genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to utilize in creating desired germlines for new crops .
the name jadgal applies specifically groups that still speak the jadgali language , in the makran region of iran and pakistan .
wikipedia is free content that anyone can edit and distribute .
the print collections are supported by extensive microform holdings .
restoration of independence in 1991 , the soviet union broke apart and armenia re-established its .
an electron microscope a particle beam of electrons to illuminate a specimen and create a highly-magnified image .
this is the geocentric model of the universe .
it was founded in the 14th century by genoese colonists , who employed large numbers of workmen -lrb- calfats -rrb- in repairing ships .
of the enlightenment occurred in french intellectual circles , and major scientific breakthroughs were achieved by french scientists in the 18th century .
every rhombus is a parallelogram , and a rhombus with right angles a square .
the population of afghanistan is divided into a wide variety of ethnic groups of which tajik , pashtun , hazara , uzbek and .
the official language of argentina is spanish , usually called castellano -lrb- castilian -rrb- by argentines .
it is the largest country by geographical area , occupying nearly half of south america , the fifth most populous country , and the fourth most populous democracy in the world .
she has an brother , chad , and a twin brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is .
the judge ordered that chapman should receive psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced him to twenty years to life , slightly less than the maximum possible of twenty-five years to .
a succession of steadily more powerful and flexible computing devices were constructed in the 1930s and 1940s , gradually the key features that are seen in modern computers .
since then they have changed their name to palladium and played alongside amy winehouse .
a boot is a type of footwear that covers at least the foot and the ankle and sometimes extends up to the knee or .
during the war , iraq used chemical weapons against iranian forces fighting on the southern front and kurdish separatists who were attempting to open up a northern front in iraq with the help of .
december is the twelfth and last month of the year in the gregorian calendar and one of seven gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
a naval mine is a self-contained explosive device placed in water to destroy ships or submarines .
the penetrating partner stands , and the receiving partner wraps their arms around his neck , and their legs around his waist , thereby the vagina or anus to the man 's penis .
he is for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
the eruption causes deaths of livestock when they eat contaminated grass and also .
an umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts , also called a hypernym .
in 1940 ellis became a member of maud who were investigating the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
the female often has a stripe along the spine and dark sides while the male may have blue spots .
the combination of new weapons and tactics have caused many historians to this battle the beginning of the end of .

earth travels a tremendous distance in its orbit around the sun , at a speed of around 30 km/s or over 108000 km per hour .
in computing , a protocol is a set of rules which is used by computers to communicate with each other across a network .
it is , commercial , and manufacturing centre , and has numerous industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
residential building codes will typically allow for steeper stairs than public building codes .
approximately 24 % australians over the age of 15 regularly participate in organised sporting activities in australia .
egypt is famous for its ancient civilization and some of the world 's most famous monuments , including the giza pyramid complex and its .
in 1973 , patrick white was awarded the nobel prize in literature , the only australian to have achieved this .
during the second world war , turing was a main participant in the efforts at bletchley park to break german ciphers .
the union commanders another charge with a cavalry regiment that the union .
in archaeology , an artifact or artefact is any object made or modified by a human culture , and often one later recovered by some archaeological endeavor .
he gives lulu a revolver , and orders her to kill herself , but when the schoolboy comes out from under the table he is and she shoots schön .
an eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs when one celestial object moves into the shadow .
the london journeys in 1790 , prince nikolaus died and was succeeded by a thoroughly unmusical prince who dismissed the entire musical establishment and put haydn a pension .
because of the importance in the community , mosques are used for preaching peaceful co-existence with non-believers , even in times of adversity .
the 35 minutes , and episodes very often edited to a standard half-hour running time when repeated on the bbc or satellite channels .
the high annual rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains , carving out canyons with many scenic waterfalls .
however , the bulk of the river flows through tropical rainforest , where there are few roads and even fewer cities , so there no need for crossings .
the third form of rock material found on earth is metamorphic rock , which is created from the transformation of pre-existing rock types through high pressures high temperatures , both .
for all pinnacle height is given , so the height of skyscrapers may differ from the at list of skyscrapers .
the event is one of the most popular spectator events in australia , with sometimes over 110,000 people , some dressed in traditional formal raceday wear and others in all manner of exotic and amusing costumes , attending the race .
according to some , before attaining divinity , he was a chinese hermit of the sung dynasty and a reincarnation of the taoist .
his of his visits to the united states and brazil , with anecdotes and witticisms about the culture , lifestyle and beauty of these places .
despite producing strong convection and tropical storm-force sustained winds , it failed to develop a low-level circulation until july 20 .
quizzes are also brief assessments used in education and similar fields to measure growth in knowledge , abilities skills .
into the hands of the révay family , who suppressed the town privileges of mošovce for almost 400 years .
this array distributes data across multiple disks , but the array is seen by the computer user and operating system as one single .
by the late 1970s , many products such as video recorders contained dedicated computers called microcontrollers , and they started to appear as a replacement to mechanical controls in domestic appliances such as washing machines .
the 80 cell prison was built in the shape of a cross with radial exercise yards around a central hall and .
the threat of invasion by the forces of spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties and counties corporate and became in effect permanent .
the average sleep requirement is between seven and nine continuous hours a day for an adult and nine to ten hours for a child ; elderly people sleep for six to seven hours .
function is often elaborated into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard .
here , simulations of evolution using evolutionary algorithms and artificial life started with the work of nils aall barricelli in the 1960s , and was extended by alex fraser , who published a series of papers on simulation of artificial selection .
by eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , madison tried to make clear that the democratic-republicans were not moving toward disunion .
the tramcar was rebuilt at a cost of # 150,000 but will not be allowed to be re-tested until at least november 2008 as testing is not allowed during the busy summer months and because of the previous closure of the tracks for repairs .
, it restricted the president to one seven-year term , and chun did not attempt to amend the document so he could for reelection in 1987 .
in the early days of settlement , singapore was the recipient of indian convicts , who were tasked with clearing the jungles for settlement and early public works .
in addition , the protein in raw eggs is only 51 % bio-available , whereas that of a cooked egg is nearer 91 % bio-available , meaning the protein of cooked eggs is nearly twice as absorbable as the protein from eggs .
it is in the second episode that he is the current incarnation of the avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human .
in this period , women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves as it was believed to bring courage to the bearer .
these banana shoots produce fibres of varying degrees of softness , yielding yarns and textiles with differing qualities for specific uses .
his works were some of the finest organ pieces to come from france in over a century , and laid the groundwork for the french symphonic organ style .
wonder has recorded several critically acclaimed albums and hit singles , and writes and produces songs for many of his label mates and outside artists as .
the term was coined by thomas henry huxley in april 1860 , and was used to describe evolutionary concepts , earlier concepts such as malthusianism and .
infants with this disease seem healthy at birth but if left untreated suffer severe brain damage , and eventually die .
almost as soon as he leaves , annius and the guard publius arrive to escort vitellia to titus , who has now chosen her as his empress .
after the death of her husband in 1831 , she tried to find employment at the opera in stockholm , but was denied a position , as her place there had been filled by henriette widerberg , and they her voice had ben damaged .
of were followed by a performance of the symphony in piano duet arrangement played by macmillan and dale .
many consider the flavor to be very agreeable , but it is generally bitter if steeped in boiling water , so it is using hot but not .
by 1928 , the regional government was moved from the old cossack capital novocherkassk to rostov , which also engulfed the nearby armenian town of .
deomyines share no that can be used to separate them from other muroids , though subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested .
for example .
as a result , the rest of the muslim community is responsible for providing the participants with food , drinks , and whatever else they need during their stay .
were inducted into the category , but in 2000 the board of directors eliminated it and those inductees are considered to be in the player category .
he died on 9 november 1875 , and in 1877 his widow left # 6000 to the university of sydney as a memorial of him , which was used to found the william hilton hovell lectureship on geology and physical geography .
of course , those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate , generalized statements if a disagreement of theory with observed data is ever found .
a typical great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as long as it was wide , and also higher than .
being much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions , brick enabled the construction of permanent buildings in regions where the harsher climate precluded the use of bricks .
being much more resistant to cold and moist weather conditions , brick enabled the construction of permanent buildings in regions where the harsher climate precluded the use of bricks .
the components are distributed together , have a consistent user interface and usually can interact with each other , sometimes in ways that the operating system would not normally allow .
in london the event to its bid to host the 2014 commonwealth games .
most miscarriages occur very early in pregnancy , in most cases , they occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that .
when the biological significance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine , in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food , or that cigarettes contain vitamins .
another , more romantic legend tells a story of a tatar princess söyembikä , who dropped a golden dish -lrb- golden qazan -rrb- in to the river on which the city is located while washing it .
for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an .
computers using vacuum tubes as their electronic elements were in use throughout the 1950s , but by the 1960s had been largely replaced by transistor-based machines , which were smaller , faster , cheaper to produce , required less power , and were more reliable .
it is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if rules at your company or school or organization mandate that you ask web site operators before their content .
sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the contemporary world , which needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development ; seeking an improved utilization of natural resources for the benefit of the planet .
it for both parties involved , however , as the show did better in the ratings than it had on thursdays , while upn received much better ratings on fridays than it did before , with its movie night .
it the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape , including beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
earth 's interior remains active , with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle , a liquid outer core that generates a magnetic field , and a .
these letters with the german districts , in few cases an urban district and the surrounding non-urban district share the same letter code .
