one of the readers was mohammed baghdadi , 32 , a manager .
he was mohammed baghdadi , 32 , a manager at the ministry of trade .
one of the readers was mohammed baghdadi , 32 .
they are tired and it shows in their voices .
piechocki is responsible for integrating , testing .
gary goddard entertainment is a company that designs theme parks .
gary goddard is the founder of gary goddard entertainment .
gary goddard entertainment is a theme parks , attractions and upscale resorts .
their fatigue changes their voices , but they are still on the freedom .
weariness frays their voices , but they are still on the freedom highway .
he felt that he wanted , joy .
he felt joy and happiness about mars .
weariness tears up their voices , but they 're still on the street .
that has n't stopped his love of european war .
richie loves how to learn learning , and reading .
that has n't stopped his love of learning .
she also tests out a full car around the world .
she also tests out a long time in dubai .
she lived through , '' said cannon african-american history .
the initiative is on the three d 's of speed .
adrienne cannon is a a hot expert on african-american history .
national parks and wildlife will also offer .
the high seas is not allowed to stay .
just about 1 percent of the high seas can be hurt .
parks deliberately maintained her image as shy and proper .
the nascar acceleration nation project is a group on motion .
adrienne cannon is an expert on african-american history .
it enhances friendships among people , '' he said .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative is an offer on speed .
it calls the three d 's of speed .
national parks and wildlife will also offer .
the pentagon is poised to spend billions to build .
the united states is about to spend billions of dollars for .
the united states is poised to spend billions of dollars .
alabama governor robert bentley said he was disappointed .
he issued a license to same-sex marriage .
now , kory helps trinity with her tumbling .
their parents were protecting the parents , not telling them .
maritime organization will keep working for mining , the international seabed authority .
for mining , there 's the international seabed authority .
the international seabed authority is in charge of mining .
'' i help trinity with her tumbling , '' she said .
piechocki visits between two offices .
the engineer commutes between two offices bimonthly -- one in dearborn , michigan .
she commutes between two offices -- one in dearborn , michigan .
now kory helps trinity with her flips .
they 're not hit with all these barriers , albrecht said .
florida specializes in '' green skins '' .
schools are picking up on it .
the education system had banned islamic headscarves from schools .
schools banned islamic headscarves who want to join the israeli .
chinese kite makers have much to worry about these days .
just until recently , the education system had banned islamic headscarves in schools .
his father owned the home when the lava hit the coast .
schoolchildren begin the day reciting an oath of allegiance to ataturk .
his father still lived there when the lava made its way to hawaii .
he was born and grew up where his father still lived .
chinese kite makers have a lot to worry about these days .
a week after his home burned rolled miles .
the third round is played with the top .
richie will now move on to written semi-finals of africa .
he bought his current house two miles up the road .
schools are picking up on the program .
hauanio hired a crew with a bulldozer miles up the road .
hauanio hired a crew with a trailer for the park .
other school winners are popular from across the region .
he was born and grew up where his father still lived .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs .
middle school was a rough couple of years for lili smith .
middle school was a rough couple of years for lili smith .
talmus ' daughter , lili smith , is an excellent middle school .
obama herself is a princeton university and harvard law school .
more than 300,000 students across the country signed up to join .
he is harvard law school .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs .
obama is a effort to boost post-secondary education in high schoolers .
he wrote the new report , a college degree .
police used tear gas , dogs and clubs .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the ground .
her daughter was never invited to stay or bullied .
he have had a hard time finding work .
he is a senior economist with the center for economic and high research .
the important economist with the center for economic and policy research .
giovanna ingram is an '' over-the-top '' parent .
more than 300,000 students are across the country .
by 1825 , riley had money problems .
parks never had children in her life .
she never had children in her birthday cards .
parks never had children in her life .
rosa parks received birthday cards from students all over the world .
tourists climb the mountain to the park .
it is being developed as a museum , and the site .
they will turn it into a visitors center and museum .
it is being turned into a museum .
by 1825 , riley was suffering business problems .
riley was still beset by business problems .
sherpas is the term for the local men who climb the mountain .
the himalayan highlands is an international meeting .
it took months for the wounds to heal .
it took him months to get back .
chicago 's 350-acre washington park was designed by legendary history .
it took months to get back .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 a year to have her son .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 a year to get extra training .
sometimes there is the pressure from family and friends .
pops staples , leader of the acclaimed chicago gospel group .
last year , ramirez earned a bachelor 's degree .
pops staples , patriarch of the acclaimed chicago gospel group the staple singers .
they still were more inclined than the scottish chimps to use apples .
young and old people are mostly male but a few female .
he saw media coverage of the event was horrified .
ministers across alabama reacted in ways to arrival same-sex marriage .
pastors across alabama reacted in varying ways to same-sex marriage .
josh updike is a rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment .
they may be taking pressure from family and friends .
there could be pressure from other family and friends .
he is in china 's rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment .
they sounded more like the scottish chimps , the study .
he is the creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment .
the netherlands chimps also did not appear to have changed the strength .
they sounded more like the scottish chimps .
pastors across alabama reacted in varying ways .
government workers were paid for improved wages and benefits .
teachers there say richie reads like a high school student .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs .
it 's more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company .
wal-mart imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company .
wal-mart 's involvement is that important .
teams of inspectors have its suppliers , visiting farms .
he say his classmates are using a special job .
wal-mart imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company .
richie will now move on to a bigger contest .
during his school day , richie uses books to read .
now at age 9 , his teachers say richie reads .
other school winners are popular from across the region .
richie will now move on to written semi-finals of africa .
they did a turning point in the struggle .
richie spelled the winning word '' magician . .
wal-mart has long had teams of inspectors in farms .
teachers there say richie reads a student in high school .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs .
he heard that the applause would make it hard .
government workers were paid for better wages and benefits .
he heard that he won .
they put kernels in a different case .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven .
she are among seven volunteers who work in the office .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven .
wal-mart for years has had teams of inspectors in its suppliers .
last year , ramirez earned a bachelor 's degree .
deborah edwards is a director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota .
he later tried to buy his freedom for a while .
but when he later tried to buy his freedom .
he later tried to buy his freedom .
deborah edwards is the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota .
some teams are for third-graders , or even for other teams .
the decision over building the plane is fixed up .
teams with third-graders -- even second-graders . .
the air force is already spending billions of dollars .
it needs a bomber that is so secret it can evade .
deborah edwards is the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota .
edwards wishes he 'd learned even more to work .
kelly fair has a group called polished pebbles .
polished pebbles hosts a father-daughter dance on valentine 's day in bronzeville .
it all means that in minnesota , youth hockey has long held .
kelly fair has a mentoring group called polished pebbles .
she gives young black girls exposure to female professionals .
kelly fair has a mentoring group called polished pebbles .
they can also go online to download the material .
polished pebbles hosts a father-daughter dance on valentine 's day in chicago .
the air force is already spending billions of dollars .
it needs a heavy-payload-carrying bomber that is so stealthy it can pull .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong 's strictures .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong 's orders .
alexander scherer is a new student at school .
he is also .
last year , he earned a college degree .
he started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient .
in minnesota , youth hockey has long had a reputation for years .
the air force is already spending billions of dollars .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao 's strict rules .
alexander scherer is a new student at school , they moved .
teams with third-graders are not good , even second-graders .
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong 's strictures .
he is also .
now teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders . .
hockey in minnesota is famously doing good , but basketball is catching up .
minnesota has long had ultra-competitive youth hockey .
they noticed that alexander scherer , a new student at school .
participation has 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700 this year .
most fish are caught by the scientists called bottom trawling .
the high seas is done by the ocean .
his team is designing projects in china .
goddard said his designers are careful to respect the local culture .
u.s. theme park giants are investing a lot in asia .
united states theme park giants are investing heavily in asia .
his team is also designing projects in china .
they were also tall glaciers and steep canyons .
they slowly hauled supplies up the peak through glaciers .
the city had plans to build president bill clinton 's library .
it live longer than humans in an industrial minute .
united states theme park companies are spending a lot of money .
they slowly brought supplies across the treacherous khumbu icefall .
laws in force in the northern states put slaves away .
still , slave laws were in force in the north .
most of the ocean is done by heavy nets .
they slowly brought supplies across the khumbu icefall .
northern states did not allow slavery to be free .
whatever the intention , it 's paying off for theme park .
it 's paying off for the californian theme park industry .
northern states did not allow slavery to control laws .
he is an expert on painting detailed designs .
when the leg is released , the popcorn will move .
he is a expert at intricately painted swallow kites .
their fatigue changes their voices , but they are still on the freedom .
they are tired and it shows in their voices .
'' i am the only woman on my team , '' he said .
weariness tears up their voices , but they 're still on the street .
weariness frays their voices , but they are still on the freedom highway .
for him , one of the biggest teaching challenges was doing .
he hopes that bringing race cars into science discussions will stop .
he hopes that making race cars will be interest .
'' i am the only woman on my team .
whites and blacks are important to pay for farming .
in just a year , the program has become more than 700 .
in just a year , participation grew from 35 schools .
the gap between whites and blacks has been possible by many factors .
middle school was a rough couple of years for lili smith .
middle school was a rough couple of years for lili smith .
many jobs require resumes and applications to be filled out online .
talmus ' daughter , lili smith , is an excellent middle school .
he is an expert at intricately painted swallow kites .
pops staples led the well-known chicago gospel group the staple singers .
pops staples , leader of the acclaimed chicago gospel group .
the popcorn moves like a gymnast doing something .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven .
the city had plans to build the clinton library in a decaying warehouse district .
the leg is released and causing the popcorn to somersault .
the leg is released in a small piece .
he is an 18th-century novelist and kite master , cao xueqin .
pops staples led the well-known chicago book group the staples singers .
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven .
all this creativity was inspired by pain , struggle and emotional .
edwards said scientific is involved from tracking the parts of .
he hopes that racing will get kids better in science .
they put kernels in a different case .
race car drivers must track the speed of different cars .
all this creativity was inspired by the pain , struggle and fighting .
drivers must track the likelihood of crashing .
washington -- the city 's plans to build the clinton library .
pops staples , patriarch of the acclaimed chicago gospel group the staple singers .
others agreed with the federal court ; they started trying in morning .
air force officials say they are worried .
other judges agreed with the federal court 's decision in the morning .
other judges agreed with the u.s. supreme court 's decision .
other judges agreed with the u.s. supreme court 's decision .
other judges agreed with the federal court 's decision in the morning .
chicagoans got into a bitter fight over a plan .
chicagoans were trying to place it in a public park .
president barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library .
she has set off a bidding war for the painting .
alessandro vezzosi is director of a museum dedicated to his hometown .
he is a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci .
others agreed with the federal court 's decision in the morning .
people in chicago were fighting over a plan .
he is a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci .
others agreed with the federal court ; they started trying in morning .
it needs a heavy-payload-carrying bomber that is so stealthy it can pull .
it needs a bomber that is so secret it can evade .
others agreed with the federal court 's decision in the morning .
officials say they need the bomber , which would be secret .
the initiative is on the three d 's of speed .
they returned to kentucky , and henson realized he will escape .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative is an offer on speed .
it calls the three d 's of speed .
texas is to remain the leader at creating jobs work .
henson realized he would have to escape to africa .
afterward , a group of teens started together to bring change .
the scientific name for popcorn is zea mays -- everta .
hundreds of pro-secular and alevi students and teachers went to education .
the nascar acceleration nation project is a group on motion .
he moved his body from side to side .
joe dunford is 36 in front of him .
joe dunford is a dad in the music .
joe dunford is 36 .
the frame of the main house dates to 1800-1815 .
fiat chrysler is a free businessman of the truck .
hundreds of students marched school to protest .
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and is likely from da .
reading , speed , accuracy , comprehension and spelling .
alessandro vezzosi is director of a museum dedicated to his hometown .
those stories have created a bidding war and raised painting .
she has set off a bidding war for the painting .
weariness frays their voices , but they are still on the freedom highway .
students from first in up to five areas are very different .
students from first grade through high school were at school .
a group of teens started together to bring change local schools .
students from first grade through high school classes in reading .
a group of teens from the community came together to teach schools .
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and is likely from da .
weariness tears up their voices , but they 're still on the street .
chief engineer of the ram 1500 truck is she oversees all .
but when the son became ill , henson pushed him and they returned .
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and likely from da .
he henry expressed disapproval in the federal education .
most all of them are to be found here on southeast .
the main house was built between 1800 and 1815 , when henson .
krear oversees all budgets and planning the truck .
the main house dates between 1800 and 1815 .
then they returned to kentucky to gain freedom .
there are many different kinds of lava , babb said .
there are many types , babb said '' ropy , wrinkled , billowy . ''
the painting is old and likely from leonardo 's lifetime .
jerry henry expressed disapproval and pondered what the changes did .
their fatigue changes their voices , but they are still on the freedom .
the changes might mean for the church to help them .
the scientific name for popcorn is zea mays everta and it is pops .
jerry henry expressed disapproval and worry in the hospital .
the united states is about to spend billions of dollars for .
to fishing .
there may be no need to send the high seas .
instead , ramirez worked to get extra money for work .
there may be no need for the high ocean .
tender papers and allow people to live without leaving home .
the song '' glory '' is in a hard movie .
digitizing physically preserves these broken papers and allows people .
the second-largest producer behind california is expected to harvest .
the project preserves these fragile papers and allows people .
poor handwriting and hurried script can make their job difficult .
.
the united states is poised to spend billions of dollars .
they could not afford to pay their son .
they would not only have ecological and economic benefits .
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state in the u.s. .
known scientifically as zea mays everta , popcorn is the only type of corn .
manuel earned extra money to hair at a spanish ranch .
the movie '' selma . ''
earlier in february , a study from the university of british columbia -lrb- ubc -rrb- said .
the pentagon is poised to spend billions to build .
the stirring '' glory '' is an important part of the movie .
poor handwriting and hurried script can make their job difficult , henrikson said .
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state behind california .
obama said times they have changed , problems still remain .
his father russell smiled , is a doctor .
wesley is bombed down a snow-packed hill monday afternoon , russell pope smiled .
he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves .
chicago rapper common delivers a terse summation of how words .
he pope his family on a sled and bombed .
riley was still beset by business problems .
ten-year-old wesley pope shot down a snow-packed hill on his wife .
he put henson in charge of being held .
in beijing that time , a kite artist named fei .
obama said times , many children do still .
in beijing during the cultural revolution , a kite artist named fei .
he noted that streets in israel are still named after lincoln .
there is big lincolns still out there to be found ?
he noted that streets in israel are named after lincoln 's prime minister .
young black women are away from higher education .
shante wolfe is told the associated press in montgomery county .
in beijing that time , a kite artist named fei .
he noted that streets in israel are named after lincoln 's prime minister .
she remembers a letter written by lincoln in february .
unemployment is falling to its lowest level in years .
it was to rent lincoln 's springfield home .
that is their hunger for and belief in many education .
tender papers and allow people to live without leaving home .
lancaster mayor parris said the jobs had the biggest times .
digitizing physically preserves these broken papers and allows people .
the project preserves these fragile papers and allows people .
mpas are the oceans ' national parks for the ocean .
the champion of the final bee will represent the st. louis area .
meanwhile , lockheed martin and boeing saw a need for college-educated .
what they do is a '' hunger for and belief .
he bought his current house two miles up the road .
a week after his home burned rolled miles .
meanwhile , lockheed martin and boeing work on aircraft in san antonio saw retirees .
the law .
the law .
omaha , nebraska , banned sledding at a popular hill in a test .
the ban .
the champion there will represent the st. louis area .
she has a high school problem in schools .
the program gives students simple and fun ways to include others .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could end up creating jobs .
the winner there will represent the st. louis area in the african bee .
the champion of the final bee will represent the st. louis area .
the program tries to get students simple and fun ways .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could create jobs in the area .
what they do is '' their hunger for and belief .
lancaster mayor parris really wants the government to build it .
the program hopes to stop this by making simple fun .
hauanio hired a crew with a bulldozer miles up the road .
he then typed out the answers using the six keys on notetaker .
mpas are the oceans ' national parks , and many protection .
chicago -- a big automobile company arrived in 2014 .
he ends up being whipped to death for not slaves .
it is increasingly true across the country , said steve murdock .
mayfield wrote a string of two instruments records .
the song wrote and sang on a string of .
he sang on a string of music records .
uncle tom endures is a hard times book .
flying a kite also elevates your mood , he said .
steve murdock is a sociology professor at rice university .
at least 10 people were arrested for organizing the school absences .
he also loves how to do your people 's fans .
there are schools that have no labs or libraries .
schools have no labs , libraries or sports .
mary barra became head of her .
at least 10 people were arrested for organizing the school absences .
he is true across the country , said steve murdock .
steve murdock is a professor at rice university in washington who has been arguing for years .
it gave steam to what the university considers to be called new york .
some people said it might make university in new york library .
it gave steam to what the university of chicago considers to be its biggest .
then he draws a connection between two parks and ferguson , missouri
then he draws a connection between two rights pioneer rosa parks
his parents , who brought him .
meanwhile , two companies saw they needed workers .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as the elder statesman .
more new jobs are being created for workers with college degrees .
in beijing kite circles , fei is widely known as a respected .
more jobs are being created for educated workers during the world .
he is an 18th-century novelist and kite master , cao xueqin .
states are beginning to improve that gap .
the boycott was n't to attack .
schools have no labs , libraries or sports .
but he said it is possible with there are surprises .
five turkish cities are held for organizing the boycott .
what he saw and experienced in the company of king was .
vezzosi said he does n't see him in the work .
they turned the heat up to 350 degrees .
they dialed it up to 350 degrees c each .
mustafa shahbaz is 26 , an engineer shopping for science books .
she preferred the old , comfortable book sold years past .
what he saw and experienced in the company of king did .
for that reason and others , most researchers had assumed that referential calls .
she liked the old , comfortable book sold years past .
most researchers had assumed that nonhuman primates were born knowing the calls .
most researchers thought that apes were born knowing the calls .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , a civil engineer looking for books .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , an engineer , was shopping for books .
uncle ends up being caught to death for not slaves .
mustafa shahbaz is 26 , looking for science books and science fiction novels .
the picture is not look like da vinci 's paintings .
vezzosi said he does n't see him in the work .
also , just one woman is in charge of a big company .
chicago -- in 2014 , mary barra became the leader .
vezzosi said the painting does not look like '' da vinci 's work .
they turned the heat and put a few kernels on .
they turned the heat up on a hot plate .
he is not in his book .
history has never been a protest movement so rich in song .
they are aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm .
60s , african-american '' freedom songs .
they are aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm .
african-american '' freedom songs '' are aimed to motivate protesters .
then word came over the radio : a huge glacier .
he have had a hard time finding work .
scientists did not consider this to be real language , said simon townsend .
two months ago , the texas association of business bought a billboard in austin .
two months ago , the texas association of business bought a billboard .
president abraham lincoln met stowe on $ 8 in 1862 .
two months ago , the texas association of business bought a sign .
president abraham lincoln reportedly said to stowe he met her in 1862 .
two months ago , the texas association of business gave a billboard in austin -lrb- .
the important economist with the center for economic and policy research .
they were more about being aware of other people 's feelings .
he wrote the new report , a college degree .
flying a kite also elevates your mood , he said .
he also loves how to do your people 's fans .
he has been making traditional kites in weifang .
historic architecture , crafts and music are being made from china .
han fuling has been making traditional kites for nearly his whole life .
the slow downfall of kite making is part of a big cultural .
you did for african-americans who did n't pay .
driver carl edwards is a substitute teacher in columbia , missouri .
nascar is the racing organization , wants to teach kids .
he is known for his back-flip off cars .
she wrote a student named zack in texas .
mrs. parks wrote what you did for african-americans is great .
nascar wants to help kids learn the science 500 to attend los angeles .
slow to is part of a big story in china .
china fishing nations would lose hundreds of millions of dollars .
it .
teri albrecht is director of international student and scholar services .
it .
the rules would also make it much easier .
the agreement would make it much easier to protected areas .
they would lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year .
teri albrecht is the director of international student and scholar services .
there is the international maritime organization for shipping ships .
she said for college can be tough for young students .
she said the college process is especially a problem for immigrant students .
maritime organization will keep working for mining , the international seabed authority .
there 's the international maritime organization for shipping .
he is a senior economist with the center for economic and high research .
nascar announced that it will promote stem inside .
the engineering team asked for me and should been accepted very well .
scientists did n't consider these calls true language , said study leader simon .
it also placed guards at the hill and put hay .
simon townsend is a scientist at the university of zurich .
scientists on the grounds have found objects from that time .
simon townsend is a scientist at the university of zurich .
flatirons and milk bottles they are now known .
it put hay bales around trees and pads around posts .
his children on the presidents day holiday served in the winter .
a marriage license is given to laura bush .
instead , the city posted warning signs , stationed sentries at hill .
he supervised the farm in north bethesda , a wheat , corn .
he supervised the north bethesda farm , which grew wheat , corn and tobacco .
nascar announced friday a commitment to promote '' stem '' .
in 1964 , history has never known a protest song .
it was more about being aware of other people 's feelings .
primates use different calls for things or events .
they are role models for young women in the car .
research has shown that primates can produce unique calls .
primates like events are such as a predator or discovery .
research has shown that primates can produce unique calls .
the day was more about being aware of other people 's feelings .
they are also serving as role models for next .
the next generation of young women is good and technology .
the idea was to get kids to other people 's feelings .
there are three women car engineers for young women .
a flatiron and milk bottle are known as .
an archaeological dig at the site has found old 19th-century artifacts .
in 1964 , history has never known a protest song .
the overland park is a high kansas city .
mustafa shahbaz , 26 , a civil engineer looking for books .
he heard that he won .
the sea catholic church months earlier .
josh updike is a rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment .
he heard that the applause would make it hard .
he is in china 's rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment .
mustafa shahbaz is 26 , looking for science books and science fiction novels .
a spokesman for scripps said the contest periodically has participants who are blind .
the third round is played with the top .
the shanghai disney resort is expected to open late this year .
the $ 4 billion shanghai disney resort is expected to sell this year .
they begged him to move the house to a safer place .
the weekly book market is felled by a car .
mutanabbi street has long been a place for protests .
nahla nadawi is 48 years old who teaches arabic at college .
nahla nadawi is a 48 teacher who teaches arabic at her son .
he was glad to see the peaceful city he .
mustafa shahbaz is 26 , an engineer shopping for science books .
the weekly book market was destroyed by an car .
government workers were paid for improved wages and benefits .
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper , freedom .
government workers were paid for better wages and benefits .
mutanabbi street has always been a hotbed of protest in cuba .
mutanabbi street has always been a hotbed of sadness .
but then he heard the radio : a huge glacier .
the way parishioners had relocated the nearby star of the sea .
washington -- the city 's plans to build the clinton library .
the university of chicago 's plan to use parkland made fights .
fights involving presidential libraries are n't as well , hufbauer said .
the city had plans to build the clinton library in a decaying warehouse district .
some growers have good reputations on labor issues .
some growers with good reputations on labor issues say partners .
others have been the latest in a long history .
his children begged him to move up a safe area .
in 2014 , it sold 1.3 billion pounds of pounds .
mexico supplied 1.3 billion pounds of avocados pounds .
then an announcement came over the radio .
the city had plans to build president bill clinton 's library .
mexico has 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the united states .
the first is dawn piechocki , an engineering manager at ford motor company .
washington -- parks with last year 's protests in ferguson , missouri .
benjamin netanyahu , prime minister of israel , wrote to the museum in october .
his assassination , the terrible a calamity . ''
it criticized low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio school .
younger women are interested in science and math skills .
the queen called his death '' so terrible it . ''
i also speak to younger women who are interested .
henson was born in southern maryland , and was a child .
but she accepted that in baghdad , change is not only on necessary .
but she accepted that in baghdad , it was needed .
teams of inspectors have its suppliers , visiting farms .
she understood that in baghdad , change was hard to avoid .
today , kapalana is a long time in its own way .
today , kapalana is a lot in its own way .
by 2013 , it became clear about the grunts that the dutch chimps associated .
the inspectors give talks on how wal-mart wants farm workers .
today , kapalana is a long time in its own way .
inspectors visit farms and talks on how to keep wal-mart .
baghdad change was not only hard to avoid , it was needed .
richie 's parents learned he was blind before .
by 2013 , dutch chimps associated with apples had come down in danger .
two middle-aged brothers , 14 , heard down a hill signs .
their inspectors visit farms and hold seminars on how to follow .
he was 6 months old , and 's parents .
two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs !
by 2013 , the grunts made for apples had come down .
two adult brothers are a hill holding signs .
he covers parks with last year 's protests in ferguson , missouri .
drones also want to be flown at a drone .
car bombs are still in baghdad , the capital city of iraq .
he estimated that about half his work in the countries has been in asia .
gary goddard entertainment is a company that designs theme parks .
their parents were protecting the parents , not telling them .
they 're not hit with all these barriers , albrecht said .
, at age 7 , he built his first kite .
in the united states and europe , theme parks bring movies .
parks in the united states and europe are expensive .
parks in the united states and europe are expensive .
parks in the united states and europe uses special ideas from movies .
teachers who support the government say turkey is going back .
deborah edwards is the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota .
she said she shakes her head over the happening .
much of the nets can be found .
much of the fish and sharks caught up in the nets .
m university has started over a pig farm to make way .
deborah edwards is the executive director of the positive coaching alliance in minnesota .
trawl 's catch is a ocean dead .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 a year to get extra training .
much of the trawl 's catch , or fish .
giovanna ingram is an '' over-the-top '' parent .
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 a year to have her son .
by 2013 , the grunts made for apples had changed .
educators who support the government say turkey is going back .
president erdogan supports adding ottoman language classes for high schools .
officials said they want to fly it with controls .
henson was born in southern maryland , and was a child .
drones also want to be flying as a drone .
drones also want it to be flying as a drone .
the house sits bought it in 2006 for $ 1 million .
car bombs are the book market is a welcome respite .
the county in maryland where the house was bought .
car bombs are still in baghdad .
car bombs still drive armed gangs still lurk .
government-allied educators say turkey is returning to its culture .
dozens of people are to enter the yard of an arts center .
dozens of people are lined up to enter the open-air courtyard .
one group that received particularly strong backing from erdogan .
president erdogan is strongly backing a proposal to add language classes .
president erdogan supports ottoman language classes for high schools .
dozens of people are to enter the home of an arts center .
montgomery county is the maryland county in suburban washington where the house sits .
bailey and his daughter turned the dance into a special day .
bailey and his daughter , taniya , turned the dance .
dozens are popular up to enter the open-air courtyard of a cultural center .
bailey and his daughter made a day of course .
henson was born in southern maryland .
piechocki is responsible for integrating , testing .
the table is covers the seed .
black graduates were more than twice as likely to be born .
at the other end of the state , in huntsville , ellin jimmerson had fun .
in huntsville , baptist minister ellin jimmerson had conducted two weddings by lunchtime .
rapper common tells how words , music and a protest came .
the billboard criticized low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio high school .
two months ago , the texas association of business gave a billboard in austin -lrb- .
many probate judges in alabama , said they .
employers are more likely to offer a job to a college .
in the midst of it , rapper common summarizes how words , melody and protest are civil .
in fact , he said , he is not back .
she remembers a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher .
chicago rapper common delivers a terse summation of how words .
in fact , he said , he does n't been called back .
then he draws a connection between two rights pioneer rosa parks
in the midst of it , rapper common summarizes how words , melody and a protest come .
then he draws a connection between two parks and ferguson , missouri
she remembers transcribing a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher .
she wrote about a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher .
many probate judges in alabama , said they .
in fact , he said , he does n't been called back .
it bursts , solidifying into a spongy white flake of popcorn .
the seed is also a form of thicker .
employers are more likely to offer a job , schmitt said .
it turns into a spongy white flake of popcorn .
employers are more likely to offer a job , schmitt said .
employers are more likely to offer a job to a college .
he was the only republican in the state .
it criticized low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio .
however , many judges said they would refuse to issue licenses .
the man believed he was the only republican who fought .
there is a thin layer of the seed .
its kernels are more than other corn kernels and the seed .
he feared for his family 's safety .
he was sent to lincoln by a louisiana teacher .
espresso is fully stocked bars and internet cafes on the mountain .
less than white workers are able .
espresso is fully stocked bars and internet cafes .
less than white workers are able .
they wanted to know more about how popcorn to act .
technology is a hard time finding work , said john schmitt .
the next generation of young women is good and technology .
there are three women car engineers for young women .
she is involved in the design and engineering of the chassis .
she is the author of the report '' women '' .
african-americans who studied science , technology , and math said .
there are three women car engineers in the car .
african-americans was spilled in the first of three voting rights marches .
three women car engineers are making car world car that makes it .
they wanted to understand what origins of some .
they simply wanted to understand how some most distinctive traits .
he later tried to buy his freedom .
i could n't take it any more , she said .
it is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million .
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state behind california .
pops bore witness until his last days , as his play attests .
it banned tattoos and dyed hair in schools .
todd harrison is an analyst at the center for strategic and budgetary assessments .
the new stealth bomber program would be cost $ 90 billion .
the stealth bomber program would be cost $ 90 billion .
he thinks the new stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ 90 billion .
the congressional budget office has repeatedly pointed to the new bomber .
student freedom was the reason for making back headscarves .
but he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him .
pops continued writing and singing about the movement .
pops continued writing and singing about the movement until he .
the same time banned tattoos , body piercing and hair .
old men sold sesame-covered pretzels called smeed and young juices .
the warplane would eventually be able to kill nuclear weapons .
air force officials have said the warplane would eventually be rid .
but when he later tried to buy his freedom .
old men sold smeed , pretzels covered with fruit juices .
old men sold smeed , a kind of bread food .
she wanted us to know the true rosa parks , cannon said .
later .
the report is a '' women in vehicle engineering . ''
yet these days , han is a very important children .
but these days , han doubts .
yet these days , han doubts making it to teach .
old men sold smeed , a food bread seeds .
a government office has repeatedly said the new bomber is not important .
he likes the late iraqi author ali wardi and american writer dan brown .
china , the parks like stories from chinese history .
china and parks draw on stories from chinese history or fairy tales .
the congressional law has repeatedly said the new bomber program could be cut .
parks in the united states and europe are expensive .
baghdadi said he favors the late iraqi author ali wardi .
he said he favors writers like ali wardi and american thriller writer dan brown .
sae 's international automotive engineering magazine .
and fewer than 20 percent of engineers are women .
the report is a '' women in vehicle engineering . ''
winfield was a standout student who created the school .
espresso is fully stocked bars and internet cafes .
the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres of parkland .
many african-american protesters were hurt in a voting rights march .
he ends up being whipped to death for not slaves .
he is not telling them what happened next .
it 's more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company .
the company imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than other u.s. companies .
wal-mart imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company .
wal-mart imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company .
the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres of parkland .
at colby-sawyer college , winfield was a top student at the school .
the second-largest producer behind california is expected to harvest .
teams with third-graders are not good , even second-graders .
now teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders . .
texas is going to be competitive in great minds .
the struggle joined in earnest during the end .
uncle ends up being caught to death for not slaves .
girls are signing up to play baseball basketball at younger ages .
he began studying with fei in 2003 with a goal .
sun began studying with fei in 2003 with a goal .
one of them is sun he , a 36-year-old auto mechanic .
african-americans was spilled in the first time voting rights marches .
the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres .
the beach is a exhibit worthy of a natural history museum .
lawmakers mainly want to know what their state will do .
giant weapons companies are northrop grumman and boeing company try to win lawmakers .
they want cars designed for their smaller body , too .
northrop grumman and boeing co. privately buy their support .
women want better storage , and cars that are attached , she said .
women -rrb- want better storage ways , nicer interior lighting and materials .
women want better storage , nicer interior lighting and materials .
it is expected to harvest about 66 million pounds .
some expeditions have espresso and internet cafes on the mountain .
the researchers recorded each group 's food grunts .
he said that the numbers of parents are getting worse .
the researchers recorded each group 's food grunts .
recently , richie and his class had nouns with verbs .
recently , richie and his class were deciding .
on a recent school day , richie and his class did subjects .
richie and his class were deciding .
sae 's international automotive engineering magazine .
virot and ponomarenko used their cameras to capture objects .
the minnesota youth athletic services began hosting a state tournament .
virot and ponomarenko are a camera on a hot plate .
he was recorded with his children in the years .
martin luther king articulated the new york movement 's goals .
artists such as chicago 's curtis mayfield sam cooke .
the amount of fishes caught annually , a third countries .
isabella d ` este demonstrates leonardo 's association was the portrait 's subject .
back in early fall , 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 .
virot and ponomarenko used high-speed cameras to capture planets .
back in the fall , 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 did .
researchers found that closing the high seas would actually be helpful .
edina paid outside evaluators to quit the 44 fourth-graders .
outside evaluators brought in to judge the players .
a drawing of isabella d is este shows with her .
he is a drawing of isabella d ` este .
chicago 's curtis mayfield , sam cooke and music .
boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams and 20 teams were football .
she offered her a astronomy class after he spoke .
he is a $ 2 billion airplane by the time .
regularly sat on the bench is using a computer shots .
american companies charge $ 500,000 to $ 7 million .
the bench is a electronic tablet , and the team 's shots .
many immigrants find out , for the first time .
american companies can make $ 500,000 to $ 7 million .
he said the defense companies might on the contract .
american companies earn $ 500,000 to $ 7 million .
palmdale mayor james ledford is a new york mayor .
defense companies want about it , palmdale mayor james ledford said .
minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- is a new state tournament .
the team 's shots is a special kind of food .
he could not believe that 900 students had asked .
artists to complete drawings for chinese theme parks .
he worked as a top analyst inside the department of defense .
he is a $ 2 billion airplane by the time .
he said the school eventually offered his daughter a astronomy class .
virot and ponomarenko used high-tech cameras to watch the kernels .
he worked as a top analyst at the government .
no one asked for math or english , guvener said .
he could not believe that students asked them for math .
he could not believe that 900 students asked .
he was recorded with his children in the years .
artists who performed the music included chicago 's curtis mayfield .
he will pick up substitute teaching jobs .
they find out for the first time .
it all before the physical builds take place .
stowell and his staff think that even documents about lincoln 's death will be better .
winfield scrapes pay him about $ 125 a day .
he was recorded with his children in the years .
it enables product evaluations on engineering , design , comfort and manufacturing .
it lets engineers analyze how a car works before the built .
nascar announced that it will promote stem inside .
it lets engineers make the engineering , design and manufacturing .
nascar announced friday a commitment to promote '' stem '' .
young african-americans with a four-year degree , the job search has been tough .
nascar wants to help kids learn the science 500 to attend los angeles .
in 2013 , its staff said that delaying the new bomber program would improve it .
in 2013 , the government should wait 10 years ago .
stowell 's staff thinks that even documents pertaining to lincoln 's death .
they are also posting as many day-to-day events .
even documents about lincoln 's death and those written was a better understanding .
stowell believes that even documents about lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding .
in 2013 , it said , it could be started to improve its design .
many day-to-day events are in lincoln 's life as possible .
and they 've posted about 100,000 legal papers from lincoln .
many day-to-day events are in lincoln 's life as possible .
she and tori sisson of tuskegee got out in a blue and white tent .
she and tori sisson of tuskegee were the first in the county .
nascar is the racing organization , wants to teach kids .
teri albrecht is director of international student and scholar services .
the cars are lined up behind each other .
young african-americans with four-year degrees , a new report found .
a new report found that young african-americans with a four-year degree .
they find out for the first time .
why can race cars in a drafting piece ?
one question asks why do race cars ?
one example asks why can race cars ?
the street instead of a park is not a lot .
sledding injuries were five times a few children .
however , it takes longer and costs more .
children who do five times are more likely in a park .
such an approach takes longer and costs more .
most of the men in the profession are ethnic people .
children who sled on the street last times .
audits cost more , added expenses that conflict with wal-mart .
these are welcome challenges for marks and others in california .
these are welcome challenges for marks and others in southern california .
audits , she said , did cost about $ 1,400 .
on march 9 , 1844 , he paid 25
sherpas is the term for the local men who climb the mountain .
the himalayan highlands is an international meeting .
jimmy carter was about to build his library in the 1980s .
carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s .
carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s .
however , doing things are in costs more money .
the trade is dominated by the himalayan highlands .
some chinese developers do n't understand the high cost of building .
inspections , she said , did cost about $ 1,400 .
chinese developers do not understand how expensive it is to build .
it rarely costs more than $ 1,400 to inspect a farm .
the lava moves in fits and starts for a few days .
the himalayan highlands is at the bottom of mount everest .
employers are more likely to offer a job to a college .
in 2010 , a band of chimpanzees was born .
the nascar acceleration nation initiative is an offer on speed .
tourists climb the mountain to the park .
some chinese developers do n't understand what cost u.s. .
it calls the three d 's of speed .
the lava will put for weeks .
the initiative is on the three d 's of speed .
when a band of captive chimpanzees was born .
well , on march 9 , 1844 , he paid 25 cents .
the lava flow moves in a new line .
on march 9 , 1844 , abraham lincoln paid 25 cents .
all of the victims were local mountain guides .
it calls them the three d 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag .
officials think the log cabin was there when henson lived on .
in 2010 , a band of chimpanzees was named scotland .
she said to alexander was wrapping up with him .
henson lived on the plantation to kentucky on wednesday .
.
the himalayan highlands is an international meeting .
she said to alexander , he said .
alexander was coming to the united states .
henson lived there from age 6 , around 1795 .
in 2010 , a group of chimpanzees was named scotland .
he was 6 years old , to 1825 .
on march 9 , 1844 , he paid 25 cents .
the university of chicago is famous to build the library .
washington 's plan was to build the obama library .
its plan to build the library in washington park or jackson park .
much of the nets can be found .
trawl 's catch is a ocean dead .
the countries of the world agreed to protect the countries .
national parks and wildlife will also offer .
much of the fish and sharks caught up in the nets .
countries agreed that an international treaty is needed , says daniela diz .
daniela diz is a marine policy expert at wwf -lrb- world wildlife fund -rrb- .
the first time in history , states with the cuba .
much of the trawl 's catch , or fish .
the high seas is not allowed to stay .
african-americans who studied science , technology , and math said .
rich penick said it is not a lot of time .
technology is a hard time finding work , said john schmitt .
the state supreme court is a republican from washington in alabama .
women want better storage , and cars that are attached , she said .
women want better storage , nicer interior lighting and materials .
even african-americans who study science , technology , engineering and math .
a new study are having a harder time than whites .
he have had a hard time finding work .
less than white workers are able .
less than white workers are able .
lleyton are creating demand for basketball at young .
women -rrb- want better storage ways , nicer interior lighting and materials .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could end up creating jobs .
two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs !
two middle-aged brothers , 14 , heard down a hill signs .
that is their hunger for and belief in many education .
lancaster mayor parris said the jobs had the biggest times .
devon zagory is a produce industry expert in the united states .
it would create jobs throughout the area .
devon zagory works in mexico .
lancaster mayor parris said the bomber could create jobs in the area .
the fluffy corn is twice as large times .
the inverted kernel is twice as large .
after it finally pops , the fluffy corn is double the size .
the fluffy corn is twice as large as the original kernel .
in 1991 , he watched the lava burn and destroy .
he watched it in 1991 when the house was born .
the molten flow entered the house through the back .
but defense secretary chuck hagel said last month : our deterrent edge will be affected .
'' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent .
but defense secretary chuck hagel said last month , bomber is not deterrent .
he remembers watching at a meeting o ` clock in .
he was born and grew up where his father still lived .
he remembers watching at 2 o ` clock in morning .
teachers is a open the way to elective religious education .
he said students .
what they are trying to do is open up .
there are dragons , eagles , butterflies and ingenious mechanical kites .
he was born and grew up where his father still lived .
henson was born in southern maryland , and was a child .
henson was born in southern maryland , and was a child .
the house was once part of a plantation in 1830 .
the house was once part of a plantation and it .
the maryland site was once the home of josiah henson .
the farm was the home of josiah henson .
he was sold to riley in 1795 .
the university had started to move a pig farm to library .
the gospel , or religious , music of black churches spoke in heaven .
in mexico , she has 55 people in the u.s. .
president barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library .
she said '' much of it is moving , '' she said .
she would call me almost daily , said .
in mexico , she is the only woman in the engineering management .
it cost so much to the government that built 132 planes .
chicago -- president barack obama is expected to be library .
the pentagon eventually decided to build just 21 of 132 planes .
the defense department eventually decided to build just 21 of 132 planes .
it 's made the way it is to watch .
the girls said her daughter would finish her lunch .
m university has started over a pig farm to make way .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life .
the gospel , or religious music of black church spoke .
she said '' much of it is moving , '' she said .
charlayne hunter-gault is one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia .
hunter-gault was one of the first black students to whites-only .
he was one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia .
hunter-gault was one of the first black students to whites-only .
you can take a part of the car .
chicago -- president barack obama is expected to be less than two months .
ledford is a big group of bomber in palmdale .
chicago is not the only city where a fight has been waged .
ledford is a big company , northrop said .
but this was not the first time a land dispute could be done .
but chicago is not the only city where a fight has been waged .
he refused to give up his riverfront property .
but it was not the first time a land dispute .
but landowner gene pfeifer is now in the middle of the library .
chinese developers are now nearly $ 24 billion on la .
it was not the first time that a presidential library has been at land .
in 2013 alone , chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion .
chicago -- president barack obama will choose the location to a library .
they buy the triangles -lrb- plastic commercial kites -rrb- and fly them .
northrop executives have said they would build big parts of the company .
in 2013 alone , chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion .
ledford is an parts of the bomber in palmdale .
chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion in theme park construction .
the courthouse , he said .
the three selma marches in 1965 have attention black voting rights .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life .
the gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life .
other types of music -- soul and r & amp .
soul , r & amp ; b and jazz could be now .
police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs .
his own house was safe for the moment .
his own house was safe for now , but he knew .
he wanted to build a roadway through a linear park .
they did not interfere with gay couples , though licenses .
but hauanio already knew it would be the next house .
it was over a decades-old plan to get a roadway .
but hauanio knew that it would be next to do .
carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s .
but did not interfere with gay couples licenses .
the census of marine life is a decadelong survey of the global oceans .
the census of marine life estimated that 90 percent of some .
when sun kills a young person interested in chinese culture .
brandy schaffels is a chief editor of askpatty.com .
when sun kills a young person , they do not happen .
the lack of female input may be why .
when sun meets a young person , he says , they do not happen .
it 's also about time based on marine life .
lanier was the youngest member of the little rock nine .
lanier was the youngest member of the little rock nine .
charlayne hunter-gault is one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia .
his father 's house was burned in 1991 , 62-year-old hauanio .
lanier was the youngest member of the little rock nine .
the water inside turns to steam is a lot of water .
-lrb- 212 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- is a hot weather temperature .
the kernel gets very hot , above 100 degrees .
it would be so great , he added , .
his father 's house was burned in 1991 .
his father 's house was burned in 1991 .
when the kernel gets very hot , the water inside turns to dry dry .
he volunteers for work with the pope .
breyfogle play on edina 's team .
they could not afford to pay their son .
breyfogle was going back up his son , easton .
they could not afford to pay their son .
breyfogle is a former college basketball player .
he was older , but could not afford .
he was unsure at first about signing up his son .
they could not afford to pay their son .
steve murdock is a professor at rice university in washington who has been arguing for years .
more likely to be be in a job .
other states like these have studied college degrees .
less than white workers are able .
they are more likely to work in a job before college .
murdock has been trying to get decades texas and other states .
less than white workers are able .
his success at colby-sawyer is part of the reason that .
his success at colby-sawyer is part of the reason that winfield ca n't understand .
winfield 's success in college is part of the reason .
his success in college , he said , is part of the reason .
murdock has been trying for many years .
this town on the east end of hawaii 's big island was .
hauanio remembers his green and beach town on the island .
hauaino remembers his verdant , pre-volcano beach town on hawaii .
hauaino remembers his green and beach town on the island .
major fishing nations would lose hundreds of millions of dollars .
she tells girls if you are good at math .
i tell them that if you are good at math .
the old accents and ways of beijing , including beijing opera .
.
maybe get a scholarship in the end of their school .
.
he is rejected by the professional world has pushed me to go .
