It is the county seat of Alfalfa County .
Cherokee is a city in Alfalfa County , Oklahoma , United States .
Skateboard decks are usually between 28 and 33 inches long .
The underside of the deck can be printed with a design by the manufacturer , blank , or decorated by any other means .
This was created by two surfers ; Ben Whatson and Jonny Drapper .
Some of them have special materials that help to keep the deck from breaking : such as fiberglass , bamboo , resin , Kevlar , carbon fiber , aluminum , and plastic .
`` Old school '' boards -LRB- those made in the 1970s â `` 80s or modern boards that mimic their shape -RRB- are generally wider and often have only one kicktail .
One of the first deck companies was called `` Drapped '' taken from Jonny 's second name .
Grip tape , when applied to the top surface of a skateboard , gives a skater 's feet grip on the deck .
Modern decks vary in size , but most are 7 to 10.5 inches wide .
Variants of the 1970s often have little or no concavity , whereas 1980s models have deeper concavities and steeper kicktails .
The usual parts to design a complete skateboard are the deck , trucks , wheels , bearings , hardware , and griptape .
This is mostly ridden down hills or by the beach to represent the riding of a wave in the ocean on a surfboard .
It is most often black but can come in a variety of colors including clear , allowing the top of the deck to be decorated .
The longboard , a common variant of the skateboard , has a longer deck .
Wider decks can be used for greater stability when transition or ramp skating .
Edmilson Alves -LRB- born February 17 , 1976 -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder who currently plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
Les Oubeaux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It is part of the Mitsubishi keiretsu , formerly the biggest industrial group in Japan , and was formed in 1970 from the automotive division of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries .
This template , like some other is a workaround for wikimarkup behaviors .
In 1998 , she became the second actress -LRB- after Liza Minnelli -RRB- to win a Golden Globe Award , an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year .
Penin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cardiff has many cultural sites varying from the historical Cardiff Castle and out of town Castell Coch to the more modern Wales Millennium Centre and Cardiff Bay . Cardiff was a finalist in the European Capital of Culture 2008 .
Sporting venues in the city include the Millennium Stadium -LRB- the national stadium for the Wales national rugby union team and the Wales national football team -RRB- , SWALEC Stadium -LRB- the home of Glamorgan County Cricket Club -RRB- , Cardiff City Stadium -LRB- the home of Cardiff City football team and Cardiff Blues rugby union team -RRB- , Cardiff International Sports Stadium -LRB- the home of Cardiff Amateur Athletic Club -RRB- and Cardiff Arms Park -LRB- the home of Cardiff Rugby Club -RRB- .
Annual events in Cardiff that have become regular appearances in Cardiff 's calendar include Sparks in the Park , The Great British Cheese Festival , Cardiff Mardi Gras , Cardiff Winter Wonderland and Cardiff Festival .
PuymÃ ras is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Gastines is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The Haiti national football team represents Haiti in association football and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration HaÃ tienne de Football , the governing body for football in Haiti .
The Chenab then joins the Indus at Mithankot , Pakistan .
It then merges with the Sutlej River near Uch Sharif , Pakistan to form the Panjnad or the ` Five Rivers ' , the fifth being the Beas River which joins the Satluj near Ferozepur , India .
The Chenab River -LRB- , , , , , literally : ` Moon -LRB- Chan -RRB- Ú Ù River -LRB- aab -RRB- ' Ø cents Ø -RRB- is formed by the confluence of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi located in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh , India .
Ø Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ø Û Ø Ù .
It flows through the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir into the plains of the Punjab , forming the boundary between the Rechna and Jech interfluves -LRB- Doabs in Persian -RRB- .
Ù and then by the Ravi River Ahmedpur Sial Ø Ø Ù
It is joined by the Jhelum River at Trimmu Ø Ø Û Ù
The total length of the Chenab is approximately 960 kilometres .
In its upper reaches it is also known as the ' .
CondÃ - sur-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The main bar at King 's is far older , and is the site of more informal meetings between students .
The bar has been traditionally painted a socialist red , including a depiction of a hammer and sickle .
King 's also has a dedicated Coffee Shop adjacent to the bar .
Henry VI is not completely forgotten at the College , however , the Saturday after the end of Michaelmas term each year is Founder 's Day which begins with a Founder 's Eucharist in the chapel , followed by a Founder 's Breakfast with ale and culminating in a sumptuous dinner in his memory called `` Founder 's Feast '' to which all members of College in their last year of studies are invited .
The enduring popularity of the June Event is due largely to its affordability ; a ticket generally costs around Â # 60 rather than the Â # 90 â `` 200 which is common for the May Balls of other colleges .
A Vacation Bar , or `` vac bar '' , also sometimes operates during the summer vacation , run by -LRB- and mainly for -RRB- the graduate students who remain in College throughout the year .
Founded in 1441 , the college 's formal name is `` The King 's College of Our Lady and St. Nicholas in Cambridge '' .
Founded in 1441 , the college 's formal name is `` The King 's College of Our Lady and St. Nicholas in Cambridge '' . It is usually referred to simply as `` King 's '' within the university .
King 's has a venue known as the Cellar Bar , a small room in the basement of the college , which regularly acts as a music venue .
King 's College is a constituent college of the University of Cambridge , England .
The student union has a long record of left wing activism .
Whereas most Cambridge colleges celebrate May Week with a May Ball -LRB- which actually falls in June -RRB- , since the early 1980s King 's has instead held a June Event -LRB- a more informal version of a May Ball -RRB- known as King 's Affair .
In 2004 it was redecorated , with the walls painted yellow and the overall dÃ cor lightened .
The connection with Eton is now weak , but a scholarship to attend the college , exclusively available to students from Eton , is still awarded each year .
The world-famous Chapel choir consists of choral scholars -LRB- male students from the college -RRB- and choristers -LRB- boys educated at the nearby King 's College School -RRB- .
In the eighties a long rent strike against the college 's investment in apartheid South Africa was organised .
Originally , the college was to be specifically for boys from Eton College .
King Henry VI had admired the achievements of William of Wykeham , who had founded the twin colleges of New College , Oxford -LRB- King 's College 's Sister College -RRB- and Winchester College in 1379 .
The Chapel is actively used as a place of worship and also for some concerts and college events .
As with all Cambridge colleges King 's has its own student unions both for undergraduates -LRB- King 's College Student Union or KCSU -RRB- and for graduates -LRB- King 's College Graduate Society or KCGS -RRB- .
Once someone has been admitted to the College , they become a member for life .
It is usually referred to simply as `` King 's '' within the university .
A hammer and sickle survives in a frame on the wall , a source of some controversy .
The Chapel is widely seen as a symbol of Cambridge , as seen in the logo of the city council .
The College Chapel , an example of late Gothic architecture , was built over a period of a hundred years -LRB- 1446 â `` 1531 -RRB- in three stages .
For this reason , King 's alumni are referred to as ` Non Resident Members ' .
He subsequently modelled the establishment of King 's and Eton College upon the successful formation of Wykeham 's institutions .
The choir sings services on most days in term-time , and also performs concerts and makes recordings and broadcasts .
The Chapel features the world 's largest fan vault , stained glass windows , and the painting `` The Adoration of the Magi '' by Rubens .
It was described by German journalist Karl Brugger , based on interviews with a self-proclaimed Brazilian Indian chieftain Tatunca Nara in his book The Chronicle of Akakor -LRB- 1976 -RRB- .
Le Molay-Littry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In this first systematic treatise on glass , he again refers to the use of lead glass in enamels , glassware , and for the imitation of precious stones . Christopher Merrett translated this into English in 1662 -LRB- The Art of Glass -RRB- , paving the way for the production of English lead crystal glass by George Ravenscroft .
The lead oxide used in lead glass could be obtained from a variety of sources .
The arrondissement consists of four communes : Port-de-Paix , Bassin Bleu , Chansolme and Tortuga Island .
Port-de-Paix -LRB- PÃ depÃ or PÃ dpÃ in KrÃ yÃ l -RRB- is a city and the capital of the dÃ partement of Nord-Ouest in HaÃ ti on the Atlantic coast .
A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island -LRB- La Tortue -RRB- situated just across the water .
Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement of the same name .
Du Quoin is a city in Perry County , Illinois , United States .
Another Code : Two Memories , released in North America as Trace Memory , is a 2005 adventure video game developed by Cing and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS portable video game console .
The game 's protagonist is Ashley Mizuki Robbins , a 13 year old girl who has been raised by her aunt , Jessica , because her parents vanished when she was three years old .
Miamisburg -LRB- mye-AM-ees-burg -RRB- is a city in Montgomery County , Ohio , United States .
The British Rail Class 21 was a type of Type 2 diesel-electric locomotive built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow for British Railways in 1958-1960 .
Since 2007 , the Class 21 TOPS classification has been reused for new Vossloh G1206 locomotives acquired by Euro Cargo Rail\/EWS .
According to Galen , these elements were used by Hippocrates in describing the human body with an association with the four humors : yellow bile -LRB- fire -RRB- , black bile -LRB- earth -RRB- , blood -LRB- air -RRB- , and phlegm -LRB- water -RRB- .
One classic diagram -LRB- above -RRB- has one square inscribed in the other , with the corners of one being the classical elements , and the corners of the other being the properties .
In Chinese philosophy the universe consists of heaven and earth , heaven being made of qi and earth being made of the five elements -LRB- in the Chinese view , the attributes and properties of the Western and Indian Air element are equivalent to that of Wood , where the element of Ether is often seen as a correspondent to Metal -RRB- . The five major planets are associated with and named after the elements : Venus é ` æ is Metal -LRB- é ` -RRB- , Jupiter æ æ is Wood -LRB- æ -RRB- , Mercury æ æ is Water -LRB- æ -RRB- , Mars ç `` æ is Fire -LRB- ç `` -RRB- , and Saturn å æ is Earth -LRB- å -RRB- .
Beauraing is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
At the February 26 session on the case of the March 22 , 2000 assassination attempt against Arkadi Ghukasyan in Stepanakert , the sentences for the 16 defendants were read out loud .
Babayan was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Tetsuya Ito -LRB- born 1 October 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Selah is a city in Yakima County , Washington , United States .
He was a member of the House of Habsburg .
Rudolf II of Austria -LRB- July 18 , 1552 â `` January 20 , 1612 -RRB- , Holy Roman Emperor as Rudolf II -LRB- 1576 â `` 1612 -RRB- , King of Hungary and Croatia , as Rudolf -LRB- 1572 â `` 1608 -RRB- , King of Bohemia as Rudolf II -LRB- 1575 â `` 1608\/1611 -RRB- and Archduke of Austria as Rudolf V -LRB- 1576 â `` 1608 -RRB- .
Chitral -LRB- or ChitrÄ l -RRB- was a princely state of Pakistan and British India until 1969 .
The area of the state now forms the Chitral District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
Kesswil is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The ink is later made visible by different methods according to the type of invisible ink used .
One can obtain toy invisible ink pens which have two tipsâ '' one tip for invisible ink writing , and another tip for developing the ink . Also , invisible ink is sometimes used to print parts of pictures or text in books for children to play with , particularly while they are traveling .
Some species of lizard also utilize bright colors , such as the iridescent patches on the belly of Sceloporus .
The particular innovation in this respect is the dewlap , a brightly colored patch of skin on the throat , usually hidden between scales .
When a display is needed , the lizards erect the hyoid bone of their throat , resulting in a large vertical flap of brightly colored skin beneath the head which can be then used for communication .
Sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication , and , as such , many lizards have highly acute color vision .
Most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures , and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
These colors would be highly visible to predators , so are often hidden on the underside or between scales and only revealed when necessary .
Following the establishment of the devolved Scottish Parliament in 1999 , he was elected MSP for Banff and Buchan , thus simultaneously representing the area as both Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- and MSP . Salmond resigned as SNP leader in 2000 and did not seek re-election to the Scottish Parliament .
In 2006 he announced his intention to contest the Gordon constituency in the 2007 Scottish Parliament election , an election in which Salmond defeated the incumbent MSP and in which nationally , the SNP emerged as the largest single party . Salmond was voted First Minister by the Scottish Parliament on 16 May 2007 .
Alexander Elliot Anderson `` Alex '' Salmond MSP -LRB- ; born 31 December 1954 -RRB- is a Scottish politician , the fourth and current First Minister of Scotland .
As of , the English Wikipedia has administrators .
Sanders is a city in Carroll County , Kentucky , United States .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 kmÂ .
Mede borders the following municipalities : Frascarolo , Gambarana , Lomello , Pieve del Cairo , Sartirana Lomellina , Semiana , Torre Beretti e Castellaro , Villa Biscossi .
Mede is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia .
Hermes was born on Mount Cyllene in Arcadia .
According to the Homeric Hymn to Hermes , Zeus in the dead of night secretly raped Maia , a nymph and begot Hermes upon her .
It is the sixth book in the Redwall series .
Martin the Warrior is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1993 .
A controversy exists in regard to whether or not any parts of the historic region of Macedonia are incorporated in the present-day Republic of Macedonia , as very little if any of the ancient Macedonian kingdom is .
The Roman province of Macedonia consisted of what is today Northern and Central Greece , much of the geographical area of the present-day Republic of Macedonia and southeast Albania .
He mentions cities and islands that were under Ottoman possession as composing the Great Idea -LRB- Greek : Î Î Î Î Î '' Î Î Î Î Î -RRB- which meant the reconstruction of the classical Greek world or the revival of the Byzantine Empire .
The Menai Strait -LRB- , the `` River Menai '' -RRB- is a narrow stretch of shallow tidal water about 25 km -LRB- 16 miles -RRB- long , which separates the island of Anglesey from the mainland of Wales .
Yosa Buson or Yosa no Buson was a Japanese poet and painter from the Edo period .
Along with Matsuo BashÅ and Kobayashi Issa , Buson is considered among the greatest poets of the Edo Period .
Citrus County was created in 1887 .
Its county seat is Inverness , Florida .
As of 2000 , the population was 118,085 .
Citrus County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Royan has five sandy beaches , a marina and a fishing port .
Verchin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Most commercial aircraft are flown below the tropopause or `` trop '' if at all possible to take advantage of the troposphere 's temperature lapse rate .
The Yugoslavia national football team represented the Kingdom of Yugoslavia -LRB- 1918 â `` 1943 -RRB- and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia -LRB- 1946 â `` 1992 -RRB- in association football .
Bey is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In Bangladesh , there was a closure of several sweatshops which had been run by a German company , and as a result , thousands of Bangladeshi children who had been working in those sweatshops ended up working as prostitutes , turning to crime , or starving to death . In Pakistan , several sweatshops , including ones run by Nike , Reebok , and other corporations , were closed , which caused those Pakistani children to turn to prostitution .
Saint-Martin-d â Hardinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The original Temple of Jupiter was still awaiting restoration when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 , burying the town of Pompeii under lava and ash .
As the most important divinity in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad -LRB- consisting of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva -RRB- in towns newly conquered by the Romans .
It maintained much of its autonomy , however , until the Italic Revolt against Rome at the beginning of the 1st century BC .
The temple structure had been built in 150 BC to dominate the forum , and it became Pompeii 's main temple after the Roman conquest .
Pompeii was occupied by the Romans beginning in 310 BC .
This held true for Pompeii , where the previously existing Temple of Jupiter was enlarged and Romanized upon conquest .
The excavated temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
In 62 an earthquake shook the city of Pompeii , destroying much of the Temple of Jupiter .
The interior of the temple contained the cella , which held the statues of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva , and which only the priests were permitted to enter .
Pompeii was transformed into a much more public and open place .
The architecture of the town had been largely influenced by the Greeks , but Roman rule would soon lead to alterations in this style .
Jupiter was the ruler of the gods and the protector of Rome , where his temple was the center of Roman Religion and of the cult of state .
After this , the much smaller Temple of Jupiter Meilichios became the main seat of worship to Jupiter and the Capitoline Triad .
The Temple of Jupiter , Capitolium , or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a temple in Roman Pompeii , at the north end of its forum .
Initially dedicated to Jupiter alone , it was erected in the mid 2nd century BC at the same time as the temple of Apollo was being renovated - this was the era at which Roman influence over Pompeii increased and so Roman Jupiter superseded the Greek Apollo as the town 's highest god .
Public buildings and spaces would come to dominate the city .
Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks is a ranking in Billboard magazine of the most-played songs on mainstream rock radio stations , a category that includes stations that play primarily rock music . Modern rock -LRB- i.e. , `` alternative '' -RRB- tracks are counted in the Alternative Songs chart .
Kensett is a city in Worth County , Iowa , United States .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklewarn .
A window will appear with the following options :
To configure Twinkle , copy the text below and paste it in your skin script file .
Anything for Deletion - Use this tab to nominate a page for deletion in one of the following categories , if it may not meet requirements for inclusion on Wikipedia , but does not meet speedy deletion requirements .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinkleprotect .
Similar to batch image deletion , but for normal pages instead .
Similar to batch deletion , but protects the pages instead .
Note that you will be presented with a different list if the article is in the Image namespace .
Defines the maximum of revision to query .
Defines if the talk page , if it exists , also should be deleted on speedy delete .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklediff .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklebatchprotect .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklefluff .
When changing settings , make sure not to remove the semicolon from the end of each line .
Clicking Submit will post the chosen warning to the user 's talk page and then refresh the page in your browser .
If you just want to use one or more of the individual modules , they are listed here with their dependencies .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklebatchdelete .
To use , first click the warn tab .
Defines if adding a tag should be marked as a minor edit .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklexfd .
The server limit is 50 .
This functions similarly to the warn tab .
Most features that Twinkle gives are available to all users who have installed it .
Used for heavily vandalized articles or for articles that are current and likely will have traffic due to a real-life occurrence .
Installing Twinkle is easy .
Defines what types of speedy deletions actions should result in the page to be added to your watchlist .
Request for Page Protection - Sends a request for protection to the page of the same name .
Defines if warning to an anonymous IP address should be accompanied with a shared IP notice .
CSD stands for Criteria for Speedy Deletion .
Do not add these if you 've already chosen the complete script , as they would just be duplicates .
importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/morebits .
If Orphan backlinks is checked , all backlinks to this page or image instances of the particular image are removed .
Argument is a boolean , default to ' .
Each line contains a specific setting which is described below .
Refer to the Installation section of the script 's page for easy-to-follow instructions .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklespeedy .
If you believe an article meets a criterion for criteria for speedy deletion , click on the tab , and select the appropriate reason .
On user talk pages , the warn tab allows you to leave one of a variety of warning messages on a user 's talk page .
Twinkle will add the appropriate notice on the article 's page , and in most cases , will automatically put a notice on the talk page of the editor who created the article .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklearv .
Valid values are the normalized CSD criteria -LRB- g1 , a1 , etc. -RRB- .
Defines if the welcome should be added to the top or bottom of the user 's talk page .
Argument is a String , default to ' .
Defines if talk page should be opened when calling revert from a user 's contributions page . This is because from there , actions may be multiple , and opening the talk page not suitable .
For admins , the default action for csd is to delete the page .
Once Twinkle is installed , you will be presented with a number of additional tabs or links , depending on the page you are on .
Defines the ad that will be appended to the edit summary when doing all other actions .
One option offered -LRB- TwinkleConfig . deleteSysopDefaultToTag -RRB- turns it into the other behavior - to tag the page for deletion .
When on any user namespace page , or on Special : Contributions\/USER , click this button to report them to administrators for several possible infractions :
It 's used often as an emergency option against heavy multiple-page vandalism .
Defines if backlinks to a page should be eliminated , by a limit to namespace 0 and 100 -LRB- mainspace and portals -RRB- .
This will automatically tag the article , create an entry , add the entry to the log , and notify the article creator of the nomination .
As a result of a twentieth-century effort by architects and decorators to strip the parlor of its burial and mourning associations , helped by the advent of funeral parlors , in most homes the parlor has been replaced by the living room .
The `` inner parlors '' in 1 Chronicles 28:11 in the Bible were the small rooms or chambers which Solomon built all round two sides and one end of the Temple -LRB- 1 Kings 6:5 -RRB- , `` side chambers '' , or they may have been , as some think , the porch and the holy place .
In modern use , the parlor is a formal sitting room in a large house or mansion .
The term Parlour has even been seen to describe a coffee shop as the `` coffee parlor . ''
It was generally located in the west range of the buildings of the cloister , close to the main entrance .
In the late nineteenth century , it was often a formal room used only on Sundays or special occasions , and closed during the week .
Parlour -LRB- or parlor -RRB- , from the French word parloir , from parler -LRB- `` to speak '' -RRB- , denotes an `` audience chamber '' .
`` Parlour '' is also used in other settings , such as `` Beer parlor '' , wine parlor , or , in at least one case , `` Spaghetti parlor . ''
The ` outer parlor ' was the room where the monks or nuns could receive a visitor and conduct business with outsiders .
The ` inner parlor ' was located off the cloister next to the chapter house in the east range of the monastery .
In medieval Christian usage , the parlor was one of two rooms in a monastery .
`` Parlour '' is also used in other settings , such as `` Beer parlor '' , wine parlor , or , in at least one case , `` Spaghetti parlor . '' The term Parlour has even been seen to describe a coffee shop as the `` coffee parlor . ''
The parlor contained a family 's best furnishings , works of art and other display items .
Most orders required a general silence in the cloister , which was the place where the monks engaged in study , and the inner parlor was a convenient place for the monks to engage in conversation freely .
San Diego State University -LRB- SDSU -RRB- , founded in 1897 as San Diego Normal School , is the largest and oldest higher education facility in the greater San Diego area -LRB- generally the City and County of San Diego -RRB- , and is part of the California State University system .
Shunichiro Zaitsu -LRB- born 23 January 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Ferguson is a city in Pulaski County , Kentucky , United States , just south of downtown Somerset .
The Pontiac Vibe is a compact hatchback car that was produced in Fremont , California , in the United States by NUMMI -LRB- New United Motor Manufacturing , Inc -RRB- , a joint venture between General Motors and Toyota , and marketed under General Motors ' Pontiac brand .
The Vibe was the mechanical counterpart of the Toyota Matrix and was based on the Toyota Corolla 's E-platform .
The Vibe was made right-hand drive and exported to the Japanese market as the Toyota Voltz from 2002 to 2004 .
Laires is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In the United States Cinco de Mayo has taken on a significance beyond that in Mexico .
Similar to those holidays , Cinco de Mayo is observed by many Americans regardless of ethnic origin .
As far away as the island of Malta , in the Mediterranean Sea , revelers are encouraged to drink Mexican beer on May 5 .
Special events and celebrations highlight Mexican culture , especially in its music and regional dancing .
Events tied to Cinco de Mayo also occur outside Mexico and the United States .
For example , a sky-diving club near Vancouver , Canada , holds a Cinco de Mayo skydiving event .
Cinco de Mayo -LRB- Spanish for `` fifth of May '' -RRB- is a holiday held on May 5 that commemorates the Mexican army 's unlikely victory over French forces at the Battle of Puebla on May 5 , 1862 , under the leadership of General Ignacio Zaragoza SeguÃ n. It is celebrated primarily in the state of Puebla and in the United States .
To celebrate , many display Cinco de Mayo banners while school districts hold special events to educate pupils about its historical significance .
Cinco de Mayo is not Mexico 's Independence Day , the most important national patriotic holiday in Mexico .
Celebrations tend to draw both from traditional Mexican symbols , such as the Virgen de Guadalupe , and from prominent figures of Mexican descent in the United States , including CÃ sar ChÃ vez .
Examples include baile folklÃ rico and mariachi demonstrations held annually at the Plaza del Pueblo de Los Angeles , near Olvera Street .
Cinco de Mayo is a regional holiday limited primarily to the state of Puebla .
The date is perhaps best recognized in the United States as a date to celebrate the culture and experiences of Americans of Mexican ancestry , much as St. Patrick 's Day , Oktoberfest , and the Chinese New Year are used to celebrate those of Irish , German , and Chinese ancestry respectively .
In the Cayman Islands , in the Caribbean , there is an annual Cinco de Mayo air guitar competition .
Cacabelos is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo -LRB- province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain -RRB- .
According to the 2008 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , Cacabelos has a population of 5,477 inhabitants .
Lommis is a municipality in the district of MÃ 1\/4 nchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Before the opening of the Los Angeles Aqueduct , the river was the primary source of fresh water for the city .
The Los Angeles River also flows through several Los Angeles County communities and has been featured in many Hollywood films .
There are also plans for a series of parks along the river 's city frontage in Los Angeles . The Los Angeles River also flows through several Los Angeles County communities and has been featured in many Hollywood films .
These tattoos were thought to be a form of healing because of their placement which resembles acupuncture .
The American Academy of Dermatology distinguishes 5 types of tattoos : Traumatic tattoos , also called `` natural tattoos '' , that result from injuries , especially asphalt from road injuries or pencil lead ; Amateur tattoos ; Professional tattoos , both via traditional methods and modern tattoo machines ; Medical tattoos ; Cosmetic tattoos , also known as `` permanent makeup '' .
A goitre or goiter -LRB- Latin gutteria , struma -RRB- , is a swelling in the thyroid gland , which can lead to a swelling of the neck or larynx -LRB- voice box -RRB- .
Following Edward II 's death , Robert the Bruce invaded Northern England and , on 1 May 1328 , forced the adolescent Edward III of England to sign the Treaty of Edinburgh-Northampton which recognized the independence of Scotland with Bruce as King .
Pandita Ramabai -LRB- 23 April 1858 , Gangamoola - 5 April 1922 -RRB- was an Indian Christian social reformer and activist .
Prince Adam Stefan StanisÅ aw Bonfatiusz JÃ zef Sapieha -LRB- ; 14 May 1867 â `` 23 July 1951 -RRB- was a Polish cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of KrakÃ w. Between 1922 â `` 1923 he was a senator of the Second Rzeczpospolita .
In August 1944 , Sapieha was forced to operate the Polish seminary in secret due the Nazi occupation . He moved his seminarians -LRB- including the future Pope John Paul II , Karol WojtyÅ a -RRB- into his episcopal residence to finish their training .
Father Sapieha did pastoral work in the Diocese of Lemberg , in whose seminary he served as a faculty member for four years until becoming its rector .
On 1 November 1946 he conferred priestly ordination on Karol WojtyÅ a in the chapel of his episcopal residence .
He was created Cardinal Priest , of the title of Santa Maria Nuova , on 18 February 1946 .
Sapieha knew Karol WojtyÅ a -LRB- later John Paul II -RRB- was destined to become a priest when a young Karol delivered a welcoming speech during the archbishop 's visit to his school .
He was educated at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome , where he was also ordained as priest on 1 October 1893 by Bishop Jan Puzyna de Kosielsko -LRB- later Bishop of KrakÃ w and Cardinal -RRB- .
He was the youngest of the seven children of Prince Adam StanisÅ aw Sapieha-Kodenski and Princess Jadwiga Klementyna Sanguszko-Lubartowicza .
Headingley railway station -LRB- formerly known as Headingley and Kirkstall railway station until some point early in the 20th Century -RRB- is off Kirkstall Lane in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England on the Harrogate Line 3 m north west of Leeds .
Sonoma Coast State Beach is a State of California property in Sonoma County consisting of public access use on lands adjoining the Pacific Ocean . This extent of beach runs from a coastal point about 4 m north of Jenner and continues for approximately 17 m to the south to terminate at Bodega Head .
Beginning in the 2009 NFL season , Green will serve as a color analyst on regional NFL games for the Fox network , as well as a studio analyst for the NFL Total Access show on the NFL Network .
He played college football at Indiana University .
He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the eighth round of the 1993 NFL Draft .
Trent Jason Green -LRB- born July 9 , 1970 in Cedar Rapids , Iowa -RRB- is a retired professional American football quarterback .
Green played for the BC Lions , Washington Redskins , St. Louis Rams , Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins .
He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Rams and was selected to two Pro Bowls with the Chiefs .
Alfa was only manufacturer who made a car for this series before it was canceled . Only one chassis with an Alfa Romeo V10 was built by Motor Racing Developments Ltd. , the company behind the Brabham Formula One team , which was owned by Alfa Romeo at the time .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is an executive car with saloon body , produced by the Italian automaker Alfa Romeo from 1987 to 1998 .
Over 18,000 Medals were awarded .
The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognize achievements in Australian sport .
Recipients of the award included competitors , coaches , sports scientists , office holders , and people who maintained sporting facilities and services .
Alexandra David-N Ã el born Louise EugÃ nie Alexandrine Marie David -LRB- born in Saint-Mand Ã , Val-de-Marne on 24 October 1868 , and died in Digne-les-Bains , on 8 September 1969 -RRB- was a Belgian-French explorer , anarchist , spiritualist , Buddhist and writer , most known for her visit to Lhasa , Tibet , in 1924 , when it was forbidden to foreigners .
It is situated 10 km northwest of Tirschenreuth , and 17 km southwest of Cheb .
Mitterteich is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth , in Bavaria , Germany .
Saint-Thomas is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In February 2007 Bilan started to record his first international album in English in Los Angeles , Miami and in Philadelphia in collaboration with producer Jim Beanz and Ryan Tedder .
One of the new tracks will be a duet with one of Timbaland 's most successful artists , Nelly Furtado .
Bilan represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with `` Never Let You Go '' , finishing second , and he won the contest in 2008 , with the song `` Believe '' .
On 24 May 2008 , Bilan won first place in the contest , receiving 272 points and seven twelves .
In essence , a change in the environment brings about change in `` needs '' -LRB- besoins -RRB- , resulting in change in behavior , bringing change in organ usage and development , bringing change in form over time -- and thus the gradual transmutation of the species .
However , as historians of science such as Michael Ghiselin and Stephen Jay Gould have pointed out , none of these views were original to Lamarck .
The identification of Lamarckism with the inheritance of acquired characteristics is regarded by some as an artifact of the subsequent history of evolutionary thought , repeated in textbooks without analysis .
Stephen Jay Gould wrote that late 19th century evolutionists `` re-read Lamarck , cast aside the guts of it ... and elevated one aspect of the mechanics - inheritance of acquired characters - to a central focus it never had for Lamarck himself . ''
Gould advocated defining `` Lamarckism '' more broadly , in line with Lamarck 's overall evolutionary theory .
He argued that `` the restriction of `` Lamarckism '' to this relatively small and non-distinctive corner of Lamarck 's thought must be labeled as more than a misnomer , and truly a discredit to the memory of a man and his much more comprehensive system '' .
On the contrary , Lamarck 's contribution was a systematic theoretical framework for understanding evolution .
The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for Coldplay 's debut album , Parachutes .
`` Trouble '' is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay .
Sexual abstinence is the practice of refraining from some or all aspects of sexual activity for medical , psychological , legal , social or religious reasons .
The Romania national football team is the national football team of Romania and is controlled by the Romanian Football Federation .
Dorna Candrenilor is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Greer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Mangum .
As of 2000 , the population was 6,061 .
These were the first serious technical applications of artificial evolution , an important subset of the still growing field of bionics .
His awards include the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Evolutionary Programming Society -LRB- US , 1995 -RRB- and the Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award of the IEEE Neural Networks Society -LRB- US , 2002 -RRB- .
Since 1972 he has been a full professor at the Technical University of Berlin , where he is heading the Department of Bionics and Evolution Techniques .
In the 1960s and 1970s he invented a highly influential set of optimization methods known as evolution strategies -LRB- from German Evolutionsstrategie -RRB- .
Rechenberg is a pioneer of the fields of evolutionary computation and artificial evolution .
Rechenberg was educated at the Technical University of Berlin and at the University of Cambridge .
Ingo Rechenberg -LRB- born January 20 , 1934 in Berlin -RRB- is a German computer scientist and professor .
In 1954 , Rechenberg also became world champion in the field of model aeroplanes .
His group successfully applied the new algorithms to challenging problems such as aerodynamic wing design .
Eps is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Population of the Municipality of Ioannina .
It has the highest elevation of any market town in England .
Located close to the county boundary with Cheshire to the west and Staffordshire to the south , Buxton is described as `` the gateway to the Peak District National Park '' .
Findings of coins indicate that the Romans were in Buxton throughout their occupation .
The Dukes of Devonshire have been closely involved with Buxton since 1780 , when the 5th Duke used the profits from his copper mines to develop the town as a spa in the style of Bath .
The town largely grew in importance in the late 18th century when it was developed by the Dukes of Devonshire , with a second resurgence a century later as the Victorians were drawn to the reputed healing properties of the waters .
Buxton is a spa town in Derbyshire , England .
Buxton is within the sphere of influence of Greater Manchester due to its close proximity to the area .
The Buxton Mineral Water Company -LRB- owned by Nestle -RRB- and Buxton Spring Ltd extract and bottle mineral waters in Buxton .
Buxton is home to Poole 's Cavern , an extensive limestone cavern open to the public , and St Ann 's Well , fed by the geothermal spring bottled and sold internationally by Buxton Mineral Water Company .
Buxton is twinned with two other towns : Oignies in France and Bad Nauheim in Germany .
Their ancestor Bess of Hardwick had taken one of her four husbands , the Earl of Shrewsbury , to `` take the waters '' at Buxton shortly after he became the gaoler of Mary , Queen of Scots , in 1569 , and they took Mary there in 1573 â '' she called Buxton `` La Fontagne de Bogsby '' , but stayed at the site of the Old Hall Hotel .
Two of Charles Darwin 's half-cousins , Edward Levett Darwin and Reginald Darwin also decided to settle there .
The Romans developed the settlement when it was known as Aquae Arnemetiae -LRB- or the spa of the goddess of the grove -RRB- .
Instrumental in the popularity of Buxton was the recommendation by Dr. Erasmus Darwin of the waters at Buxton and Matlock to Josiah Wedgwood I. The Wedgwood family subsequently often journeyed to Buxton on holiday and recommended the area to their friends .
Mark Richard Hamill -LRB- born September 25 , 1951 -RRB- is an American actor , voice artist , producer , director , and writer .
Hamill is best known for his role as Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars trilogy .
The ISTD is an awarding body recognized by the Qualifications and Curriculum Authority and the Council for Dance Education and Training and is also a member of the British Dance Council .
The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing -LRB- ISTD -RRB- is a leading dance teaching and examination board based in London , England and operating internationally .
The idea of medal tests first came from another dance teaching organization , but it was the ISTD , which first developed the widespread use of the medal test system throughout the UK and internationally . The present day ISTD is a government recognized dance teaching organization and examination board , which trains and certifies teachers to deliver its syllabus to students in both private and mainstream dance education .
The ISTD provides training in a range of dance styles , with examination syllabi for students , and training courses for people wishing to become certified dance teachers .
Established on 25 July 1904 as the Imperial Society of Dance Teachers , it changed to its current name in 1925 and is now a registered educational charity .
, also called a Gunterâ s link , is a unit of length in the imperial system .
In the English-speaking world prior to the 20th century , links were commonly used for this function but are rarely used now .
The population was 41,138 at the 2000 census .
Moore is a city in Cleveland County , Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area .
Le Pontet is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
In Etruscan mythology , Ani is god of the sky .
He is identified as residing in the highest heaven and is sometimes depicted with two faces , possibly equating with the Akkadian god Anu and the Roman god Janus .
Human fertility depends on factors of nutrition , sexual behavior , culture , instinct , endocrinology , timing , economics , way of life , and emotions .
Fertility differs from fecundity , which is defined as the potential for reproduction -LRB- influenced by gamete production , fertilisation and carrying a pregnancy to term -RRB- .
As a measure , `` fertility rate '' is the number of children born per couple , person or population .
Doctors recommend that women over 30 who have been unsuccessful in trying to conceive for more than 6 months undergo some kind of fertility testing .
Larissa Hope Wilson -LRB- born May 5 , 1989 -RRB- is a British television and film actress who attends John Cabot Academy in Kingswood , near Bristol , England .
She is best known for her role as Jal Fazer in the first two seasons of Skins .
They are contained within the middle ear space and serve to transmit sounds from the air to the fluid-filled labyrinth -LRB- cochlea -RRB- .
These are ossified portions of cartilage -- called Meckel 's cartilage -- that are attached to the jaw .
These correspond to the quadrate , prearticular , articular , and angular structures in the reptile jaw .
The structure is known as the middle ear , and is made up of the incus , stapes , malleus , and tympanic membrane .
Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary , which is part of the jaw .
Later in development , the bone structure breaks loose from the jaw and migrates to the inner ear area .
Terms that , in Latin , are translated as the hammer , the anvil , and the stirrup .
The absence of the auditory ossicles would constitute a moderate-to-severe hearing loss .
The ossicles -LRB- also called auditory ossicles -RRB- are the three smallest bones in the human body .
The ossicles are , in order from the eardrum to the inner ear -LRB- biologically\/medically from superficial to deep -RRB- , the malleus , incus , and stapes .
As the embryo develops , the cartilage hardens to form bone .
The absence of the auditory ossicles would constitute a moderate-to-severe hearing loss . The term `` ossicles '' literally means `` tiny bones '' and commonly refers to the auditory ossicles , though the term may refer to any small bone throughout the body .
The song `` Army of Me '' was the first single of BjÃ rk 's second album Post . BjÃ rk explained ,
Divion is a commune and in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The enormous interest in the Gold compilation saw the release of More ABBA Gold : More ABBA Hits in 1993 .
The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , is one of two Polish institutions having the nature of an academy of sciences .
In 1989 , the Polish Academy of Learning , in KrakÃ w , resumed its independent existence , separate from the Polish Academy of Sciences , in Warsaw .
The Academy has also , operating through its committees , become a major scientific advisory body .
The Polish Academy of Sciences functions as a learned society acting through an elected corporation of leading scholars and research institutions .
Not all of the causes of cervical cancer are known .
Swindon play their home games at The County Ground which has a capacity of 14,700 .
Established on 28 September 1993 , after breaking away from the established Swindon Spitfires Women 's and Girls ' Football Club the current Swindon Town Ladies Football Club -LRB- STLFC -RRB- first team play in the South West Combination Women 's Football League and reached the first round proper of the FA Women 's Cup for the second time in their history during the 2006 -- 07 season . Swindon Town Ladies currently their home games at the Weir Field in Wroughton , on the outskirts of Swindon .
Swindon Town Football Club is a team based in Swindon , Wiltshire .
Jonathan Mark Buckland -LRB- born 11 September 1977 -RRB- , known as Jonny Buckland , is an English guitarist and musician , best known as the lead guitarist of the band Coldplay .
In addition to these Nmap can provide further information on targets , including reverse DNS names , device types , and MAC addresses .
Nmap runs on Linux , Microsoft Windows , Solaris , HP-UX and BSD variants -LRB- including Mac OS X -RRB- , and also on AmigaOS and SGI IRIX .
The usual technique is to hold one lightly with the thumb and fingertips of the non-dominant hand , with the palm up . This forms the hand into a resonating chamber for the clave .
Twenty-six of these 0-6-0 locomotives were ordered in January 1963 , to be built at British Railways Swindon Works .
The order was expanded to 56 in mid-1963 , before work had started on the first order .
The British Rail Class 14 is a type of small diesel-hydraulic locomotive built in the mid-1960s .
The anticipated work for this class was yard shunting , trip work -LRB- between local yards -RRB- and short distance freight trains .
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Named after Ingrid Daubechies , the Daubechies wavelets are a family of orthogonal wavelets defining a discrete wavelet transform and characterized by a maximal number of vanishing moments for some given support .
Noron-la-Poterie is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Beech -LRB- Fagus -RRB- is a genus of ten species of deciduous trees in the family Fagaceae , native to temperate Europe , Asia and North America .
Folders are often depicted with icons which visually resemble physical file folders .
Files are kept organized by storing related files in the same folder . The folder can also be referred to as the root .
A folder contained inside another folder is called a subfolder or subdirectory or child of that folder . Together , the folders form a hierarchy , or tree structure .
Since its introduction the class has been successful and has been sold to British and other European railway companies . In Continental Europe it is marketed as the EMD Series 66 -LRB- JT42CWR -RRB- .
November 22 , 1993 â `` May 4 , 1997 Bill Clinton
February 14 , 1977 â `` January 20 , 1981 Jimmy Carter
Gordon Gray April 28 , 1949 â `` April 12 , 1950 Harry S. Truman
Robert M. Walker -LRB- acting -RRB- December 2 , 1997 â `` July 1 , 1998 Bill Clinton
The Secretary of the Army -LRB- SA or SECARMY -RRB- is a civilian official within the Department of Defense of the United States of America with statutory responsibility for all matters relating to the United States Army : manpower , personnel , reserve affairs , installations , environmental issues , weapons systems and equipment acquisition , communications , and financial management .
Stanley R. Resor July 2 , 1965 â `` June 30 , 1971 Lyndon B. Johnson , Richard Nixon
Cyrus Roberts Vance July 5 , 1962 â `` January 21 , 1964 John F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson
The Secretary of the Army is nominated by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate , the Secretary of the Army is a non-Cabinet position serving under the Secretary of Defense .
Wilber Marion Brucker July 21 , 1955 â `` January 19 , 1961 Dwight D. Eisenhower
Kenneth Claiborne Royall September 18 , 1947 â `` April 27 , 1949 Harry S. Truman
Elvis Jacob Stahr , Jr. .
Robert Ten Broeck Stevens February 4 , 1953 â `` July 21 , 1955 Dwight D. Eisenhower
Michael P. W. Stone August 14 , 1989 â `` January 20 , 1993 George H. W. Bush
Martin R. Hoffmann August 5 , 1975 â `` January 20 , 1977 Gerald Ford
Togo D. West , Jr. .
Frank Pace April 12 , 1950 â `` January 20 , 1953 Harry S. Truman
Howard H. Callaway May 15 , 1973 â `` July 3 , 1975 Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford
January 24 , 1961 â `` June 30 , 1962 John F. Kennedy
Gregory R. Dahlberg -LRB- acting -RRB- January 20 , 2001 â `` March 4 , 2001 George W. Bush
Clifford L. Alexander , Jr. .
Thomas E. White May 31 , 2001 â `` May 9 , 2003 George W. Bush
Robert F. Froehlke July 1 , 1971 â `` May 14 , 1973 Richard Nixon
This position was created on September 18 , 1947 , replacing the Secretary of War , when the Department of War became the Department of the Army and was made a department within the new Department of Defense .
John O. Marsh , Jr. .
January 30 , 1981 â `` August 14 , 1989 Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush
Pete Geren March 9 , 2007 â `` September 21 , 2009 George W. Bush , Barack Obama
Joseph W. Westphal -LRB- acting -RRB- March 5 , 2001 â `` May 31 , 2001 George W. Bush
Stephen Ailes January 28 , 1964 â `` July 1 , 1965 Lyndon B. Johnson
Francis J. Harvey November 19 , 2004 â `` March 9 , 2007 George W. Bush
Les Brownlee -LRB- acting -RRB- May 10 , 2003 â `` November 18 , 2004 George W. Bush
At the 2000 census the population was 4,499 .
Rainsville is a city in DeKalb County , Alabama , United States .
Rainsville was incorporated in October 1956 .
Aliaune Badara Akon Thiam -LRB- ; born April 16 , 1973 -RRB- , better known as simply Akon , is a Senegalese-American R&B recording artist and songwriter .
Velvet Revolver is an American hard rock supergroup consisting of former Guns N ' Roses members Slash , Duff McKagan , and Matt Sorum , alongside Dave Kushner formerly of punk band Wasted Youth .
`` 30,000 Pounds of Bananas '' , sometimes spelled `` Thirty-Thousand Pounds of Bananas '' , is a song by Harry Chapin from his 1974 album , Verities & Balderdash .
At the 2000 census the population was 2,951 .
Hanceville is a city in Cullman County , Alabama , United States .
Bulletproof Monk is a 2003 action film starring Chow Yun-fat , Seann William Scott and Jaime King .
Noaillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
For example , in the 2004 United States presidential election , George W. Bush was the incumbent , because he was the president in the current term while the election sought to determine the president for the following term .
Where clarification is needed , a fortified chÃ cents teau -LRB- that is , a castle -RRB- is called a chÃ cents teau fort , such as ChÃ cents teau fort de Roquetaillade . Care should be taken when translating the word chÃ cents teau into English .
For example , the ChÃ cents teau de Versailles is so called because it was located in the countryside when it was built , but it does not bear any resemblance to a castle , so it is usually known in English as the Palace of Versailles .
Where clarification is needed , a fortified chÃ cents teau -LRB- that is , a castle -RRB- is called a chÃ cents teau fort , such as ChÃ cents teau fort de Roquetaillade .
It is not used in the same way as `` castle '' , and most chÃ cents teaux are described in English as `` palaces '' or `` country houses '' rather than `` castles '' .
A chÃ cents teau -LRB- plural chÃ cents teaux ; for both the singular and the plural -RRB- is a manor house or residence of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry , with or without fortifications , originallyâ '' and still most frequentlyâ '' in French-speaking regions .
PlzeÅ skÃ 1\/2 Prazdroj -LRB- , Original Source of Pilsner -RRB- , known better by its German name Pilsner Urquell , is a bottom-fermented beer produced since 1842 in Pilsen , Bohemia .
In 1898 , they also registered Original Pilsner Bier 1842 , PlzeÅ skÃ 1\/2 pramen , Prapramen , MÄ Å Å anskÃ PlzeÅ skÃ , PlzeÅ skÃ 1\/2 pravÃ 1\/2 zdroj and finally Pilsner Urquell and PlzeÅ skÃ 1\/2 Prazdroj which are in use today .
To obtain a reasonably stable output voltage the output current should be a small fraction of the input current .
The voltage output of a voltage divider is not fixed but varies according to the load .
Voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider .
In electronics , a voltage divider -LRB- also known as a potential divider -RRB- is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage -LRB- Vout -RRB- that is a fraction of its input voltage -LRB- Vin -RRB- .
Mionnay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The government acquired the land from the Hudson 's Bay Company in 1870 and split it from the Northwest Territories in 1898 to fill the need for local government created by the population influx of the gold rush .
The territory was created from the rump of the Hudson Bay Company 's North-Western Territory in 1898 as `` the Yukon '' .
Around March 2004 , a friend funded 300 copies of a 7 '' red vinyl single `` Graffiti '' and later released a vinyl of their tracks -LRB- `` The Coast Is Always Changing '' \/ `` The Night I Lost My Head '' -RRB- that they recorded in their house in Fenham .
After some time of doing gigs around their home town , Steve Beckett of the dance-electronic label Warp Records got hold of one of these records and decided to sign the band to his label .
Cacao is commercially valued as the source of cocoa and chocolate .
Theobroma species are used as food plants by the larvae of some moths of the genus Endoclita including E. chalybeatus , E. damor , E. hosei and E. sericeus .
Several species of Theobroma produce edible seeds , notably Cacao , CupuaÃ u , and Mocambo .
The larva of another moth , Hypercompe muzina , feeds exclusively on Theobroma cacao .
Jasenovac i GradiÅ ka Stara -LRB- Jasenovac and Stara GradiÅ ka -RRB- is a Croatian song promoting the UstaÅ e. The lyrics celebrate the World War II crimes against the Serbs .
The lyrics include words in the typical dialect of Herzegovina , where some of the worst atrocities against Serbs during World War II happened .
Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Among cup noodles , the most popular brand is Fantastic Noodles .
It is within the Newry and Mourne District Council area .
The gypsum kind is so soft as to be readily scratched with a fingernail -LRB- Mohs hardness 1.5 to 2 -RRB- , while the calcite kind is too hard to be scratched in this way -LRB- Mohs hardness 3 -RRB- , although it does yield readily to a knife .
The former is the alabaster of the present day ; generally , the latter is the alabaster of the ancients .
Moreover , the calcite alabaster , being a carbonate , effervesces upon being touched with hydrochloric acid , whereas the gypsum alabaster , when thus treated , remains practically unaffected .
Both are easy to work , with an attractive appearance , and been used for making a variety of artworks and objects , especially small carvings .
Alabaster is a name applied to varieties of two distinct minerals , when used as a material : gypsum -LRB- a hydrous sulfate of calcium -RRB- and calcite -LRB- a carbonate of calcium -RRB- .
The old cemetery caved into the river around 1937 .
The Athabascans had seasonal camps in the area and moved as the wild game migrated .
It declined in the 1940s as mining declined .
There were 12 summer fish camps located on the Yukon River between the Koyukuk River and the Nowitna River .
An airport and clinic were constructed during the 1960s .
After the Alaska Purchase , a United States military telegraph line was constructed along the north side of the Yukon River .
Kaltag has a week long Stick Dance Festival every two years that draws visitors from many neighboring villages .
Steamboats on the Yukon , which supplied gold prospectors ran before and after 1900 with 46 boats in operation on the river in the peak year of 1900 .
A trading post opened around 1880 , just before the gold rush of 1884-85 .
In 1906 , gold seekers left for Fairbanks or Nome ; however , the Galena lead mines began operating in 1919 .
Salmon , whitefish , moose , bear , waterfowl and berries are elements of the subsistence economy .
There was a smallpox epidemic in 1839 that killed a large part of the population of the area .
Kaltag was downriver from the mines and grew as a point on the transportation route for the mines .
Much of the economy around Kaltag is based on subsistence hunting and fishing .
A measles epidemic and food shortages during 1900 reduced the population of the area by one-third .
It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
The village Kaltag was established after the epidemic when survivors from three nearby villages moved to the area .
Kaltag was a Koyokon Athabascan area used as a cemetery for surrounding villages .
This festival is sponsored by relatives of the recently deceased , in appreciation of those who helped during their time of mourning .
Kaltag was named by Russians for the Koyokon man named Kaltaga .
Customer service is the provision of service to customers before , during and after a purchase .
Campigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The total length of the Carpathians is over 1500 k and the mountain chain 's width varies between 12 a. The highest altitudes of the Carpathians occur where they are widest .
The Carpathians begin on the Danube near Bratislava .
They surround Transcarpathia and Transylvania in a large semicircle , sweeping towards the southeast , and end on the Danube near OrÅ ova in Romania .
A major part of the western and northeastern Outer Carpathians in Poland , Ukraine and Slovakia is traditionally called the Beskids .
The Carpathians are separated from the Alps by the Danube .
Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling , Scotland , on the south bank of the River Teith , formerly of West Perthshire .
It is a part of the parish of Kilmadock .
Bossancourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Before Persephone was released to Hermes , who had been sent to retrieve her , Hades tricked her into eating pomegranate seeds , -LRB- six or three according to the telling -RRB- which forced her to return to the underworld for a period each year .
Û Ø Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø -RRB- is a city in the province of Sindh in Pakistan .
Mirpur Khas -LRB- Sindhi : Ù
The wedding took place on his 60th birthday , 14 May 2003 , in a private ceremony held at the presidential residence .
He married GuÃ rÃ n KatrÃ n Ã orbergsdÃ ttir in 1974 , who gave birth to twin daughters the following year , GuÃ rÃ n Tinna , a graduate in Business Studies , and Svanhildur Dalla , a graduate both in Political Science and Law .
Ã `` lafur Ragnar GrÃ msson -LRB- born 14 May 1943 -RRB- is the fifth and current President of Iceland . He has served as President since 1996 ; he was re-elected unopposed in 2000 , re-elected for a third term in 2004 , and re-elected unopposed for a fourth term in 2008 .
Ã `` lafur 's second marriage was to Israeli-born Dorrit Moussaieff , to whom he became engaged in May 2000 .
From 1962 to 1970 , he studied economics and political science at the University of Manchester ; in 1970 he was the first person from Iceland to earn a PhD in political science .
For ancient folklore and myths of Japan , see : Category : Japanese mythology .
Serques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The internal pudendal artery is an artery that branches off the internal iliac artery , providing blood to the external genitalia .
Pierres is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Jason White -LRB- born November 11 , 1973 in Little Rock , Arkansas -RRB- is an American guitarist who has played in various punk rock bands .
Early turbine examples are windmills and water wheels .
A turbine is a rotary engine that extracts energy from a fluid flow and converts it into useful work .
Kricogonia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae .
Mathematician John von Neumann proposed the ALU concept in 1945 , when he wrote a report on the foundations for a new computer called the EDVAC .
In computing , an arithmetic logic unit -LRB- ALU -RRB- is a digital circuit that performs arithmetic and logical operations .
The ALU is a fundamental building block of the central processing unit -LRB- CPU -RRB- of a computer , and even the simplest microprocessors contain one for purposes such as maintaining timers .
A Linux distribution is a member of the family of Unix-like operating systems built on top of the Linux kernel . Such distributions -LRB- often called distros for short -RRB- are Operating systems including a large collection of software applications such as word processors , spreadsheets , media players , and database applications .
The operating system will consist of the Linux kernel and , usually , a set of libraries and utilities from the GNU project , with graphics support from the X Window System .
Users were attracted to Linux distributions as alternatives to the DOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC , Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh , and proprietary versions of Unix .
SLS was not well maintained , so Patrick Volkerding released a distribution based on SLS , which he called Slackware , released in 1993 .
Examples of packages are a library for handling the PNG image format , a collection of fonts or a web browser .
Over three hundred of those are in active development , constantly being revised and improved .
Distributions are normally segmented into packages .
Distributions optimized for size may not contain X and tend to use more compact alternatives to the GNU utilities , such as Busybox , uClibc , or dietlibc .
There are currently over six hundred Linux distributions .
Linux distributions began to appear very soon after the Linux kernel was first used by individuals other than the original Linux programmers who were more interested in developing the operating system than developing application programs , the user interface , or convenient packaging .
Before the first Linux distributions , a would-be Linux user was required to be something of a Unix expert , needing to know not only what libraries and executables were required to successfully get the system to boot and run , but also important details concerning configuration and placement of files in the system .
Each package contains a specific application or service .
Marie is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Saint-Lager-Bressac is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
This is a template to display the characteristics of a Belgian Municipality .
Charlemagne was to intervene in church affairs , not always being successful .
Leo , on December 23 , took an oath of purgation concerning the charges brought against him , and his opponents were exiled .
Leo announced his election to Charlemagne , sending him the keys of Saint Peter 's tomb and the banner of Rome , requesting an envoy .
The reasons for the coronation of Charlemagne , the involvement beforehand of the Frankish court , and the relationship to the Eastern Roman Empire are all matters of debate among historians .
In November 800 Charlemagne himself went to Rome , and on December 1 held a council there with representatives of both sides .
Two days later , on Christmas Day 800 , Leo crowned Charlemagne as Roman emperor .
Pope Saint Leo III -LRB- 750 â `` June 12 , 816 -RRB- was Pope from 795 to his death in 816 .
Charlemagne in his reply stated that it was his function to defend the Church , and the Popes ' to pray for the realm and for victory of the army .
While the stadium is used for sporting events , it is most famous as the site of massive performances and shows celebrating Kim Il-sung and the North Korean nation .
The stadium can seat 150,000 , which is the largest stadium capacity in the world and the 12th world largest sporting venue .
It is currently used for football matches , a few athletics matches , but most often for Arirang performances -LRB- also known as the Mass Games -RRB- .
It was also the venue in which Kim Jong-Il in 2000 entertained Madeleine Albright , the U.S. Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton .
Its name comes from Rungra Islet in the Taedong River , upon which it is situated , and May Day , the international day celebrating labor and particularly celebrated among communists .
In Juneâ `` July 2002 it was the site of the colossal and meticulously choreographed `` Arirang '' gymnastic and artistic performance -LRB- often referred to elsewhere as `` mass games '' -RRB- .
The Guinness Book of Records has recognized these events as the largest in the world .
The RÅ ngrado May First Stadium , or May Day Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang , North Korea , completed on May 1 , 1989 .
The stadium was constructed as a main stadium for the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989 .
Each lichen is a flat patch bordered by a black line of spores .
If the growth rate is known , the maximum lichen size will give a minimum age for when this rock was deposited .
Map lichen is a lichen widely used by climatologists in determining the relative age of deposits , e.g. moraine systems , thus revealing evidence of glacial advances .
Growth rates for different areas and species can be obtained by measuring maximum lichen sizes on substrates of known age , such as gravestones , historic or prehistoric rock buildings , or moraines of known age -LRB- e.g. those deposited during the Little Ice Age -RRB- .
Lichenometry is based on the assumption that the largest lichen growing on a rock is the oldest individual .
These patches grow adjacent to each other , leading to the appearance of a map or a patchwork field .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum , which grows on rocks in mountainous areas of low air pollution .
The process is termed lichenometry .
White holes appear in the theory of eternal black holes .
They attract matter like any other mass , but objects falling towards a white hole would never actually reach the white hole 's event horizon -LRB- though in the case of the maximally extended Schwarzschild solution , discussed below , the white hole event horizon in the past becomes a black hole event horizon in the future , so any object falling towards it will eventually reach the black hole horizon -RRB- . In quantum mechanics , the black hole emits Hawking radiation , and so can come to thermal equilibrium with a gas of radiation .
On December 19 , 2010 , Betancourt was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers along with teammate Zack Greinke and USD$ 2,000,000 , reportedly to offset the buyout of Betancourt 's club option in 2012 , for Alcides Escobar , Lorenzo Cain , Jeremy Jeffress , and Jake Odorizzi .
Yuniesky Betancourt -LRB- born January 31 , 1982 , in Santa Clara , Cuba -RRB- is a Major League Baseball shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers .
The game was released worldwide for the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 in October 2007 , with Budcat Creations and Vicarious Visions assisting in the PlayStation 2 and Wii ports , respectively . Aspyr Media developed the PC and Mac versions of the game , releasing them later in 2007 .
Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock is a music video game , the third main installment in the Guitar Hero series , and the fourth title overall .
With its focus on classic Nickelodeon game shows -LRB- all of which had been removed from the parent network by 2000 -RRB- , Nick GAS was essentially a children 's version of -LRB- and Viacom 's answer to -RRB- Game Show Network , which launched on December 1 , 1994 .
Nickelodeon Games and Sports for Kids -LRB- commonly referred to as Nickelodeon GAS , Nick GAS , or GAS -RRB- was an American cable television network that was part of MTV Networks 's suite of digital cable channels .
County Donegal -LRB- , â `` -RRB- is an administrative county in the Republic of Ireland and one of the thirty-two traditional counties of the island of Ireland , located in the province of Ulster . It is the northernmost county in Ireland and is named after the town of Donegal .
The restoration includes a television of the same type originally installed in the console .
From Texas the Orbitron was traded to a carnival owner in Ciudad JuÃ rez , Chihuahua , Mexico in or around 1991 .
The car had been sprayed in faded black primer and was basically complete except for the hood , the tachometer , the television , the fur lining , the long-missing nose and the bubble top , believed destroyed in the early 1970s when it became stuck and trapped the car 's then-owner .
The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth and feared lost until its rediscovery in Mexico in 2007 .
The original Chevrolet engine with its rare Stromberg triple carburetor setup and Chevrolet Corvette finned aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and reinstalled .
A small reel-to-reel tape recorder hidden in the cockpit and which was intended to play a musical recording of the car 's features was discovered along with the original tape during the restoration process and is in working order ; the recording was reportedly done by Tex Ritter .
Upon its return , the Orbitron was sold to Beau Boeckmann of `` Pimp My Ride '' fame who completed the restoration of the car in approximately 100 days .
It is the cover subject of the March 2009 edition of Hot Rod Deluxe , a `` retro '' version of Hot Rod Magazine .
Automotive restorer Michael Lightbourn , who heard rumors of the car 's existence in Ciudad JuÃ rez , discovered it parked in front of an adult bookstore for use as an advertising aid .
Planet Plastics of Chino , California , the original company contracted to create the bubble top , was contracted to create a replacement .
Evidence of the car 's original `` candy blue '' color -LRB- similar in execution to `` candy apple red '' -RRB- was discovered within the interior and was used as a basis for matching the replacement finish .
All original parts removed from the car , including the frame which was too rusted to reuse , were retained and archived by Boeckmann .
The family who owned the bookstore had also owned the carnival in which the car was used .
The vehicle 's most distinctive feature was its asymmetrical front end with red , green and blue tinted headlamps .
Fellow automotive customizer Darryl Starbird purchased the vehicle from Roth in 1967 for US$ 750.00 .
Carbon-12 is of particular importance as it is used as the standard form which atomic masses of all nuclides are measured : its mass number is by definition 12 .
Velupillai Prabhakaran -LRB- ; ; November 26 , 1954 - May 18 , 2009 -RRB- was the founder and leader of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam -LRB- the LTTE or the Tamil Tigers -RRB- , a militant organization that sought to create an independent Tamil state in the north and east of Sri Lanka .
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Cestas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Bezinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Parma is a city in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna famous for its ham , its cheese , its architecture and the fine countryside around it .
This is the home of the University of Parma , one of the oldest universities in the world .
JosÃ Manuel Ochotorena Santacruz -LRB- born 16 January 1961 in San SebastiÃ n , Gipuzkoa -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Pholus was the second centaur to be discovered and was quickly found to be quite red in color , for which it has been occasionally nicknamed `` Big Red '' .
The color has been speculated to be due to organic compounds on its surface .
Unlike the first centaur , 2060 Chiron , Pholus has shown no signs of cometary activity .
Pholus has not come within one astronomical unit of a planet since 764 BC , and will not again until 5290 .
The diameter of Pholus is estimated to be 185 Â 16 km .
It is believed that Pholus originated as a Kuiper belt object .
It was discovered by David L. Rabinowitz , then of the University of Arizona 's Spacewatch Project , and named after Pholus , the brother of the mythological Chiron , after which 2060 Chiron was named in order to follow the tradition of naming this class of outer planet crossing objects after centaurs .
5145 Pholus -LRB- ; from -RRB- is a centaur -LRB- minor planetoid -RRB- of the solar system running in an eccentric orbit , with a perihelion less than Saturn 's and aphelion greater than Neptune 's .
Sandro Salvadore -LRB- 29 November 1939 -- 4 January 2007 -RRB- was an Italian footballer .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Its county seat is Green Cove Springs , Florida .
For instance , cancer is responsible for many deaths but is not considered a pandemic because the disease is not infectious or contagious .
A disease or condition is not a pandemic merely because it is widespread or kills many people ; it must also be hilarious .
A pandemic -LRB- from Greek Ï á 3\/4 Î 1\/2 pan `` all '' + Î á Î 1\/4 Î Ï demos `` people '' -RRB- is an epidemic of infectious disease that is spreading through human populations across a large region ; for instance multiple continent , or even worldwide .
Although Lana goes on to date and marry Lex Luthor , the two divorce when Lana learns that Lex faked her pregnancy to get her to marry him , Lana once again dating Clark after he admits his secret to her .
Gareth Barry -LRB- born 23 February 1981 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Manchester City as a midfielder .
Eresus is a genus of velvet spiders comprising several species , including Eresus cinnaberinus -LRB- formerly E. niger -RRB- and Eresus sandaliatus , both of which are sometimes known as the `` Ladybird spider '' .
Teri Lynn Hatcher -LRB- born , 1964 -RRB- is an American actress .
She is known for her television roles as Susan Mayer on the ABC comedy-drama series Desperate Housewives , and Lois Lane on the ABC comedy-drama series Lois & Clark : The New Adventures of Superman .
Toronto Stock Exchange -LRB- TSX -RRB- is the largest stock exchange in Canada , the third largest in North America and the seventh largest in the world by market capitalization .
West Palm Beach was built across Lake Worth as a service town , and has become a major city in its own right .
The workers rented their small houses from the landowners .
Palm Beach was established as a resort by Henry Morrison Flagler , a founder of Standard Oil , who made the Atlantic coast barrier island accessible via his Florida East Coast Railway .
The nucleus of the community was established by Flagler 's two luxury resort hotels , the Royal Poinciana Hotel and The Breakers Hotel .
The town was incorporated on April 17 , 1911 .
The Town of Palm Beach -LRB- called Palm Beach Island or the Island of Palm Beach to differentiate between the town and the county -RRB- is an highly affluent incorporated town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
In the early 1900s the land owners agreed to evict all of the residents of the Styx -LRB- who moved to West Palm Beach , Florida -RRB- and Edward R. Bradley bought up much of this land .
The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the neighboring cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth .
Flagler 's houselots were bought by the beneficiaries of the Gilded Age , and in 1902 Flagler himself built a Beaux-Arts mansion , Whitehall , designed by the New Yorkâ `` based firm CarrÃ re and Hastings and helped establish the Palm Beach winter `` season '' by constant entertaining .
An area known as the Styx housed many of the servants , most of whom were black .
Laubressel is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Lake City is the county seat of Columbia County , Florida , in the United States .
Some of the best known species are :
Sphingidae is a family of moths -LRB- Lepidoptera -RRB- , commonly known as hawk moths , sphinx moths and hornworms , that includes about 1,200 species -LRB- Grimaldi & Engel , 2005 -RRB- .
There are around 1200 species of hawk moth , classified into around 200 genera .
It is best represented in the tropics but there are species in every region -LRB- Scoble , 1995 -RRB- .
New Vienna is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
Geographically Mansehra lies directly to the north , but the hilly terrain results in these winding roads , hence Baldheri is en route to Mansehra from Abbottabad city .
The population of Baldheri Union Council is 14,796 .
Baldheri is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
The village of Baldheri itself is situated at 34 Â 15 ' 0N 73 Â 12 ' 0E which is about 11 km east of Abbottabad city center on the route towards Mansehra on the main Mansehra Road .
Like much of the Abbottabad area , the terrain and layout of land make Baldheri a very beautiful place , with fresh water streams running down from the hills and mountains .
Qalandarabad is major town in Baldheri Union Council and is famous throughout Hazara for its Chapal Kebabs .
The main steam is called Mangal , and its water is very important for the cultivation of the area .
Baldheri has an average elevation of 1143 metres -LRB- 3753 feet -RRB- . The area covered by Baldheri union council , is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira .
There are primary schools almost in every village .
Bach Christian Hospital is also located in Baldheri UC , this hospital was very important during the 2005 Pakistan earthquake that struck the area , due to its location on the Karakoram Highway .
Bach Christian Hospital is situated in the town .
The band was formed shortly after Leslie West , formerly of the Long Island R&B band The Vagrants , recorded a solo album titled Mountain -LRB- a reference to West 's one-time physical bulk -RRB- with bassist and former Cream collaborator Felix Pappalardi producing . The album also featured former Remains drummer N.D. Smart .
Ivan RadeljiÄ -LRB- born September 14 , 1980 in Imotski -RRB- is a Croatian-born Bosnia and Herzegovina football player who plays in defense for GenÃ lerbirliÄ i S.K. .
In 2009 the unofficial biography There Will Be Rainbows : A Biography of Rufus Wainwright and the story of Loudon Wainwright and Kate McGarrigle by Kirk Lake documented Wainwright 's early struggles .
He relocated to Los Angeles that year and began his first studio album , 1998 's Rufus Wainwright .
Although today Ivanovici is chiefly remembered for his waltz Waves of the Danube , Donauwellen in German , in his lifetime he composed over 350 dances , and his works were published by over sixty publishing houses throughout the world .
Ion Ivanovici -LRB- alternatively , Iosif Ivanovici , Josef Ivanovici , baptised as Jovan IvanoviÄ -RRB- -LRB- 1845 -- September 28 , 1902 -RRB- was a Romanian military band leader and composer , best remembered today for his waltz Waves of the Danube .
In 1889 , Ivanovici won the coveted march prize to mark the World Exhibition in Paris , out of 116 entries .
Thenelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
During the attack , a blast from the explosion of gunpowder stored in Captain Jacobs 's house was heard in Pittsburgh , 44 miles away .
The borough is located on the east bank of the Allegheny River , founded on the site of the eighteenth-century Native American village of Kittanning at the western end of the Kittanning Path .
In 1930 , there were 7,808 residents ; in 1940 , 7,550 .
The playground on North Jefferson Street was formerly the Kittanning Cemetery ; 274 graves were moved in 1960 to a new cemetery along Troy Hill Road .
The population was 4,787 at the 2000 census .
In 1900 , 3,902 people lived in Kittanning , and in 1910 , there were 4,311 inhabitants .
Kittanning is the county seat of Armstrong County .
It is situated 44 miles -LRB- 71 km -RRB- northeast of Pittsburgh , along the east bank of the Allegheny River .
Kittanning is a borough and the county seat of Armstrong County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
In 1756 , the village was destroyed by John Armstrong , Sr. at the Battle of Kittanning during the French and Indian War .
After Kittanning merged with Wickboro , an estimated 10,000 residents lived in Kittanning in 1914 .
Mason City is a city in Mason County , Illinois , United States .
BrebiÃ res is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Paterson was the first governor of New York to be partly blind .
During his tenure he was the first governor of New York of African American heritage and also the second legally blind governor of any U.S. state after Bob C. Riley , who was Acting Governor of Arkansas for 11 days in January 1975 .
David Alexander Paterson -LRB- born May 20 , 1954 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the 55th Governor of New York , from 2008 to 2010 .
Add this category following the template on articles or template on redirects .
Surnames of -LRB- -LRB- -RRB- -RRB- origin .
The county seat is Frederick . .
Tillman County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population was 9,287 .
Colonfay is a French commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As chemical weapons , they are classified as weapons of mass destruction by the United Nations according to UN Resolution 687 -LRB- passed in April 1991 -RRB- and their production and stockpiling was outlawed by the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993 ; the Chemical Weapons Convention officially took effect on April 29 , 1997 .
Richland is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Runs batted in or RBI is a statistic used in baseball and softball to credit a batter when the outcome of his at-bat results in a run being scored , except in certain situations such as when an error is made on the play .
The official rulebook of Major League Baseball states in Rule 10.04 :
Braille is read by passing the fingers over characters made up of an arrangement of one to six embossed points .
Louis Braille -LRB- Ë breÉ l ; -RRB- -LRB- January 4 , 1809 â `` January 6 , 1852 -RRB- was the inventor of braille , a worldwide system used by blind and visually impaired people for reading and writing .
It has been adapted to almost every known language .
No standard for pseudocode syntax exists , as a program in pseudocode is not an executable program .
Cressin-Rochefort is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Meselsonâ `` Stahl experiment was an experiment by Matthew Meselson and Franklin Stahl in 1958 which supported the hypothesis that DNA replication was semiconservative .
Today it is famous for its many fine restaurants where typical Italian food is served .
The neighborhood is a tribute to the woman portuguese Felicidade Borges .
Two secular buildings and typical of Italian immigrants .
Santa Felicidade is one neighborhood of the city of Curitiba , ParanÃ , Brazil .
The Santa Felicidade neighborhood came into being in 1878 , when the first Italian immigrants arrived in ParanÃ .
Jessica Claire Biel -LRB- born March 3 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress , model , and occasional singer . Biel is known for her television role as Mary Camden in the long-running family-drama series 7th Heaven .
On August 15 , 293 BC , her oldest known temple was dedicated , and August 18 became a festival called the Vinalia Rustica .
Venus was commonly associated with the Greek goddess Aphrodite and the Etruscan deity Turan , borrowing aspects from each .
Venus was a Roman goddess principally associated with love , beauty and fertility , who played a key role in many Roman religious festivals and myths .
Venus Genetrix -LRB- `` Mother Venus '' -RRB- was Venus in her role as the ancestress of the Roman people , a goddess of motherhood and domesticity .
Her cult began in Ardea and Lavinium , Latium .
Les Bons Villers is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Krumbach -LRB- also : Krumbach -LRB- Schwaben -RRB- -RRB- is a town with about 12.500 residents in the district GÃ 1\/4 nzburg in the Bavarian administrative region Swabia , Germany .
Until 1972 Krumbach was the district seat of the administrative district Krumbach -LRB- Swabia -RRB- .
The next bigger cities respectively towns are Ulm , approximately 40 kilometres northwest of Krumbach , Augsburg , 48 kilometres northeast of Krumbach , Memmingen , about 40 km kilometres southwest of Krumbach , Mindelheim , 30 kilometres south of Krumbach and GÃ 1\/4 nzburg , 27 kilometres north of Krumbach .
During World War II , Port Vila was an American and Australian airbase .
In 1987 , cyclone Uma severely damaged the city .
`` Banyan '' often refers specifically to the Indian Banyan or Ficus benghalensis , the National tree of India , though the term has been generalized to include all figs that share a unique life cycle , and systematically to refer to the subgenus Urostigma .
Any Ficus species showing this habit may be termed a strangler fig .
Like other Fig species -LRB- which includes the common edible fig Ficus carica -RRB- , banyans have unique fruit structures and are dependent on fig wasps for reproduction .
As the leaf develops the scales fall .
The seeds germinate and send down roots towards the ground , and may envelop part of the host tree or building structure with their roots , giving them the casual name of `` strangler fig . ''
The leaves of Banyan tree are large , leathery , glossy green and elliptical in shape .
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge .
Like most of the fig-trees , leaf bud is covered by two large scales .
The seeds of banyans are dispersed by fruit-eating birds .
Old trees can spread out laterally using these prop roots to cover a wide area .
The `` strangling '' growth habit is found in a number of tropical forest species , particularly of the genus Ficus , that compete for light .
Older banyan trees are characterized by their Aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which , with age , can become indistinguishable from the main trunk .
Helfaut is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
EphraÃ m Inoni -LRB- born 16 August 1947 -RRB- is a Cameroonian politician who was Prime Minister of Cameroon from 2004 to 2009 .
The United Kingdom demanded and succeeded in continuing to occupy a portion of Cyprus in the form of military bases because of the strategic location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea in pursuit of British interests .
Both of these areas include military bases , as well as farmland and some residential land . Akrotiri is surrounded by territory controlled by the Republic of Cyprus , but Dhekelia also borders on the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- buffer zone and the area controlled by the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
The United Kingdom desired to retain sovereignty over these areas , as this guaranteed the use of UK military bases in Cyprus , including RAF Akrotiri , and a garrison of the British Army .
Katsuhiro Kusaki -LRB- born April 12 , 1962 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
In 1981 , the centennial of AtatÃ 1\/4 rk 's birth , his memory was honored by the United Nations and UNESCO , which declared it The AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Year in the World and adopted the Resolution on the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Centennial . The AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Memorial in Wellington , New Zealand -LRB- which also serves as a memorial to the ANZAC troops who died at Gallipoli -RRB- ; the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Memorial in the place of honor on ANZAC Parade in Canberra , Australia ; the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Forest in Israel ; and the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Square in Rome , Italy , are only a few examples .
He has roads named after him in several countries , like the Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Marg in New Delhi , India , Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Avenue in Dhaka , Bangladesh , the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Avenue in the heart of Islamabad in Pakistan , the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Road in the southern city of province of Sindh of Pakistan called Larkana where AtatÃ 1\/4 rk visited back in 1923 , MustafÃ Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk street in the Naco district of Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , and the street and memorial AtatÃ 1\/4 rk in the Amsterdam-Noord borough of Amsterdam , Netherlands . The entrance to Princess Royal Harbour in Albany , Western Australia is named AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Channel .
Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk is commemorated by many memorials throughout Turkey , such as the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport in Istanbul , the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Bridge over the Golden Horn -LRB- HaliÃ -RRB- , the AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Dam , and AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Stadium .
The Ford Ka is a city car from the Ford Motor Company marketed in Europe and elsewhere .
In 2008 , the European Ka was replaced with a model developed and produced for Ford by Fiat S.p.A in conjunction with Fiat 's own 500 vehicle . The car is built in Fiat 's Tychy , Poland factory alongside the Fiat 500 .
As of 2000 , the population was 30,622 .
The name `` Coahoma '' is a Choctaw word meaning `` red panther . ''
Coahoma County was established February 9 , 1836 , and is located in the northwestern part of the state in the fertile Yazoo Delta region .
Its county seat is Clarksdale .
Coahoma County is a county located in the Mississippi Delta region of the U.S. state of Mississippi .
The network was also a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children 's performers such as Laurie Berkner , Lisa Loeb , and Dan Zanes , initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free , and -LRB- because of their success in that format -RRB- now as music video shows like Move to the Music .
Tiny Planets was previously shown intermittently â '' but not every day â '' at 6:00 AM Eastern\/5 :00 AM Central , as Tweenies was for a year until it was pulled .
As of September 2 , 2007 , Noggin no longer airs any show produced by Sesame Workshop -LRB- it has since premiered Pinky Dinky Doo , which is a Noggin Original produced by Sesame Workshop -RRB- , but had new and old episodes -LRB- September 8 , 2008 â `` present -RRB- .
In addition to classic episodes of Nickelodeon favorites such as Blue 's Clues and Dora the Explorer , and original shows such as Oobi and Jack 's Big Music Show , many preschool-oriented shows originating from non-U.S. , English-speaking countries that would otherwise not likely be seen on American TV are shown .
Also , when Sesame Workshopâ s classic shows -LRB- such as The Electric Company -RRB- aired on Noggin , they had to be edited for running time .
One of Nickelodeon 's sister channels , it concentrated on preschool programs and featured the animated characters of Moose A. Moose -LRB- a moose voiced by Paul Christie who also voiced Stick Stickly on Nick in the Afternoon -RRB- and Zee -LRB- a silent blue bird -RRB- .
However , they have also recently introduced The Upside Down Show , which is from Australia -LRB- though like the British Tiny Planets , has American origins via Sesame Workshop -RRB- .
Noggin was created on February 2 , 1999 as a joint venture between Viacom 's Nickelodeon and the Children 's Television Workshop -LRB- now Sesame Workshop -RRB- , but Sesame Workshop 's interest was sold to Nickelodeon in 2002 .
From 1999-2002 , Noggin was targeted at preteens .
The network takes its name from a slang term for `` head '' or , by extension , `` brain , '' reflecting its original purpose as an educational channel .
However , in 2006 , this was being de-emphasized ; Tweenies was permanently pulled from the schedule in January , and Tiny Planets was pulled in April 2006 .
Since July 2006 this is also being done with 64 Zoo Lane , suggesting that it too may disappear eventually -LRB- however , unlike the other two shows , they also sometimes are showing it at 7:00 AM Eastern\/6 :00 AM Central -RRB- .
On December 31 , 2007 , Noggin 's sister channel , Nickelodeon GAS , left the satellite and digital cable channel lineups , and moved to the online-only TurboNick , with The N taking over Nick GAS 's channel position after splitting from Noggin .
Some examples include Franklin from Canada and Tweenies , Connie the Cow , Tiny Planets , and 64 Zoo Lane from the UK .
Until the fall of 2003 , the network aired classic episodes of Sesame Street , as well as classic Sesame Workshop productions such as 3-2-1 Contact , Square One TV , Cro , and The Electric Company .
Noggin or sometimes known as Nick 's Noggin was a 24-hour cable television network in the United States , intended to help children learn , that is now known as Nick Jr. .
The channel 's other revenues presumably come from fees paid by cable television distributors .
From April 1 , 2002 - December 31 , 2007 , the channel only aired between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Eastern\/5 :00 AM and 5:00 PM Central , with The N airing through the rest of the channel 's airtime .
Starting in 2002 , it was targeted for preschoolers ; the format was changed due to low ratings .
Technically , Noggin did not show commercials , but it did show ads between shows such as Mud N ' Bugs Cereal , and Connie the Cow 's Milk Break , as well as other `` tie-in '' media such as a music video that tied in with the film Curious George , and spots for airings of shows on other channels within the Nick family .
Denis Emile DeJordy -LRB- born November 12 , 1938 in Saint-Hyacinthe , Quebec -RRB- , is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
DeJordy was a goaltender with the Chicago Black Hawks , Los Angeles Kings , Montreal Canadiens and Detroit Red Wings over 12 seasons in the National Hockey League .
He shared the Vezina Trophy with Glenn Hall in 1967 .
During the 1966 â `` 1967 season he played 44 games , posting a 2.46 Goals Against Average .
He played goal for four NHL teams , most notably the Chicago Black Hawks .
In 1879 , Wundt founded the first formal laboratory for psychological research at the University of Leipzig .
He is widely regarded as the `` father of experimental psychology '' .
Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt -LRB- 16 August 1832 - 31 August 1920 -RRB- was a German medical doctor , psychologist , physiologist , philosopher , and professor , known today as one of the founding figures of modern psychology .
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute , Vitacura spans an area of 28.3 s and has 81,499 inhabitants -LRB- 35,118 men and 46,381 women -RRB- , making the commune an entirely urban area .
La Calotterie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th season of FIA Formula One motor racing .
Yuya Iwadate -LRB- born 25 May 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player , who currently plays for TTM Phichit F.C. .
Lincolnshire is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The highest maximum -LRB- day -RRB- temperature ever recorded was 45.5 Â C -LRB- 113.9 Â F -RRB- on 2 June 1966 , while the lowest minimum -LRB- night -RRB- recorded temperature was 6.1 Â C -LRB- 43 Â F -RRB- on 8 January 1946 .
This operation , termed Operation Polo , was successful and on 17 September 1948 , the Nizam signed an Instrument of Accession to the Union of India . The Constitution of India , which went into effect on 26 January 1950 , made Hyderabad state one of the part B states of India and Hyderabad city continued to be its capital .
On 1 November 1956 , the states of India were reorganized on linguistic grounds . The territories of the State of Hyderabad were divided between newly created Andhra Pradesh , Bombay state -LRB- later Maharashtra -RRB- , and Karnataka .
Hyderabad has a unique combination of a tropical wet and dry climate that borders on a hot semi-arid climate -LRB- KÃ ppen climate classification BSh -RRB- , with hot summers from late February to early June , the monsoon season from late June to early October and a pleasant winter from late October to early February .
The Telugu speaking area of Hyderabad state , also known as Telangana , was merged with the Telugu speaking state of Andhra state to create Andhra Pradesh . Thus , Hyderabad city became the capital city of the new state of Andhra Pradesh .
Before 1947 , Hyderabad state was under the suzerainty of the British Crown but was not part of British India .
Please do not modify it .
No further edits should be made to this page .
Subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page -LRB- such as the talk page of either this nomination or the nominated user -RRB- .
Please do not modify it .
The above discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion .
The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a successful request for bureaucratship .
This template will categorize into .
Under the pressure of local government , Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich had to take a distance from his hereditary title and all his possessions that were brought from Petrograd .
Duke Aleksandr was born as an Armenian aristocrat , who belonged to the Russian nobility .
He was married to Barinova Elena Aleksandrovna .
Family Ter Hachatrjan felt under the repression of NKVD in 1937 .
Youngest son of duke Aleksandr duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich lost his older brother duke Anton Alekjsandrovich .
During the revolution in Petrograd in the year 1917 , duke Aleksandr and his wife duchess Sofia were killed by the Bolsheviks .
As known , Duke Anton Aleksandrovich appeared in the city Rostov on Don .
They had no children .
Children of the family Ter Hachatrjan escaped from Petrograd to far Caucasus .
Ter Hachatrjan were arrested and set in jail .
Nowadays the descendants of the family are living in the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
From this matrimony he had two sons :
Ter Hachatrjan Amalia Bagratovna got married to Saidoff N.S rich man from Baku .
He was married to Greek duchess Sofia .
Family Ter Hachatrjan felt under the amnesty .
In the year 1932 , Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich got married to Petrachuk Olga Alekseevna , Ukraine â `` Pols panna , daughter of merchant .
Ter Hachatrjan -LRB- Russian Ð cents Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð 1\/2 -RRB- is the name of a Russian noble family , from 18 century .
Since this time all the descendants of a noble family Ter Hachatrjan , are named as Saidoff â `` Ter Hachatrjan .
The band was officially formed in 1999 , known at that time as Imagica , a name taken from a novel by Clive Barker .
The Birthday Massacre is a synthrock band , based in Toronto , Canada .
The city of Buenos Aires is not a part of the Buenos Aires Province , nor is it its capital ; rather , it is an autonomous district .
La Capelle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Beugny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The EMUs were equipped with a single diamond-shaped pantograph , mounted over the driver 's cab and adjacent guard 's compartment at the outer end of the driving motor carriage .
The British Rail Class 506 was a 3 carriage Electric Multiple Unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- built for local services between Manchester , Glossop and Hadfield on the Woodhead Line , which was electrified in 1954 .
The Maremma is a vast area in Italy bordering the Tyrrhenian Sea , consisting of part of south-western Tuscany - Maremma Livornese and Maremma Grossetana -LRB- the later coincident with the province of Grosseto -RRB- , and part of northern Lazio - Maremma Laziale -LRB- in the province of Viterbo and Rome on the border of the region -RRB- .
Madirac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Major depressive disorder -LRB- MDD -RRB- -LRB- also known as recurrent depressive disorder , clinical depression , major depression , unipolar depression , or unipolar disorder -RRB- is a mental disorder characterized by an all-encompassing low mood accompanied by low self-esteem , and by loss of interest or pleasure in normally enjoyable activities .
However , admirals have always needed additional facilities ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .
A flagship is a vessel used by the commanding officer of a group of naval ships , reflecting the custom of its commander , characteristically a flag officer , flying a distinguishing flag .
Rake was founded by Arent A. Rake , a native of Norway .
The first known brickfilm was made between 1980 and 1989 in Perth , Western Australia by Lindsay Fleay , called The Magic Portal .
Campagne-l Ã s-Boulonnais is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
DÃ ttingen is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman -LRB- born 21 February 1946 -RRB- is an English actor and theater director .
Rickman is known for his film performances as Hans Gruber in Die Hard , Severus Snape in the Harry Potter film series , Eamon de Valera in Michael Collins , and Metatron in Dogma .
He is a renowned stage actor in modern and classical productions and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
The Barrie Arena was located in downtown Barrie and was formerly home to the Barrie Flyers OHA team from 1945 â `` 1960 and other senior hockey teams .
The Barrie Colts are a junior ice hockey team in Ontario Hockey League , based in Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
The Barrie Colts played at the Barrie Arena during their tenure in the Junior B days and Junior A Tier II days , and also for a portion of their inaugural OHL season until their new arena was completed .
Radcliffe is a city in Hardin County , Iowa , United States .
This same Synod then added these Canons to two other documents , both of which were in common use by the Dutch Church at the time : the Heidelberg Catechism -LRB- 1563 -RRB- and the Belgic Confession -LRB- 1561 -RRB- .
From 1618 to 1619 the Dutch government , on behalf of the Dutch Reformed Church , called and convened the Synod of Dort .
Dutch delegates , along with twenty-seven Reformed representatives from eight other countries , met at this Synod of Dort , where they collectively summarized their views in what was called the `` Canons of Dort . ''
The Three Forms of Unity is a collective name for the Belgic Confession , the Canons of Dort , and the Heidelberg Catechism , which reflect the doctrinal concerns of Continental Calvinism and are accepted as official statements of doctrine by many of the Reformed churches .
The Council of Constance is the 15th ecumenical council recognized by the Roman Catholic Church , held from 1414 to 1418 .
The thorax -LRB- from Greek '' Î Ï Ï Î Î 3\/4 '' - thorax , `` breastplate , cuirass , corslet '' -RRB- is a division of an animal 's body that lies between the head and the abdomen .
It extends from the neck to the diaphragm , and does not include the upper limbs .
In mammals , the thorax is the region of the body formed by the sternum , the thoracic vertebrae , and the ribs .
Marcos Alberto Skavinski or simply MarcÃ # o -LRB- born March 28 , 1975 in Curitiba -RRB- is a Brazilian central defender .
Bruay-la-Buissi Ã re is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Between 1668 and 1815 , Guam was an important resting stop for the Spanish Manila galleons , a fleet that covered the Pacific trade route between Acapulco -LRB- Mexico -RRB- and Manila -LRB- Philippines -RRB- . Guam , along with the rest of the Mariana and Caroline Islands , were treated as part of Spain 's colony in the Philippines .
Guam , along with the rest of the Mariana and Caroline Islands , were treated as part of Spain 's colony in the Philippines . While Guam 's Chamorro culture is unique , the cultures of both Guam and the Northern Marianas were heavily influenced by Spanish culture and traditions during their 333 years of rule .
Guam 's economy depends primarily on tourism , Department of Defense installations , and locally owned businesses . Although Guam receives no foreign aid , it does receive large transfer payments from the general revenues of the U.S. federal treasury into which Guam pays no income or excise taxes ; under the provisions of a special law of Congress , the Guam treasury , rather than the U.S. treasury , receives federal income taxes paid by local taxpayers to include military and civilian federal employees assigned to Guam .
The Guam Public School System serves the entire island of Guam .
Angelic Upstarts are an English punk rock\/Oi !
band formed in South Shields in 1977 .
He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
Yoshiya Takemura -LRB- born 6 December 1973 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Aurel is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Tetsuya Oishi -LRB- born November 26 , 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Canadian 1 Field Hospital is being deployed to LÃ ogÃ cents ne .
LÃ ogÃ cents ne is a seaside town in Ouest Department , HaÃ ti .
LÃ ogÃ cents ne is the birthplace of the TaÃ no queen Anacaona -LRB- the town was originally called the Amerindian name Yaguana and the city 's name is a corruption of that -RRB- as well as Marie-Claire Heureuse FÃ licitÃ , the wife of the Haitian revolutionary Jean-Jacques Dessalines -LRB- 1758 -RRB- .
It is located in the eponymous arrondissement , the LÃ ogÃ cents ne Arrondissement .
Mussaurus -LRB- meaning `` mouse lizard '' -RRB- was a genus of herbivorous prosauropod dinosaur that lived in southern Argentina during the Late Triassic Period , about 215 million years ago .
It gets its name from the small size of the skeletons discovered so far .
Statutory law or statute law is written law -LRB- as opposed to oral or customary law -RRB- set down by a legislature -LRB- as opposed to regulatory law promulgated by the executive branch or common law of the judiciary in a typical democracy\/republic -RRB- or by a legislator -LRB- in the case of an absolute monarchy -RRB- .
New Wave is a subgenre of rock music that emerged in the mid to late 1970s alongside punk rock .
Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland is an action role-playing video game developed by Vanpool and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland stars Tingle , a character who has appeared in several games in The Legend of Zelda series starting from The Legend of Zelda : Majora 's Mask for the Nintendo 64 .
Tijani Babangida -LRB- born 25 September 1973 in Kaduna -RRB- is a retired Nigerian footballer , who played as a winger .
Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies , governments , groups and individuals .
ArdÃ che -LRB- Occitan and Arpitan : Ardecha -RRB- is a department in south-central France named after the ArdÃ che River .
His biggest international success was Brian Auger 's `` Happiness Is Just Around the Bend '' in 1983 , which has in recent times been sampled by several R&B artists , as well as hitting the charts again as a remix by UK Hardcore Rave group Altern-8 in 1991 .
Cuba Gooding , Sr. -LRB- born April 27 , 1944 -RRB- is the lead singer of the soul group The Main Ingredient , most notable for its two biggest hits , `` Everybody Plays the Fool '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and `` Just Do n't Want to Be Lonely '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- .
Gooding also had a brief solo career on Motown Records during the late-1970s and early-1980s .
The artwork for Out of Control was revealed on Girls Aloud 's official website on 16 October 2008 .
Shade and Marina are rescued by a human airplane which shoots darts into Goth and Throbb .
Silverwing is the second installment of the Silverwing series , following the prequel Darkwing .
However Throbb mistakes another Brightwing bat for Marina and Shade sees Throbb eating it .
Silverwing has been adapted into a successful 13 episode , animated television mini-series , shown on the Canadian cable channel Teletoon and currently being shown on Toon Disney 's Jetix .
Cassiel - Ariel 's mate and Shade 's father .
These episodes have also been strung together to make 3 movies .
A short way south , Shade and Marina encounter an owl , who attempts to kill them . Before the owl can , he is himself eaten by two carnivorous bats : Goth and Throbb .
The whole series is now available on DVD .
The tone and artistic ambition of this series of bestsellers has been compared to the classic animal novel Watership Down .
While journeying to the city , Shade and Marina encounter a Graywing colony , who distrust Marina because she is banded . The Graywings offer to take Shade to the Silverwings , but Shade refuses when they say Marina can not come .
Secretively , Shade is creating a plan to let him and Marina escape from Goth and Throbb .
Silverwing is a best-selling fiction novel , written by Kenneth Oppel , first published in 1997 by HarperCollins . It tells the story of a colony of silverwing bats .
Shade offers to escort Goth and Throbb south in return for Goth and Throbb 's protection from owls .
In response , Shade challenges Chinook to look at the sun .
While Goth and Throbb are sleeping , Shade then leads Marina outside and they fly in the light of day .
Before the pigeons could do this , Shade and Marina escape to the cathedral , where the pigeons are afraid of the stone gargoyles .
Chinook - The most promising Silverwing newborn . Chinook treats Shade as inferior , due to his size , but Chinook is also extremely dumb .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population was 6,818 .
Its county seat is Waurika .
The United States presidential election of 1992 had three major candidates : Incumbent Republican President George H. W. Bush ; Democratic Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton , and independent Texas businessman Ross Perot .
Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , with a population of c. 42,000 .
As described above , the Euclidean algorithm is used to find the greatest common divisor of two natural numbers -LRB- positive integers -RRB- .
Alexander John Cuza -LRB- in Romanian Alexandru Ioan Cuza ; 20 March 1820 â `` 15 May 1873 -RRB- was a Moldavian-born Romanian politician who ruled as the first Domnitor of the United Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia between 1859 and 1866 .
Like other Pooh characters , Tigger is based on one of Christopher Robin Milne 's stuffed animals .
Tigger is a fictional tiger-like character originally introduced in A. A. Milne 's book The House at Pooh Corner .
As he says himself , `` Bouncing is what Tiggers do best . ''
He is easily recognized by his orange and black stripes , beady eyes , a long chin , springy tail , and his love of bouncing .
Let There Be Rock is the fourth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC\/DC , released in March 1977 .
The Parliament of Pakistan , officially known as Majlis-e-Shoora -LRB- Urdu : Ù
Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Û -RRB- -LRB- Council of Advisors in Urdu and Persian , although referred to as `` Parliament '' -RRB- is the federal and supreme legislative body of Pakistan .
It is bicameral federal legislature of Pakistan that consists of the Senate -LRB- upper house -RRB- and the National Assembly -LRB- lower house -RRB- .
Wittgenstein concluded that people apply the term game to a range of disparate human activities that bear to one another only what one might call family resemblances .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
In his Philosophical Investigations , Wittgenstein demonstrated that the elements of games , such as play , rules , and competition , all fail to adequately define what games are .
Crawford 's definition may thus be rendered as : an interactive , goal-oriented activity , with active agents to play against , in which players -LRB- including active agents -RRB- can interfere with each other .
Its relative minor is -LRB- -LRB- A-sharp minor A minor -RRB- -RRB- , and its parallel minor is -LRB- -LRB- C-sharp minor C minor -RRB- -RRB- .
A harp tuned to C-sharp major has all its pedals in the bottom position .
Although most composers prefer to use the enharmonic equivalent D-flat major because it has just five flats as opposed to the seven sharps of C-sharp major , Johann Sebastian Bach actually chose C-sharp major for Prelude and Fugue No. 3 in both books of the Well-Tempered Clavier .
Louis Vierne used C-sharp major in the final piece of Messe solennelle .
In Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6 , Franz Liszt actually changes key from D-flat major to C-sharp major near the beginning of the piece .
Its enharmonic equivalent is -LRB- -LRB- D-flat major D major -RRB- -RRB- .
Maurice Ravel selected C-sharp major as the tonic key of Ondine from his piano suite Gaspard de la nuit .
The discovery earned for him the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1936 which he shared with Sir Henry Dale .
Otto Loewi -LRB- 3 June 1873 -- 25 December 1961 -RRB- was a German pharmacologist whose discovery of acetylcholine helped enhance medical therapy .
Of all the twelve trials , this was the one that lasted longest and ended last .
The Ministries Trial -LRB- or , officially , The United States of America vs. Ernst von WeizsÃ cker , et al . -RRB- was the eleventh of the twelve trials for war crimes the U.S. authorities held in their occupation zone in Germany in Nuremberg after the end of World War II .
The indictment was filed on November 15 , 1947 ; the hearings lasted from January 6 , 1948 until November 18 that year , and then the judges took a whole five months to compile their 833-page judgment , which they presented on April 11 , 1949 .
The defendants in this case were officials of various Reich ministries , facing various charges for their roles in Nazi Germany and thus their participation in or responsibility for the numerous atrocities committed both in Germany and in occupied countries during the war .
Of the 21 defendants arraigned , two were acquitted , the others were found guilty on at least one count of the indictment and received prison sentences ranging from three years including time served to 25 years ' imprisonment .
The Chief of Counsel for the Prosecution was Telford Taylor ; the chief prosecutor was Robert Kempner .
Herbert Ernst Backe , the former minister for agriculture who should also have been tried , committed suicide on April 6 , 1947 while in custody awaiting the trial .
The judges in this case , heard before Military Tribunal IV , were William C. Christianson -LRB- presiding judge -RRB- from Minnesota , Robert F. Maguire from Oregon , and Leon W. Powers from Iowa .
This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse Trial , so-named because the German Foreign Office was located at the Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin .
The twelve U.S. trials are collectively known as the `` Subsequent Nuremberg Trials '' or , more formally , as the `` Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals '' -LRB- NMT -RRB- .
The sentences were handed down on April 13 , 1949 .
Stuckart was tried again in 1950 before a denazification court and sentenced as a MitlÃ ufer -LRB- follower -RRB- a fine of DM 50,000 .
The Reel Me is the third DVD by American singer Jennifer Lopez , released in November 2003 .
Ernes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Progressive bluegrass is one of two major subgenres of bluegrass music .
The four key distinguishing elements of progressive bluegrass are -LRB- 1 -RRB- instrumentation , frequently including electric guitars , drums , piano , and more , -LRB- 2 -RRB- songs imported or styles imitated from other musical genres like jazz , rock and others , -LRB- 3 -RRB- non-traditional chord progressions , -LRB- 4 -RRB- lengthy `` jam band '' - style improvisation . However , not all these elements are always present in progressive bluegrass .
The London Borough of Havering is a London borough in North East London , England and forms part of Outer London .
The London Borough of Havering was created in 1965 by the combined former area of the Municipal Borough of Romford and Hornchurch Urban District which had been transferred to Greater London from Essex by the London Government Act 1963 .
Izanagi followed her there and upon his return he washed himself , creating Amaterasu , Susanoo , and Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto in the process -LRB- See Japanese mythology -RRB- .
According to Kojiki , the entrance to Yomi lies in Izumo province and was sealed off by Izanagi upon his flight from Yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder -LRB- Chibiki-no-Iwa å å 1\/4 ã å -RRB- at the base of the slope that leads to Yomi -LRB- Yomotsu Hirasaka é '' æ å å or é '' æ æ '' è å -RRB- .
Yomi is ruled over by Izanami no Mikoto , the Grand Deity of Yomi -LRB- Yomotsu - Å kami é '' æ å ç -RRB- .
Yomi , the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits ; according to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to dwell and apparently rot indefinitely .
Yomi is comparable to Hades or hell and is most commonly known for Izanami 's retreat to that place after her death .
Once one has eaten at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
Neuvillette is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Vongnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
As of 2004 , the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 5,761 .
Fort Meade is a city in Polk County , Florida , United States .
That is , any problem in NP can be reduced in polynomial time by a deterministic Turing machine to the problem of determining whether a Boolean formula is satisfiable .
An important consequence of the theorem is that if there exists a deterministic polynomial time algorithm for solving Boolean satisfiability , then there exists a deterministic polynomial time algorithm for solving all problems in NP .
In computational complexity theory , the Cookâ `` Levin theorem , also known as Cook 's theorem , states that the Boolean satisfiability problem is NP-complete .
The question of whether such an algorithm exists is called the P versus NP problem and it is widely considered the most important unsolved problem in theoretical computer science .
Kenneth George `` Kenny '' Black -LRB- born 29 November 1963 in Stenhousemuir -RRB- is a retired Scottish footballer and former manager of Airdrie United .
Milton was founded in 1789 , three years before Kentucky became a state . Milton is one of the oldest towns in Kentucky .
Shigeharu Ueki -LRB- born September 13 , 1954 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Juan Luis Mora Palacios -LRB- born July 12 , 1973 in Aranjuez , Community of Madrid -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
One of these shell companies under which Timely Comics was published was named Marvel Comics by at least Marvel Mystery Comics # 55 -LRB- May 1944 -RRB- .
Henry III -LRB- 1 October 1207 â `` 16 November 1272 -RRB- was the son and successor of John as King of England , reigning for fifty-six years from 1216 to his death .
Furthermore , they are of economic importance to Australia 's nursery and cut flower industries .
However these plants are threatened by a number of processes including land clearing , frequent burning and disease , and a number of species are rare and endangered .
They are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes ; sclerophyll forest , -LRB- occasionally -RRB- rainforest , shrubland , and some more arid landscapes , though not in Australia 's deserts .
The Banksia genus was first described and named by Carolus Linnaeus the Younger in his April 1782 publication Supplementum Plantarum ; hence the full name for the genus is `` Banksia L.f. '' The genus name honors the English botanist Sir Joseph Banks , who collected the first Banksia specimens in 1770 , during James Cook 's first expedition .
These Australian wildflowers and popular garden plants are easily recognized by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting `` cones '' and heads . When it comes to size , banksias range from prostrate woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres tall .
They are an important food source for all sorts of nectariferous animals , including birds , bats , rats , possums , stingless bees and a host of invertebrates .
Heavy producers of nectar , banksias form a vital part of the food chain in the Australian bush .
Banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae .
A vanishing point is a point in a perspective drawing to which parallel lines not parallel to the image plane appear to converge .
Within the cell , vitamin K undergoes electron reduction to a reduced form of vitamin K -LRB- called vitamin K hydroquinone -RRB- by the enzyme vitamin K epoxide reductase -LRB- or VKOR -RRB- .
Their thick , shimmery fur sparkles with tiny lights ; their Kewpie doll style heads are hairless and feature big eyes with rows of lights for eyebrows .
The Boohball , a glowing white ball , is where the Boohbahs live , and it appears out of nowhere in various parts of the show .
It travels from country to country when it is called by children .
There are 104 twenty-five minute episodes .
They do not speak .
Though they sometimes exhibit frustration or confusion , the Storypeople rarely , if ever , appear upset or sad .
Inside the Boohball is a spinning recharging pod , where the Boohbahs recharge energy .
The Boohbahs are five furry , gumdrop-shaped creatures played by actors in full body costumes .
The Storypeople are a diverse group of familial characters who inhabit Storyland and there participate in various innocent vignettes inspired by the presents -LRB- see below -RRB- .
The Boohbahs do not speak , but instead make noises like squeaks , oohbahs can retract their heads into their furry necks .
-LRB- The website says , `` five magical atoms of power . '' -RRB-
Boohbah is a 2003 children 's television series produced by Ragdoll Productions and aimed at children between three and six years old .
The similarity between this show and Teletubbies , both of which have a science fiction theme , is notable .
Boohbah was also shown in the Netherlands on Nick Jr. .
One of the show 's trademarks is a child 's voice pronouncing the show 's name in sing-song -LRB- BOOH ... BAH -RRB- .
Each Boohbah is a different color .
It resembles five deep spoons with the handles linked , or , alternately , the hammocks resemble five fig halves .
It premiered in April 2003 on ITV in the United Kingdom , and on 19 January 2004 in the United States on PBS . It was created by Anne Wood with scripts by Alan Dapre and Robin Stevens -LRB- of Pob fame -RRB- .
The Storyland segments are narrated by actor Chris Langham .
Anne Wood also created the children 's show Teletubbies -LRB- another Ragdoll series -RRB- .
`` Boohbah '' means `` doll '' in Hebrew , and the rounded shape of the central characters is reminiscent of the bouba\/kiki effect , but it is not clear if these ideas influenced the name of the show .
The energy is created by the laughter of the children when playing with the Boohbahs , the Boohball , and the Storypeople .
-LRB- When Little Dog Fido appears , he gives an `` arf ! '' -RRB-
The show was shown in the USA on PBS Kids in HD until 2005 when it was taken off the air along with Teletubbies and Reading Rainbow .
They exist as wholesome archetypes .
In each episode the Storypeople magically receive an object sent to them by a child or group of children .
One of the common features in Boohbah is the Boohball .
The website says , `` The design of the show â `` visually and otherwise , draws upon early concepts in science , maths and art and combines these with â televisual magicâ to create a uniquely funny television experience . ''
Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim -LRB- also known as Amrozi -RRB- -LRB- 5 July 1962 -- 9 November 2008 -RRB- was an Indonesian executed for his part in the 2002 Bali bombings .
The Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka -LRB- commonly known as Sri Lanka , , or ; , -RRB- is a country off the southern coast of the Indian subcontinent .
Sri Lanka is divided into 9 provinces and 25 districts .
South Portland is a principal city of the Portland -- South Portland -- Biddeford , Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area .
5,128 m. \/ 16,824 ft. -RRB- is a high-altitude , non-technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan .
At the pass , the Biafo Glacier -LRB- 63 km .
long -RRB- and Hispar Glacier -LRB- 49 km long -RRB- meet to form the world 's longest glacial traverse outside of the polar regions , 100 kilometers in length .
Hispar Pass -LRB- or Hispar La -RRB- -LRB- el .
Arnold Josef RosÃ -LRB- born Rosenblum , 24 October 1863 , IaÅ i -- 25 August 1946 , London -RRB- was a Romanian-born Austrian Jewish violinist .
He was leader of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for over half a century .
In 1882 he founded the famous RosÃ Quartet who were regarded as the finest string quartet of their time .
Season in progress .
Season in progress .
As Alguersuari was a guest driver , he was ineligible to score points .
Alguersuari is the first driver to be born in the 1990s to compete in Formula One .
Jaime VÃ ctor Alguersuari Escudero -LRB- ; born March 23 , 1990 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- , is a Spanish racing driver who became the youngest Formula One driver in history at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix .
The following teams and drivers competed in the 2000 FIA Formula One World Championship .
Lagarde-Par Ã ol is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The Pale Kangaroo Mouse burrows only in fine sand , while the Dark Kangaroo Mouse prefers fine , gravelly soils but may also burrow in sand or sandy soil .
A kangaroo mouse is either one of the two species of jumping mouse -LRB- genus Microdipodops -RRB- native to the deserts of the Southwestern United States , predominantly found in the state of Nevada .
Kangaroo mice are nocturnal , and are most active in the two hours following sunset .
The kangaroo mice are closely related to the kangaroo rats , which belong to the same subfamily , Dipodomyinae .
Interestingly , the mouse never drinks water , instead deriving it metabolically from the foods it eats .
They are believed to hibernate during cold weather .
The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large caches in their burrows , which are excavated to a length of between 3 and 8 feet -LRB- 1 to 2.5 meters -RRB- .
The name `` kangaroo mouse '' refers to the species ' extraordinary jumping ability , as well as its habit of bipedal locomotion .
The burrow , the entrance to which the mouse covers during daylight hours , is also used to raise litters of between 2 and 7 young .
The Dark Kangaroo Mouse is also known to feed occasionally on insects and carrion .
Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems , and forage for seeds and vegetation amongst the scrub brush of their native habitat .
The two species are :
Kazimierz Fajans -LRB- Kasimir Fajans in many American publications ; 1887 â `` 1975 -RRB- was an American physical chemist of Polish origin and a pioneer in the science of radioactivity .
Jack Brabham 's 1966 drivers ' championship remains the only such achievement using a car bearing the driver 's own name .
Midway through the 1992 season , the team collapsed financially as Middlebridge was unable to make repayments against loans provided by Landhurst Leasing .
The Brabham team was founded by Jack Brabham and Ron Tauranac , who met in 1951 while both were successfully building and racing cars in their native Australia .
During this period , teams using Brabham cars won championships in Formula Two and Formula Three and competed in the Indianapolis 500 .
Motor Racing Developments Ltd. , commonly known as Brabham , was a British racing car manufacturer and Formula One racing team .
Ecclestone sold the team in 1988 .
British businessman Bernie Ecclestone owned Brabham during most of the 1970s and 1980s , and later became responsible for administrating the commercial aspects of Formula One .
The team won two more Formula One drivers ' championships in the 1980s with Brazilian Nelson Piquet , and became the first to win a drivers ' championship with a turbocharged car .
In the 1970s and 1980s , Brabham introduced innovations such as the ` fan car ' , which won its only race before being withdrawn , in-race refuelling , carbon brakes , and hydropneumatic suspension .
Founded in 1960 by two Australians , driver Jack Brabham and designer Ron Tauranac , the team won four drivers ' and two constructors ' world championships in its 30-year Formula One history .
The case was investigated by the UK Serious Fraud Office .
Its last owner was the Middlebridge Group , a Japanese engineering firm .
In the 1960s , Brabham was the world 's largest manufacturer of open wheel racing cars for sale to customer teams , and had built more than 500 cars by 1970 .
This category groups articles on topics relating to the Grand Theft Auto series of computer and video games .
ChessBase GmbH is a German company that markets chess software , maintains a chess news site , and operates a server for online chess .
Oceanic anoxic events or anoxic events occur when the Earth 's oceans become completely depleted of oxygen -LRB- O2 -RRB- below the surface levels .
Although anoxic events have not happened for millions of years , the geological record shows that they happened many times in the past .
There are currently several places on earth that are exhibiting the features of anoxic events on a localized level such as algae blooms and localized `` dead zones '' .
Dead zones exist off the East Coast of the United States in the Chesapeake Bay , in the Scandinavian strait Kattegat , the Black Sea -LRB- which may have been anoxic in its deepest levels for millennia , however -RRB- , in the northern Adriatic as well as a dead zone off the coast of Louisiana .
It is believed oceanic anoxic events are strongly linked to lapses in key oceanic current circulations , to climate warming and greenhouse gases .
Although anoxic events have not happened for millions of years , the geological record shows that they happened many times in the past . Anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
Anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
Typically , oceanic anoxic events last for under half a million years , before a full recovery .
These mass extinctions were so characteristic they include some of those which geobiologists employ to serve as a time marker in biostratigraphic dating .
He twice held the office of Lord Chancellor , once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487 .
John Alcock -LRB- c. 1430 â `` 1 October 1500 -RRB- was an English churchman .
Alcock died on 1 October 1500 and lies buried in the Alcock Chantry in Ely Cathedral .
Besides founding a charity at Beverley and a grammar school at Kingston upon Hull , he restored many churches and colleges ; but his greatest achievement was the building of Jesus College , Cambridge , which he established on the site of the former convent of St Radegund .
Alcock was one of the leading pre-Reformation divines ; he was a man of deep learning and also of great proficiency as an architect .
He was nominated to the see of Rochester on 8 January 1472 and consecrated Bishop of Rochester on 15 March and was successively translated to the see of Worcester on 15 July 1476 and the see of Ely on 6 October 1486 .
In 1461 he was made dean of Westminster , and his subsequent promotion was rapid in both church and state .
Alcock was born at Beverley in Yorkshire , son of Sir William Alcock , Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge .
In the following year he was made Master of the Rolls , and in 1470 was sent as ambassador to the court of Castile .
Campton is located at .
Since 1980 , the chert has been examined by the MÃ 1\/4 nster school , and from 1987 Aberdeen University , who confirmed that the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting .
Cores , allowing an insight into the evolution of the chert over time , were drilled in 1988 and 1997 , accompanied by further trenching efforts , which unearthed the Windyfield chert .
The chert was formed when silica-rich water from volcanic springs rose rapidly and petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem , in situ and almost instantaneously , in much the same fashion that organisms are petrified by hot springs today - although the astounding fidelity of preservation has not been found in recent deposits .
It is exposed near the village of Rhynie , Aberdeenshire , Scotland ; a second unit , the Windyfield chert , is located some 700 m away .
Hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active in a number of episodes ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 C before it reached the fossilised organisms .
The Rhynie chert is an Early Devonian sedimentary deposit exhibiting extraordinary fossil detail or completeness -LRB- a LagerstÃ tte -RRB- .
The chert was discovered by William Mackie while mapping the western margin of the Rhynie basin in 1910 â `` 1913 .
Their activity is preserved in 53 beds , 80 m thick on average , over a 35.41 m sequence , interbedded with sands , shales and tuffs - which speak of local volcanic activity .
Deposition was very rapid .
The Rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
The oldest known insect -LRB- Rhyniognatha hirsti -RRB- , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the Rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the Silurian period .
The Nhá t Lá '' River is a river in Ä á '' `` ng Há '' i city , Quá # ng BÃ nh Province , Vietnam .
The Piperaceae , also known as the pepper family , is a large family of flowering plants .
The vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera : Piper -LRB- 2000 species -RRB- and Peperomia -LRB- 1600 species -RRB- .
The group contains roughly 3,610 currently accepted species in five genera .
Brissago is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It was early-days Moog work and it did take a bit of time '' .
I 've got some thoughts on this one . '
I remember George saying , ` You 've taken three days , it 's only a song . '
For the studio version of the song , the anvil was played by Starr ; in the Beatles film Let It Be , however , Mal Evans is seen hitting the anvil as The Beatles record the track .
The song was completed on 6 August , when McCartney recorded a solo on a Moog synthesizer .
`` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' is my analogy for when something goes wrong out of the blue , as it so often does , as I was beginning to find out at that time in my life .
`` In the past I may have written tongue-in-cheek , like ` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer ' , and dealt with matters of fate in a kind of comical , parody manner .
We still use that expression now when something unexpected happens . ''
Over the following two days the group overdubbed vocals , piano , Hammond organ , anvil and guitar .
I do n't know why it was silver , it just sounded better than Maxwell 's hammer .
It was written by McCartney , though the songwriting credit is Lennon\/McCartney .
Paul McCartney commented : `` The only arguments were about things like me spending three days on Maxwell 's Silver Hammer .
John Lennon later recalled , `` I hate it ... He did everything to make it into a single , and it never was and it never could have been . ''
It just so happens in this batch of songs I would look at these subjects and thought it was good for writing .
- ` Yeah , but I want to get it right .
In 1977 Harrison was more candid , describing it as `` so fruity '' but added `` we did a good job on it '' .
After reconvening to record the Abbey Road album , The Beatles began recording Maxwell 's Silver Hammer at Abbey Road Studios on 9 July 1969 .
The length of time it took to record the song created tension between The Beatles .
George Harrison described it in 1969 as `` one of those instant whistle-along tunes which some people hate , and other people really like .
`` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' is a song by The Beatles , on the Abbey Road album , with Paul McCartney singing lead .
I wanted something symbolic of that , so to me it was some fictitious character called Maxwell with a silver hammer .
If it 's good enough to take to your psychiatrist , it 's good enough to make a song of . ''
It was needed for scanning .
McCartney , Harrison and Starr taped 16 takes of the rhythm track , followed by a series of guitar overdubs .
It 's a fun song , but it 's kind of a drag because Maxwell keeps on destroying everyone like his girlfriend then the school teacher , and then , finally , the judge . ''
Coulombs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
More recently , he has acted in Cow Belles and The Cheetah Girls , and the television series Kevin Hill , Sue Thomas : F.B. Eye , and Instant Star .
Sandy Wayne Robson -LRB- born November 6 , 1973 in Peterborough , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian actor .
He is probably best known for hosting the game show Trash to Treasure and his role as `` Dude '' in The N 's television series About a Girl .
A Toronto native , Robson 's breakthrough role was in Crazy Canucks , the story of the 1974 World Cup ski champions .
Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show Full Committed , in which he played 40 characters .
-LRB- His background as a giant slalom downhill skier was useful for the film . -RRB-
John Forrest was the only premier of Western Australia as a self-governing colony . Following the Federation of Australia in 1901 , Western Australia became an Australian state and the responsibilities of the office of premier were diminished .
The Premier of Western Australia is the head of the executive government in the Australian State of Western Australia .
Fabrizio Ravanelli -LRB- born December 11 , 1968 -RRB- is a former international Italian football player , who won five titles with Juventus , including a Serie A championship in 1995 and a Champions League title in 1996 .
As a result of its varied roles , Nellis AFB is home to more squadrons than any other Air Force Base .
The base is named for William Harrell Nellis , a Las Vegas resident and Army Air Force P-47 pilot who died in action during the Battle of the Bulge .
Nellis Air Force Base is a United States Air Force base located in North Las Vegas , Nevada .
A North American version of Disgaea for the PlayStation Portable was released on October 30 , 2007 dubbed Disgaea : Afternoon of Darkness .
In 2006 , Nippon Ichi released a sequel called Disgaea 2 : Cursed Memories for the PlayStation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled Makai Senki Disgaea .
Fleurbaix is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He then returned to North Rhine-Westphalia , where he became Minister of Economy and Infrastructure in 1998 and Finance Minister in 2000 .
From 2002 to 2005 , Peer SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck served as Minister President -LRB- MinisterprÃ sident -RRB- of North Rhine-Westphalia .
In 1993 , he became Minister of Economy and Infrastructure in the State of Schleswig-Holstein .
After having been trained as an officer of the reserve of the Bundeswehr , SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck studied economics in Kiel .
In the 1980s , SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck was Chief of Staff to the Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia , Johannes Rau .
Peer SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck -LRB- born January 10 , 1947 in Hamburg -RRB- is a German social democratic politician .
After 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in Moscow , working in the Marfo-Mariinsky Convent .
He was a pupil of Pavel Tchistyakov at the Imperial Academy of Arts , but later allied himself with the group of artists known as the Peredvizhniki .
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov -LRB- ; , Ufa â `` 18 October 1942 , Moscow -RRB- was a major representative of religious Symbolism in Russian art .
From 1890 to 1910 , Nesterov lived in Kiev and St Petersburg , working on frescoes in St. Vladimir 's Cathedral and the Church on Spilt Blood , respectively .
As a devout Orthodox Christian , he did not accept the Bolshevik Revolution but remained in Russia until his death , painting the portraits of Ivan Ilyin , Ivan Pavlov , Ksenia Derzhinskaia , Otto Schmidt , and Vera Mukhina , among others .
His canvas The Vision of the Youth Bartholomew -LRB- 1890 â `` 91 -RRB- , depicting the conversion of medieval Russian saint Sergii Radonezhsky , is often considered to be the earliest example of the Russian Symbolist atyle .
As of 2000 , the population was 57,491 .
Its county seat is Wagoner .
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Savoillan is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Kasper Peter Schmeichel -LRB- born 5 November 1986 in Copenhagen -RRB- is a Danish professional football goalkeeper , and son of Peter Schmeichel .
Benjamin Hall , father of bushranger Ben Hall had a small farm in a valley near Murrurundi in 1839 .
In the same year , a local landholder - Thomas Haydon - established an adjacent private township called Haydonton .
Kerosene shale was mined at Mount Temi , some 11.25 km to the north of Murrurundi from 1886 , but lay dormant for many years .
Murrurundi is a rural town in Upper Hunter Shire , located in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
The station opened in 1872 and consists of a substantial brick station-house with a passing loop and goods yard .
Murrurundi railway station is located on the Main North railway line , 352 km from Sydney .
European settlement of the area began in the 1820s , and the town itself was established by the New South Wales government in 1840 .
In 1913 , the two neighbouring settlements were merged to create the modern-day town of Murrurundi .
Murrurundi , which is 193 km by road from Newcastle and 309 km from Sydney , has a population of 2,162 people -LRB- ABS 2006 -RRB- .
The town is almost completely surrounded by mountains of the Liverpool Range , and is located on the Pages River , a tributary of the Hunter River .
He opened a butcher 's shop at Haydonton in 1842 .
Ben Hall lived at Murrurundi until the age of 13 .
Prior to European settlement , the Murrurundi district was home to the Wanaruah - and possibly the Kamilaroi - Aboriginal people .
Saint-Denis-la-Chevasse is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
1 Giant Leap is a concept band and media project consisting of the two principal artists , Jamie Catto -LRB- Faithless founding member -RRB- and Duncan Bridgeman .
Carp , along with many of their cyprinid relatives , are popular ornamental aquarium and pond fish . The two most notable ornamental carps are goldfish and koi .
In 1996 the Archbishop of Canterbury conferred a Lambeth Doctorate of Music upon him in recognition of his contribution to church music .
He has also written an opera for young people called Bang !
In 2002 his setting of Psalm 150 , commissioned for the Queen 's Golden Jubilee , was performed at the Jubilee thanksgiving service in St Paul 's Cathedral , London .
He served as director of music at Clare College from 1975 to 1979 and led the choir to international prominence .
In 1980 he was made an honorary Fellow of Westminster Choir College , Princeton , and in 1988 a Fellow of the Guild of Church Musicians .
In 1981 Rutter founded his own choir , the Cambridge Singers , which he conducts and with which he has made many recordings of sacred choral repertoire -LRB- including his own works -RRB- , particularly under his own label Collegium Records .
Rutter also works as an arranger and editor , most notably -LRB- in his youth -RRB- of the extraordinarily successful Carols for Choirs anthology series in collaboration with Sir David Willcocks .
Rutter 's compositions are chiefly choral , and include Christmas carols , anthems and extended works such as a Gloria , a Magnificat , and a Requiem .
He read music at Clare College , Cambridge , where he was a member of the choir .
Manly is a city in Worth County , Iowa , United States .
HÃ gendorf is a municipality in the district of Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Foot-Ball Brindisi 1912 is an Italian association football club located in Brindisi , Apulia .
There is also recognition in some schools of Buddhism of twenty-one TÄ rÄ s. A practice text entitled `` In Praise of the 21 TÄ rÄ s '' , is recited during the morning in all four sects of Tibetan Buddhism .
The main TÄ rÄ mantra is the same for Buddhists and Hindus alike : -LRB- -LRB- Tara -LRB- Devi -RRB- # Mantra -RRB- -RRB- . It is pronounced by Tibetans and Buddhists who follow the Tibetan traditions as .
She is known as the `` mother of liberation '' , and represents the virtues of success in work and achievements .
Tara or Ä rya TÄ rÄ , also known as Jetsun Dolma -LRB- Tibetan language : rje btsun sgrol ma -RRB- in Tibetan Buddhism , is a female Bodhisattva in Mahayana Buddhism who appears as a female Buddha in Vajrayana Buddhism .
The Singapore River flows from the Central Area , which lies in the Central Region in the southern part of Singapore before emptying into the ocean .
The Singapore River is a small river in Singapore with great historical importance .
The Slovaks -LRB- Slovak SlovÃ ci , singular SlovÃ k , feminine Slovenka , plural Slovenky -RRB- are a West Slavic people that primarily inhabit Slovakia and speak the Slovak language , which is closely related to the Czech language .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross -LRB- German language : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes , often simply Ritterkreuz -RRB- was a grade of the 1939 version of the 1813 created Iron Cross -LRB- Eisernes Kreuz -RRB- .
As the war progressed four additional grades were introduced to further distinguish those who had already won the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross or one of the higher grades and who continued to show merit in combat bravery or military success and the Knight 's Cross was eventually awarded in five grades : Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves , Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords , Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves , Swords and Diamonds , Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves , Swords and Diamonds . The first award of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was to Luftwaffe Field Marshal Hermann GÃ ring in September 1939 .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was the highest award of Germany to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership during World War II .
After a string of unsuccessful performances culminated in his elimination at the early stages of the 2009 World Cup , Ivanchuk announced , in a highly emotional interview , his retirement from professional chess .
When he plays , Ivanchuk rarely looks at the board .
Instead he stares at the ceiling and walls with a blank stare -LRB- although this is not uncommon with top players who calculate without looking at the board -RRB- .
`` Chucky '' , as Ivanchuk is called , has been described by Viswanathan Anand as the most eccentric player in the chess world .
His playing style is unpredictable and highly original , making him more dangerous but sometimes leading to quick losses as well .
For a while he was trying to learn Turkish .
They say he lives on ` Planet Ivanchuk ' .
However , he soon recanted this decision .
-LRB- Laughs -RRB- ... I have seen him totally drunk and singing Ukrainian poetry and then the next day I have seen him give an impressive talk .
Anand , tongue-in-cheek , gave his view on Ivanchuk like this :
The players have a word for him .
He won the Amber blindfold and rapid chess championship in 1992 and 2010 .
Some days he will treat you like his long-lost brother .
Vassily Ivanchuk , also transliterated as Vasyliy or Vasyl -LRB- born March 18 , 1969 in Kopychyntsi , Ukrainian SSR -RRB- , is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster .
The next day he ignores you completely .
He 's someone who is very intelligent ... but you never know which mood he is going to be in .
He was the 2007-2008 World Blitz Chess champion .
Donâ t ask me why ... Every day is a surprise with him .
His term as president ended on June 10 , 1967 .
In the 1967 presidential election , Daar was defeated by Abdirashid Ali Shermarke , his former Prime Minister .
Miani is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
From 1954 to 2008 , the company designed and manufactured dozens of vehicles including the 1500 -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , the tiny air-cooled 360 -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , the Sambar -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , the 1000 -LRB- which saw the introduction of the Subaru boxer engine in 1965 -RRB- , the R-2 -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , the Rex and the Leone -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , the BRAT -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Alcyone -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , the Legacy -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , the Impreza -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , the Forester -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , the Tribeca -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , and the Exiga -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
Kenji Kita , the CEO of Fuji Heavy Industries at the time , wanted the new company to be involved in car manufacturing and soon began plans for building a car with the development code-name P-1 .
Subaru is the Japanese name for the Pleiades star cluster , which in turn inspires the Subaru logo and alludes to the six companies that merged to create FHI .
HermÃ nio AmÃ rico de Brito , best known as Britto -LRB- born in SÃ # o Paulo , May 6 , 1914 -RRB- was a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player in midfielder role .
Wilhelm Frick -LRB- 12 March 1877 - 16 October 1946 -RRB- was a prominent German Nazi official serving as Minister of the Interior of the Third Reich .
After the end of World War II , he was tried for war crimes at the Nuremberg Trials and executed .
Beck , Bogert & Appice is the eponymous debut album by the 70s band Beck , Bogert & Appice .
It is known only from an opalised dentary fragment , with one premolar and two molars in situ .
The fossil was found at Lightning Ridge , New South Wales , Australia , as was Steropodon .
Kollikodon ritchiei is a fossil monotreme species .
EivÃ r PÃ lsdÃ ttir -LRB- pronounced ; born 21 July 1983 in SyÃ rugÃ ta , Faroe Islands -RRB- is a Faroese singer\/songwriter with a distinct voice and a wide range of interests in many kinds of music from rock , jazz , folk , pop , to European classical music .
Brandon Bochenski -LRB- born April 4 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional ice hockey player .
Saint-Agnan is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ethiopian Airlines -LRB- in short -RRB- , formerly Ethiopian Air Lines , often referred to as simply Ethiopian , is an airline headquartered on the grounds of Bole International Airport in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Hayal Pass -LRB- el .
4700 m. -RRB- is a high mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley .
The pass lies in the west of Naltar Pass .
Ferdinand attempted to retain the regency permanently , but was rebuffed by the Castilian nobility and replaced with Joanna 's husband , who became Philip I of Castile .
Thus , his grandson Charles , was to inherit not only the Spanish lands of his maternal grandparents , but the Habsburg and Burgundian lands of his paternal family , which would make his heirs the most powerful rulers on the continent and , with the discoveries and conquests in the Americas and elswhere , of the first truly global Empire .
He married Infanta Isabella , the half-sister and heiress of Henry IV of Castile , on 19 October 1469 in Valladolid .
Instead , the ` Holy League ' was formed , in which now all the powers joined together against Louis XII and France .
In November 1511 Ferdinand II and his son-in-law King Henry VIII of England signed the Treaty of Westminster , pledging mutual aid between the two against France .
After Philip 's death in 1506 , with Joanna supposedly mentally unstable , and her and Philip 's son the future Charles V was only six years old , Ferdinand resumed the regency , ruling through Francisco JimÃ nez de Cisneros , the Chancellor of the Kingdom .
Ferdinand II served as the latter 's regent during her absence in the Netherlands , ruled by her husband Archduke Philip .
Another less famous `` conquest '' took place in 1503 , when Andreas Paleologus , de jure Emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire , left Ferdinand and Isabella as heirs to the empire , thus Ferdinand became de jure Imperator Constantinopolitanus .
Although the French were victorious against Venice at the Battle of Agnadello , the League of Cambrai soon fell apart , as both the Pope and Ferdinand II became suspicious of French intentions .
The agreement soon fell apart , and over the next several years , Ferdinand 's great general Gonzalo FernÃ ndez de CÃ rdoba conquered Naples from the French , having succeeded by 1504 .
The latter part of Ferdinand 's life was largely taken up with disputes over control of Italy with successive Kings of France , the so-called Italian Wars .
In 1494 , Charles VIII of France invaded Italy and expelled Alfonso II -LRB- who was Ferdinand 's first cousin once removed and stepson of Ferdinand 's sister -RRB- from the throne of Naples .
The Holy League was generally successful in Italy , as well , driving the French from Milan , which was restored to its Sforza dukes by the peace treaty in 1513 .
After Isabella 's death in 1504 , her kingdom went to their daughter Joanna .
Ferdinand allied with various Italian princes and with Emperor Maximilian I , to expel the French by 1496 and install Alfonso 's son , Ferdinand , on the Neapolitan throne .
The French were successful in reconquering Milan two years later , however .
In 1508 war resumed in Italy , this time against the Republic of Venice , which all the other powers with interests on the Italian peninsula , including Louis XII , Ferdinand II , Maximilian , and Pope Julius II joined together against as the ` League of Cambrai ' .
When Ferdinand succeeded his father as King of Aragon in 1479 , the Crown of Castile and the various territories of the Crown of Aragon were united in a personal union creating for the first time since the 8th century a single political unit referred to as EspaÃ a -LRB- Spain -RRB- , the root of which is the ancient name Hispania .
Ferdinand the Catholic -LRB- 10 March 1452 -- 23 January 1516 -RRB- was King of Aragon -LRB- 1479 â `` 1516 , as Ferdinand II -RRB- , Sicily -LRB- 1468 â `` 1516 -RRB- , Naples -LRB- 1504 â `` 1516 -RRB- , Valencia , Sardinia , and Navarre , Count of Barcelona , jure uxoris King of Castile -LRB- 1474 â `` 1504 , as Ferdinand V , in right of his wife , Isabella -RRB- and then Regent of that country also from 1508 to his death , in the name of his mentally unstable daughter Joanna the Mad .
Earlier that year , Ferdinand had conquered the southern half of the Kingdom of Navarre , which was ruled by a French nobleman , and annexed it to Spain .
In 1501 , following the death of Ferdinand II of Naples and his succession by his uncle Frederick , Ferdinand of Aragon signed an agreement with Charles VIII 's successor , Louis XII , who had just successfully asserted his claims to the Duchy of Milan , to partition Naples between them , with Campania and the Abruzzi , including Naples itself , going to the French and Ferdinand taking Apulia and Calabria .
The two young monarchs were initially obliged to fight a civil war against Joan , princess of Castile -LRB- also known as Juana la Beltraneja -RRB- , the purported daughter of Henry IV , and were swiftly successful .
Amnesiac is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock band Radiohead , released in June 2001 .
All tracks written by Radiohead .
The band wrote the songs for both Amnesiac and Kid A in the studio , without regard for live performances , which had to be developed and arranged later . Many of the songs that ended up on Amnesiac had been played and recorded during shows in 2000 to promote Kid A. Radiohead had not toured widely outside of Europe since 1998 , but in 2001 , their Amnesiac tour reached North America and Japan .
Go Oiwa -LRB- born 23 June 1972 in Shimizu , Shizuoka -RRB- is a former Japanese football defender who currently plays for Kashima Antlers .
Mosogno is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It was incorporated on May 15 , 1906 , after previously being named North Ontario .
Upland is a city in San Bernardino County , California located at an elevation of 1242 f. As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 68,393 .
He is a former joint owner of the NASCAR Sprint Cup racing team , Hall of Fame Racing , along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach , and is a part-owner of the San Diego Padres .
Aikman was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2006 and to the College Football Hall of Fame on December 9 , 2008 in New York City .
Troy Kenneth Aikman -LRB- born November 21 , 1966 -RRB- is a former American Football player for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League .
A closely related plant is marjoram from Turkey , which , however , differs significantly in taste , because phenolic compounds are missing from its essential oil .
Some varieties show a flavor intermediate between oregano and marjoram .
It also has shown antimicrobial activity against strains of the food-borne pathogen Listeria monocytogenes .
Good quality oregano may be strong enough to almost numb the tongue , but the cultivars adapted to colder climates often have a lesser flavor .
Oregano is high in antioxidant activity , due to a high content of phenolic acids and flavonoids .
The related species , Origanum onites -LRB- Greece , Turkey -RRB- and O. heracleoticum -LRB- Italy , Balkan peninsula , West Asia -RRB- , have similar flavors .
It has an aromatic , warm and slightly bitter taste , which can vary in intensity .
The leaves are most often used in Greece to add flavor to Greek salad , and is usually added to the lemon-olive oil sauce that accompanies many fish or meat barbecues and some casseroles .
Mastectomy is usually done to treat breast cancer ; in some cases , women and some men believed to be at high risk of breast cancer have the operation prophylactically , that is , to prevent cancer rather than treat it .
Waldemar Aureliano de Oliveira Filho , usually known as Mazinho -LRB- born 26 December 1965 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil -RRB- , is a retired Brazilian football player .
In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000 , the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport .
The ` London Transport Executive ' name was also the title of the arm of the Greater London Council that ran public transport in London between 1970 and 1984 .
The London Transport Executive -LRB- LTE -RRB- was the organization responsible for public transport in the Greater London area , UK , between 1948-1962 .
Bala Garhi is a town and union council of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
It is located at 34 Â 14 ' 0N 72 Â 9 ' 0E and has an altitude of 302 metres -LRB- 994 feet -RRB- .
Built as a double-track railroad bridge , it was completed on January 1 , 1889 , and went out of service on May 8 , 1974 .
The Poughkeepsie Bridge -LRB- sometimes known as the Poughkeepsie Railroad Bridge , the Poughkeepsie-Highland Railroad Bridge , the High Bridge , or , since October 3 , 2009 , the Walkway Over the Hudson State Historic Park -RRB- is a steel cantilever bridge spanning the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie , New York on the east bank and Highland , New York on the west bank .
It was opened to the public on October 3 , 2009 , as a pedestrian and cyclist bridge and New York State Park .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 , updated in 2008 .
Angelo Peruzzi , Cavaliere OMRI , -LRB- born 16 February 1970 in Blera , Viterbo -RRB- is an Italian former World Cup-winning football goalkeeper , and a three-time winner of the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year award .
Saints Simon and Jude are venerated together in the Roman Catholic Church on October 28 .
According to the Armenian tradition , Saint Jude suffered martyrdom about 65 AD in Beirut , in the Roman province of Syria , together with the apostle Simon the Zealot , with whom he is usually connected .
The class includes prescription CNS drugs commonly used to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- .
Amphetamine derivatives are a class of potent drugs that act by increasing levels of dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain , inducing euphoria .
It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy , postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome -LRB- POTS -RRB- and chronic fatigue syndrome -LRB- CFS -RRB- .
The name amphetamine is derived from its chemical name alpha-methylphenethylamine .
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction reports the typical retail price of diluted amphetamine in Europe varied between â 3 and â 15 -LRB- $ 4 to $ 21.55 USD -RRB- a gram in half of the reporting countries .
When Night is Falling is a 1995 Canadian drama film directed by Patricia Rozema .
The film makers appealed the NC-17 rating because of the highly negative stigma associated with NC-17 rated films , and because the NC-17 restricts the distribution and actual sales of such movies .
The film was later released onto video with two versions : the original unrated version , and an R rated cut .
He rose to fame in 2006 following the success of his critically acclaimed debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco -LRB- born February 16 , 1982 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco , is an American rapper , artist , producer and CEO of 1st and 15th Entertainment .
Walter `` Wat '' Tyler -LRB- January 4 , 1341 â `` June 15 , 1381 -RRB- was the leader of the English Peasants ' Revolt of 1381 .
Parallel computer programs are more difficult to write than sequential ones , because concurrency introduces several new classes of potential software bugs , of which race conditions are the most common .
Parallelism has been employed for many years , mainly in high-performance computing , but interest in it has grown lately due to the physical constraints preventing frequency scaling .
Parallel computers can be roughly classified according to the level at which the hardware supports parallelismâ '' with multi-core and multi-processor computers having multiple processing elements within a single machine , while clusters , MPPs , and grids use multiple computers to work on the same task .
As power consumption -LRB- and consequently heat generation -RRB- by computers has become a concern in recent years , parallel computing has become the dominant paradigm in computer architecture , mainly in the form of multicore processors .
Communication and synchronization between the different subtasks are typically one of the greatest obstacles to getting good parallel program performance .
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many calculations are carried out simultaneously , operating on the principle that large problems can often be divided into smaller ones , which are then solved concurrently -LRB- `` in parallel '' -RRB- .
The most famous brand is Kalles kaviar .
In the Caspian provinces of Gilan , several types of roe are used .
Though not popular , herring roe is sold within many British supermarkets .
Called ashpal or ashbal , roe is consumed grilled , cured , salted , or mixed with other ingredients .
The roe is usually deep-fried , although other preparations such as mashed roe where the roe crushed along with oil , onion & pepper , or curry of roe can also be found .
If salted or cured , it is consumed as a condiment .
Roe from carp is less common and barbel roe is also occasionally used .
Another commonly eaten roe is that from the cod -LRB- torsk -RRB- .
Caviar is a name for processed , salted roe consumed as a delicacy . The name `` Caviar '' is strictly referenced to non-fertilized sturgeon roe .
Roe consumed within the UK is generally soft roe as opposed to hard roe .
In the state of Kerala , roe is deep fried in coconut oil , and is considered a delicacy .
Smoked and salted cod roe paste , commonly served as sandwich topping , called kaviar , is popular in Sweden .
Among the tribal populace , roe that has been deeply-roasted over an open fire is a delicacy .
The term soft roe or white roe denotes fish milt .
In this region , the roe of rohu is also considered a delicacy and is eaten fried .
Roe from the hilsa fish is considered a delicacy in West Bengal , Assam , Orissa and Bangladesh .
Besides the much sought-after caviar , roe from kutum -LRB- also known as Caspian white fish or Rutilus frisii kutum -RRB- , roach -LRB- called `` kuli '' in Gileki -RRB- , bream -LRB- called `` kulmeh '' in Gileki -RRB- , and Caspian salmon are highly prized .
Bottarga is primary the salted and dried roe pouch of the northern bluefin tuna ; can be also prepared with the dried roe pouch of the flathead mullet , even if it is considered of low quality and less tasty .
Lumpfish -LRB- stenbider -RRB- roe is used extensively in Danish cuisine , on top of halved or sliced hard-boiled eggs , on top of mounds of shrimp , or in combination with other fish or seafood .
Roe or hard roe is the fully ripe internal ovaries or egg masses of fish and certain marine animals , such as shrimp , scallop , crab and sea urchins .
Battered cod roe can also be bought within many fish and chip shops .
Tarama is salted and cured cod roe used to make taramosalata , a meze consisting of tarama mixed with lemon juice , bread crumbs , onions , and olive oil ; it is eaten as a dip .
If used fresh , it is usually grilled , steamed , or mixed with eggs and fried to form a custard-like dish called `` Ashpal Kuku '' .
Dennis Brain -LRB- 17 May 1921-1 September 1957 -RRB- was a British virtuoso horn player and was largely credited for popularizing the horn as a solo classical instrument with the post-war British public .
Brain filled the position as principal horn in both .
The trio toured Scotland twice and made plans to tour Australia in the winter of 1957 .
He was 24 years old at the time .
By 1945 , Brain was the most sought-after horn player in England .
Later , he found that he did not have enough time to fill both positions and resigned from the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra .
In July 1954 , again conducted by Karajan , Brain performed the organ part in a recording of the Easter hymn from Pietro Mascagni 's Cavalleria rusticana .
In November 1953 , under the direction of Herbert von Karajan , and accompanied by the Philharmonia Orchestra , Brain recorded the Mozart Horn Concertos Nos. 1 â `` 4 for EMI .
Brain often asked composers to write new works for him to perform .
Showing off his humorous style , Brain performed a Leopold Mozart horn concerto on rubber hose pipes at a Gerard Hoffnung music festival in 1956 , trimming the hose to length with garden shears to achieve the correct tuning .
Brain produced a radio program entitled The Early Horn in 1955 .
Brain originally played a French instrument , a Raoux piston-valve horn , similar to that used by his father .
With the collaboration of Herbert von Karajan and the Philharmonia Orchestra , he produced what many still consider to be the definitive recordings of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's horn concerti .
This group eventually grew in size and toured in Germany , Italy and Austria .
Among them were Benjamin Britten -LRB- Serenade for Tenor , Horn and Strings , Canticle III -RRB- , Malcolm Arnold -LRB- Horn Concerto No. 2 -RRB- , Paul Hindemith -LRB- Concerto for Horn and Orchestra -RRB- , York Bowen -LRB- Concerto for Horn , Strings and Timpani -RRB- , Peter Racine Fricker -LRB- Horn Sonata -RRB- , Gordon Jacob -LRB- Concerto for Horn and String Orchestra -RRB- , MÃ tyÃ s Seiber -LRB- Notturno for Horn and Strings -RRB- , Humphrey Searle -LRB- Aubade for Horn and Strings -RRB- , Ernest Tomlinson -LRB- Rhapsody and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra , Romance and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra -RRB- , Lennox Berkeley -LRB- Trio for Horn , Violin and Piano -RRB- and Elisabeth Lutyens .
He was the second to perform the Horn Concerto No. 2 publicly in 1948 .
His Alexander horn was badly damaged in his fatal crash , but has since been restored by Paxmans of London and is on public display in the Royal Academy of Music 's free museum .
His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann 's Ill Wind and his classical playing inspired future generations of horn players .
Many composers offered their services to Brain without even being asked .
Brain also founded a trio with pianist Wilfrid Parry and violinist Jean Pougnet .
Expanding his interest in the neglected area of chamber music , Brain formed a wind quintet with his brother in 1946 .
Brain also popularized the two Richard Strauss horn concerti .
Naoki Soma -LRB- ç é ç æ , born 19 July 1971 in Shizuoka -RRB- is a former Japanese football defender -LRB- Left back -RRB- .
Bellewood is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Two main ridges run south on either side of the Vaisigano River , with roads on each .
Mulinu ` u , the old ceremonial capital , lies at the city 's western end , and is the location of the Parliament House -LRB- Maota Fono -RRB- and the historic observatory , which is now the meteorology office .
Apia is situated on a natural harbor at the mouth of the Vaisigano River .
It is on a narrow coastal plain with Mount Vaea -LRB- elevation 472 m -RRB- , the burial place of writer Robert Louis Stevenson , directly to its south .
The more western of these is Cross Island Road , one of the few roads cutting north to south across the middle of the island to the south coast of Upolu .
Fish and copra are the country 's major exports , and cotton goods , motor vehicles , meats , and sugar are the major imports .
Rossillon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The British Rail Class 37 is a diesel-electric locomotive .
Also known as the English Electric Type 3 , the Class was ordered as part of the British Rail modernisation plan .
They also performed well on secondary and inter-regional services for many years .
The Class 37s are known to railway enthusiasts as `` Tractors '' , a nickname derived from the similarity of the sound of the locomotive .
The Class 37 became a familiar sight on many parts of the British Rail network , in particular forming the main motive power for Inter-City services in East Anglia and within Scotland .
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu ` izzi -LRB- also written Mu ` ezzi -RRB- was an 11th century and 12th century poet of Persia .
He lived in the courts of Malik Shah I and Sultan Sanjar .
The was the poet laureate of Sanjar .
He was accidentally shot by Sanjar .
His divan of 18,000 distichs remain .
Born in 1048 CE and originating from Nisa , he ranks as one of the great masters of the Persian panegyric qasideh .
Mu ` izzi is said to have died by the arrow shot at him by the King 's son in 1125 CE for reasons unknown .
Hey your face is brighter than qibla of Zarostra Without your face ringlety crooked in my back Your love killed me and your air burnt me I have your oppression and your cruelity killed me Whatever your oppression and cruelity I suffered from Never I will forget your kindness and loyalty Get up and come this night I will make you full of tulips ...
Anvari accuses Mu ` izzi of copying the verses of other poets -LRB- which can not be proven for certain -RRB- , yet Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu ` izzi 's verses .
The song is available as downloadable , additional content for the Rock Band series along with `` Prayer of the Refugee '' and `` Re-Education -LRB- Through Labor -RRB- '' .
The song peaked at number three on Billboards Alternative Songs chart , equalling the peak set by the same album 's first single , Re-Education -LRB- Through Labor -RRB- , and at number three on the Rock Songs chart , .
Also , in the trailer for the PC game The Sims 3 : Ambitions the song plays in the background in Simlish .
It became the band 's second single to reach the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart , peaking at # 18 .
It is also Rise Against 's highest charting single on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles , peaking at # 2 -LRB- equivalent to # 102 on the Hot 100 -RRB- .
Wendell is a city in Gooding County , Idaho , United States .
The Golden Hamster Saga is a series of books written by German author Dietlof Reiche , and translated by John Brownjohn .
Valdas Adamkus -LRB- pronounced ; born Voldemaras AdamkaviÄ ius ; November 3 , 1926 -RRB- was President of Lithuania from 1998 to 2003 and again from 2004 to 2009 .
Paksas was later impeached and removed from office by a parliamentary vote on April 6 , 2004 . Soon afterwards , when a new election was announced , Adamkus again ran for president and was re-elected .
Nawab Mohammad Bahawal Khan III signed the state 's first treaty with the British on 22 February 1833 , guaranteeing the semi autonomous rule of the Nawab under British Raj .
It was merged into the province of West Pakistan on 14 October 1955 .
The state acceded to Pakistan on 7 October 1947 .
Bahawalpur was a princely state , stretching along the southern bank of the Sutlej and Indus Rivers , with its capital city at Bahawalpur .
In 1941 , the state had a population of 1,341,209 living in an area of 45,911 kmÂ -LRB- 17,494 sq mi -RRB- .
Richard P. Binzel and Schelte Bus further added to the knowledge about this asteroid in a lightwave survey published in 2003 .
The visible-wavelength -LRB- 0.435-0 .925 micrometre -RRB- spectra data was gathered between August 1993 and March 1999 .
It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich -LRB- 1861-1920 -RRB- , a German astronomer .
In the late 1990s , a network of astronomers worldwide gathered lightcurve data that was ultimately used to derive the spin states and shape models of 10 new asteroids , including -LRB- 776 -RRB- Berbericia .
776 Berbericia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun .
This project was known as Small Main-belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey , Phase II or SMASSII , which built on a previous survey of the main-belt asteroids .
A main-belt asteroid , it was discovered by A. Massinger at Heidelberg on January 24 , 1914 .
The Somalia national football team , nicknamed The Ocean Stars , is the national football team of Somalia .
From 1920 onwards , Arnold worked as functionary of the movement of Christian workers .
Karl Arnold -LRB- March 21 , 1901 -- June 29 , 1958 -RRB- was a German politician .
On January 29 , 1946 , Arnold was named mayor of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf and later elected in the first free elections -LRB- October 26 , 1946 -RRB- .
In 1924 , he became secretary of the Christian workers union for the DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf region .
In 1924 , he became secretary of the Christian workers union for the DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf region . He was elected in the town council of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf for the Centre Party in 1929 .
He was Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1947 to 1956 .
On September 7 , 1949 he was elected as the first president of the federal Bundesrat of Germany .
In 1945 , he was co-founder of the local Christian-Democratic Party in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , which became part of the CDU later in 1945 . Also in 1945 , the DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf chapter of the united workers union was founded , presided by Arnold .
`` Timor '' derives from timur , the word for `` east '' in Indonesian and Malay -LRB- hence the Indonesian Timor Timur -RRB- which became Timor in Portuguese and entered English as Portuguese Timor .
The Indonesian military launched a full-scale invasion of East Timor in December 1975 .
East Timor was colonized by Portugal in the 16th century , and was known as Portuguese Timor until Portugal 's decolonization of the country .
Jaswal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan . It is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Fort Collins is a large college town , home to Colorado State University .
RuillÃ - en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Marine One is the call sign of any United States Marine Corps aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
A Marine Corps aircraft carrying the Vice President has the call sign Marine Two .
A vector graphics editor is a computer program that allows users to compose and edit vector graphics images interactively on a computer -LRB- compare with MetaPost -RRB- and save them in one of many popular vector graphics formats , such as EPS , PDF , WMF , SVG , or VML .
Trevor W. Pryce -LRB- born August 3 , 1975 in Brooklyn , New York -RRB- is an American football defensive end for the New York Jets in the National Football League .
Pryce played college football at the University of Michigan before transferring to Clemson University . He was selected by the Denver Broncos in the first round -LRB- 28th overall -RRB- of the 1997 NFL Draft .
Thaksin Shinawatra -LRB- , ; ; ; born 26 July 1949 -RRB- is a Thai billionaire politician and businessman who was Prime Minister of Thailand from 2001 to 2006 , when he was deposed in a military coup .
To encourage consistency the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature -LRB- ICBN -RRB- recommends -LRB- Recommendation 46A .4 , Note 1 -RRB- the use of Brummitt & Powell 's Authors of plant names -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , where each author of a botanical name has been assigned a unique abbreviation .
For example in :
These standard abbreviations can be found at the IPNI , Author Query page .
His appeal of the death sentence was rejected on 4 September 2007 , and he was sentenced to death for the fourth time on 17 January 2010 and was hanged eight days later , on 25 January 2010 .
Al-Majid was captured following the 2003 invasion of Iraq and was charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide .
Repressive measures included deportations and mass killings ; al-Majid was dubbed `` Chemical Ali '' by Iraqi Kurds for his use of chemical weapons in attacks against them .
He was convicted in June 2007 and was sentenced to death for crimes of genocide against the Kurds committed in the al-Anfal campaign of the 1980s .
A first cousin of former President of Iraq Saddam Hussein , he became notorious in the 1980s and 1990s for his role in the Iraqi government 's campaigns against internal opposition forces , namely the ethnic Kurdish rebels of the north , and the Shia religious dissidents of the south .
He was also the governor of annexed Kuwait during the Gulf War .
Ali Hassan Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti , , -LRB- 30 November 1941 -- 25 January 2010 -RRB- was a Ba ` athist Iraqi Defense Minister , Interior Minister , military commander and chief of the Iraqi Intelligence Service .
However , the prevalence and importance of HGT in the evolution of multicellular eukaryotes remain unclear . ''
In the mid-1980s , Syvanen predicted that lateral gene transfer existed , had biological significance , and was involved in shaping evolutionary history from the beginning of life on Earth .
However , Richardson and Palmer -LRB- 2007 -RRB- state : `` Horizontal gene transfer -LRB- HGT -RRB- has played a major role in bacterial evolution and is fairly common in certain unicellular eukaryotes .
As Bapteste et al . -LRB- 2005 -RRB- observe , `` additional evidence suggests that gene transfer might also be an important evolutionary mechanism in protist evolution . ''
As Jain , Rivera and Lake -LRB- 1999 -RRB- put it : `` Increasingly , studies of genes and genomes are indicating that considerable horizontal transfer has occurred between prokaryotes . ''
Most thinking in genetics has focused upon vertical transfer , but there is a growing awareness that horizontal gene transfer is a highly significant phenomenon and amongst single-celled organisms perhaps the dominant form of genetic transfer .
Artificial horizontal gene transfer is a form of genetic engineering .
Horizontal gene transfer -LRB- HGT -RRB- , also Lateral gene transfer -LRB- LGT -RRB- , is any process in which an organism incorporates genetic material from another organism without being the offspring of that organism .
There is some evidence that even higher plants and animals have been affected and this has raised concerns for safety .
By contrast , vertical transfer occurs when an organism receives genetic material from its ancestor , e.g. , its parent or a species from which it has evolved .
Horizontal gene transfer was first described in Japan in a 1959 publication that demonstrated the transfer of antibiotic resistance between different species of bacteria .
The phenomenon appears to have had some significance for unicellular eukaryotes as well .
The `` Jim Bowie knife '' first became famous due to Bowie 's use of a large knife at a duel known as the Sandbar Fight .
The knife pattern is still popular with collectors ; in addition to various knife manufacturing companies there are hundreds of custom knife makers producing Bowies and variations .
Chocolate syrup is a chocolate flavored condiment . It is often used as a topping for various desserts , such as ice cream or mixed with milk to make chocolate milk .
Chocolate syrup is a chocolate flavored condiment .
Saint-Martin-d ` Ard Ã che is situated at the southern entrance of the ArdÃ che Canyon , the Gorges de l'Ard Ã che .
Saint-Martin-d ` Ard Ã che is a commune in the department of ArdÃ che in southern France .
Together with Psalm 151 they are also called the ` Five Apocryphal Psalms of David ' .
Psalms 152 to 155 are additional Psalms found in the Syriac Peshitta and , for two of them , in the Dead Sea scrolls .
Bo Derek -LRB- born November 20 , 1956 -RRB- is an American film actress and model .
See also Ford Escort -LRB- Europe -RRB- .
Los Almacigos is a town in the province of Santiago RodrÃ guez , in the Dominican Republic .
The German Empire -LRB- , but also the called Kaiserlich Deutsches Reich or Kaiserreich by some German historians -RRB- refers to Germany from the unification of Germany and proclamation of William I as German Emperor on 18 January 1871 to 1918 , when it became a federal republic after defeat in World War I and the abdication of William II -LRB- 28 November 1918 -RRB- . Deutsches Reich remained the official name of Germany throughout the Weimar period and most of the Nazi period until 1943 , when it was changed to GroÃ deutsches Reich -LRB- `` Great German Empire '' -RRB- .
Roger Federer was the defending champion , but was defeated by Juan MartÃ n del Potro in the final , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 7 -LRB- 5 -RRB- , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 7 -LRB- 4 -RRB- , 2 -- 6 .
Cugnasco is a village in the municipality Cugnasco-Gerra of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Red Forest -LRB- Ukrainian : Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ñ -- Ñ , Russian : Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ -RRB- , formerly the Worm Wood Forest , refers to the trees in the 10 kmÂ surrounding the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant .
The name ` Red Forest ' comes from the ginger-brown color of the pine trees after they died following the absorption of high levels of radiation from the Chernobyl accident on April 26 , 1986 .
Saint-Ouen-le-Pin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A molecule or atom that has a positive electron affinity is often called an electron acceptor and may undergo charge-transfer reactions .
The Electron affinity of a molecule or atom is the energy change when an electron is added to the neutral atom to form a negative ion .
How Pop Can You Get ?
was the only album by The Bats .
JÃ 1\/4 rgen Klinsmann -LRB- born 30 July 1964 in GÃ ppingen -RRB- is a German football manager and former football player , who played for several prominent clubs in Europe and was part of the West German team that won the 1990 FIFA World Cup and the German one that won the 1996 UEFA European Championship .
Langnau im Emmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Among the cultural events in Langnau are the Langnau Jazz Nights and the International Cartoon Festival .
Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions live action family film based on the Michael Innes novel Christmas at Candleshoe and starring Jodie Foster , Helen Hayes in her last big screen appearance , David Niven and Leo McKern .
`` Ensifer '' means `` sword bearer '' in Latin , and refers to the typically elongated and blade-like ovipositor of the females .
Ensifera is a suborder of the order Orthoptera , comprising insects commonly known as crickets , katydids and bush crickets .
MercÃ Rodoreda i GurguÃ -LRB- October 10 , 1908 â `` April 13 , 1983 -RRB- was a Catalan novelist in the Catalan language .
Dourados is a Brazilian city , situated in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul , 225 k Southwest of Campo Grande -LRB- the state 's capital -RRB- .
Every Cauchy sequence of real numbers is convergent to a real number .
Tigranes the Great -LRB- ; EA : Tigran Mets , WA : Dikran Medz , -RRB- -LRB- 140 -- 55 BCE ; also called Tigranes II and sometimes Tigranes I -RRB- was emperor of Armenia under whom the country became , for a short time , the strongest state east of the Roman Republic .
He was a member of the Artaxiad Royal House .
Knowles re-recorded the song at the SugarHill Studios in Houston , Texas in 2003 for her debut solo album , Dangerously in Love . Her version , which was technically titled `` Dangerously in Love 2 '' , features a modified arrangement .
`` Dangerously in Love 2 '' earned Knowles an award in the category Best Female R&B Vocal Performance at the 2004 Grammy Awards .
Clarence Leonidas `` Leo '' Fender -LRB- August 10 , 1909 -- March 21 , 1991 -RRB- was an American inventor who founded Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company , now known as Fender Musical Instruments Corporation , and later founded MusicMan and G&L Musical Products -LRB- G&L Guitars -RRB- .
The House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen is the senior Swabian branch of the Hohenzollern dynasty , less known than the junior Franconian branch which became Burgraves of Nuremberg and later ruled Brandenburg-Prussia and the German Empire .
The state which this senior branch ruled and from which the dynasty took its name was the County of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen , which later became a principality -LRB- FÃ 1\/4 rstentum Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen -RRB- .
Juzanvigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Yohei Toyoda is a Japanese football player .
He currently plays for J. League division 2 side Sagan Tosu .
Culpeper is an incorporated town in Culpeper County , Virginia , United States .
Many characters and their designs were adapted from some of Katsura Hoshino 's previous works and drafts , such as Zone , and Continue , and her assistants .
Neubrandenburg -LRB- New Brandenburg , -RRB- is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
It is located in the southeastern part of the state , on the shore of a lake called the Tollensesee -LRB- 18 kmÂ -RRB- .
Millville is a city in Clayton County , Iowa , United States .
è ç -RRB- , the third daughter of Emperor SanjÅ , making him the first Emperor in 170 years -LRB- since Emperor Uda -RRB- whose mother was not of Fujiwara descent .
Go-Sanj Å 's reign spanned the years from 1068 through 1073 .
Takahito-shinn Å was the second son of Emperor Go-Suzaku . His mother was Empress -LRB- kÅ gÅ -RRB- Sadako .
David Samuel Cohen -LRB- born July 13 , 1966 -RRB- , better known as David X. Cohen , is an American television writer .
He has written for The Simpsons and he is the head writer and executive producer of Futurama .
Search Marketing , and Microsoft adCenter are the three largest network operators , and all three operate under a bid-based model .
Among PPC providers , Google AdWords , Yahoo !
Basque pelota -LRB- pilota or eusko pilota in Basque , pelota vasca in Spanish , pilota basca in Catalan , and pelote or pelote basque in French -RRB- is the name for a variety of court sports played with a ball using one 's hand , a racket , a wooden bat or a basket , against a wall -LRB- frontÃ n in Spanish , pilotaleku or pilota plaza in Basque , frontÃ in Catalan -RRB- or , more traditionally , with two teams face to face separated by a line on the ground or a net .
Their roots can be traced to the Greek and other ancient cultures , but in Europe they all derive from tennis -LRB- see Jeu de Paume -RRB- .
There is a tendency for males to be larger than the females ; however , exceptions in which the females tend to be heavier than the males include the Bush Duiker , Dwarf Antelope , Cape Grysbok , and Oribi , all rather small species .
Species of forest , woodland , or bush tend to be sedentary , but many of the plains species undertake huge migrations .
Many antelope are sexually dimorphic .
A group of antelope is called a herd .
The gnus and gazelles of East Africa perform some of the most impressive mass migratory circuits of all mammals .
The pronghorn antelope of North America is not a member of the family Bovidae , but the family Antilocapridae and not a true antelope .
These migrations enable grass-eating species to follow the rains and therefore their food supply .
True antelope have horns which are unbranched and never shed , while Pronghorns have branching horns , and shed annually .
There are 91 species , most of which are native to Africa , in about 30 genera .
The term refers to a â miscellaneousâ group within the family encompassing the old-world species which are not cattle , sheep , buffalo , bison , or goats .
In most species , both sexes have horns , but those of males tend to be larger .
Chrono Trigger inspired several expansion packs or add-ons ; the first were three titles released for the Satellaview in 1995 . They included Chrono Trigger : Jet Bike Special , a racing game based on a minigame from the original ; Chrono Trigger : Character Library , featuring profiles on characters and monsters from the game ; and Chrono Trigger : Music Library , a collection of music from the game 's soundtrack .
Chrono Trigger won multiple awards from Electronic Gaming Monthly 's 1995 video game awards , including Best Role-Playing Game , Best Music in a Cartridge-Based Game , and Best Super NES Game .
Crono stands up to Lavos but is vaporized by a powerful blast , after which Lavos destroys Zeal .
He laid out the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill , a general store and a post office -LRB- Page became the first Postmaster -RRB- .
Cary public schools were established in the late 19th century and are now part of the Wake County Public School System , the largest public school system in North Carolina .
Cary was incorporated on April 6 , 1871 , with Page becoming the first mayor .
Page was a Wake County farmer and lumberman . He and his wife , Catherine `` Kate '' Raboteau Page bought 300 a surrounding the railroad junction in 1854 and named his development Cary , after Samuel Fenton Cary -LRB- a former Ohio congressman and prohibitionist he admired -RRB- .
In 1868 , Page built a hotel to serve railroad passengers coming through Cary .
The Bhutan national football team is the national team of Bhutan and is controlled by the Bhutan Football Federation .
Turner was listed on Rolling Stones list `` The Immortals â '' The Greatest Artists of All Time '' .
Turner is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , and two of her recordings , `` River Deep - Mountain High '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and `` Proud Mary '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , are in the Grammy Hall of Fame .
In Germany , Walpurgisnacht , the night from 30 April to 1 May , is the night when witches are reputed to hold a large celebration on the Brocken and await the arrival of spring .
Barnacles are encrusters , attaching themselves permanently to a hard substrate . The most common , `` acorn barnacles '' -LRB- Sessilia -RRB- are sessile , growing their shells directly onto the substrate .
Asti is the home to several old churches .
From its inception until December 2005 , it was presented by Mark Lamarr -LRB- who also produced the show , from 2004 through to his departure -RRB- .
Bomberman Land Touch !
Bomberman Land DS in Japan -RRB- is a puzzle video game developed by Hudson Soft for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Eminence is a city in Henry County , Kentucky , United States .
Most of the album was produced by Rudy Perez and includes Spanish versions of five songs from her debut album Christina Aguilera , as well as six new songs .
The album won the Latin Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Album in 2001 .
Mi Reflejo is the second studio album and the first Spanish-language studio album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera .
It was released on September 12 , 2000 .
By definition , bosons are particles which obey Boseâ `` Einstein statistics : when one swaps two bosons , the wavefunction of the system is unchanged . Fermions , on the other hand , obey Fermiâ `` Dirac statistics and the Pauli exclusion principle : two fermions can not occupy the same quantum state as each other , resulting in a `` rigidity '' or `` stiffness '' of matter which includes fermions .
The observed elementary bosons are all gauge bosons : photons , W and Z bosons and gluons .
Several bosons can occupy the same quantum state . The word boson derives from the name of Satyendra Nath Bose .
The British Rail Class 35 is a class of mixed-traffic B-B diesel locomotive with hydraulic transmission .
On account of their Mekydro-design hydraulic transmission units , the locomotives became known as the Hymeks .
Their early withdrawal was caused , primarily , by BR classifying the hydraulic transmission as non-standard .
Four examples survived into preservation .
Withdrawal from service began in 1971 , and by 1975 all had been withdrawn .
None of the class was named .
One hundred and one of the class were built between 1961 and 1964 when it became apparent that there was a requirement for a medium power diesel-hydraulic design for both secondary passenger work and freight duties .
They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road , Cardiff Canton and Old Oak Common .
The type was developed for the Western Region of British Railways , which had opted for lightweight locomotives with hydraulic transmission when allocated funds under the British Railways Modernisation Plan of 1955 .
The Itty bitty machine company was one of the few retail stores to sell the original Apple I computer .
In 2001 he was knighted by France as `` Officier des Arts et Lettres '' .
He is also currently developing XanaduSpace - a system for the exploration of connected parallel documents -LRB- an early version of this software may be freely downloaded from .
Nelson expressed his disgust on his website , referring to Wolf as a `` Gory Jackal '' , and threatened to sue him .
Populitism is a neologism coined by Nelson , a portmanteau combining `` populism '' with `` elite . ''
The main thrust of his work has been to make computers easily accessible to ordinary people .
He is partly of Norwegian descent .
Journalist Gary Wolf published an unflattering history , `` The Curse of Xanadu '' , on Nelson and his project in the June 1995 issue of Wired calling it `` the longest-running vaporware project in the history of computing '' .
HTML is precisely what we were trying to PREVENT -- ever-breaking links , links going outward only , quotes you ca n't follow to their origins , no version management , no rights management .
Theodor Holm Nelson -LRB- born June 17 , 1937 -RRB- is an American sociologist , philosopher , and pioneer of information technology .
He coined the terms `` hypertext '' and `` hypermedia '' in 1963 and published it in 1965 .
The word suggests the society-of-text envisioned by theorists like Shoshana Zuboff and Jay David Bolter , a writing space in which traces of authority persist only as local and contingent effects , the social equivalent of the deconstructed author-function .
-- Ted Nelson -LRB- Ted Nelson one-liners -RRB-
In 2007 he celebrated his 70th birthday by giving an invited birthday lecture at the University of Southampton .
Nelson founded Project Xanadu in 1960 with the goal of creating a computer network with a simple user interface .
Ted Nelson is currently working on a new information structure , ZigZag , which is described on the Xanadu project website , which also hosts two versions of the Xanadu code .
The anime Serial Experiments Lain cites Project Xanadu as a precursor to The Wired -LRB- a fictional internet-like communications network and augmented reality system -RRB- and mentions Nelson as the originator of hypertext .
Much of his adult life has been devoted to working on Xanadu and advocating it .
The effort is documented in his 1974 book Computer Lib\/Dream Machines and the 1981 Literary Machines .
A `` populite '' culture might mark the first step toward realization of Jean-Francois Lyotard 's `` game of perfect information '' where all have equal access to the world of data , and where '' -LRB- g -RRB- iven equal competence -LRB- no longer in the acquisition of knowledge , but in its production -RRB- , what extra performativity depends on in the final analysis is ` imagination , ' which allows one either to make a new move or change the rules of the game . ''
Nelson earned a Bachelor 's degree in philosophy from Swarthmore College in 1959 , a Master 's degree in sociology from Harvard University in 1963 and a Doctorate in Media and Governance from Keio University in 2002 .
Nelson co-founded Itty bitty machine company , or `` ibm '' , which was a small computer retail store operating from 1977 to 1980 in Evanston , Illinois .
Ted Nelson promotes four maxims : â most people are fools , most authority is malignant , God does not exist , and everything is wrongâ .
He is the son of the late Emmy Award-winning director Ralph Nelson and the Academy Award-winning actress Celeste Holm .
In 2004 he was appointed as a Fellow of Wadham College , Oxford , and associated with the Oxford Internet Institute , where he is currently conducting his research .
He is a visiting fellow at Oxford University - based at the Oxford Internet Institute - where he works in the fields of information , computers , and human-machine interfaces .
This is the utopia of information-in-process , the ultimate wetware dream of the clerisy : discourse converted with 100 percent efficiency into capital , the mechanism of that magical process being nomology or rule-making â '' admittedly a rather specialized form of `` imagination . ''
He told the audience that it was the first award that he had ever received for his work .
In 1998 , at the Seventh WWW Conference in Brisbane , Australia , Ted Nelson was awarded the Yuri Rubinsky Memorial Award .
He also is credited with first use of the words transclusion , virtuality , intertwingularity and teledildonics .
He also outlined his objections in a letter to Wired , and released a detailed rebuttal of the article .
His parents ' marriage was brief and he was mostly raised by his grandparents in Greenwich Village with relatively little contact with his parents .
In 1978 he had a significant impact upon IBM 's thinking when he outlined his vision of the potential of personal computing to the team that three years later launched the IBM PC .
In contrast , a process virtual machine is designed to run a single program , which means that it supports a single process . An essential characteristic of a virtual machine is that the software running inside is limited to the resources and abstractions provided by the virtual machineâ '' it can not break out of its virtual world .
System virtual machines -LRB- sometimes called hardware virtual machines -RRB- allow the sharing of the underlying physical machine resources between different virtual machines , each running its own operating system . The software layer providing the virtualization is called a virtual machine monitor or hypervisor .
An essential characteristic of a virtual machine is that the software running inside is limited to the resources and abstractions provided by the virtual machineâ '' it can not break out of its virtual world .
He helped start The Resurgence , a repository of missional theology resources .
The co-founder and preaching pastor of Mars Hill Church in Seattle , Washington , he co-founded the Acts 29 Network , and has contributed to the `` Faith and Values '' section of the Seattle Times .
He earned a Bachelor 's degree in communications from Washington State University with a minor in philosophy and holds a Master of Arts degree in exegetical theology at Western Seminary .
Mark A. Driscoll -LRB- born October 11 , 1970 -RRB- is an American pastor and author .
He is a 1989 graduate of Highline High School in Burien , Washington , where he served as student body president and editor of the school newspaper .
Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Richard Whately commented that this parable `` is one which our Lord may be said to have put before his hearers twice ; once in words , once in action . ''
In this parable , the owner is generally regarded as representing God , and the gardener -LRB- vinedresser -RRB- Jesus .
The Parable of the Barren Fig Tree -LRB- not to be confused with the parable of the budding fig tree -RRB- is a well known parable of Jesus .
The parable has been connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree .
According to Luke the parable is about a fig tree which does not produce fruit .
Fig trees were often planted in vineyards .
In human anatomy , the metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton that is located between the phalanges -LRB- bones of the fingers -RRB- distally and the carpus which forms the connection to the forearm .
The metacarpus consists of metacarpal bones .
As of the 2000 census , the population was 1,334,544 .
Nassau County -LRB- Ë nÃ sÉ '' Ë -RRB- is a suburban county on Long Island , east of New York City in the U.S. state of New York , within the New York Metropolitan Area .
gu is the Internet country code top-level domain -LRB- ccTLD -RRB- for Guam .
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau -LRB- Madrid , 2 March 1842 â `` Oloron , 7 September 1902 -RRB- was a Spanish diplomat and writer , who wrote plays , zarzuelas -LRB- light operas -RRB- , and novels .
`` All Hope Is Gone '' is a song by Slipknot . The first single and title track from Slipknot 's fourth studio album , All Hope Is Gone .
Prior to being elected governor , Spitzer served as New York State Attorney General .
Eliot Laurence Spitzer -LRB- born June 10 , 1959 -RRB- is an American lawyer , former politician of the Democratic Party and currently a political commentator .
Arra is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan and is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil .
Lancaster Cricket Club is sited near the River Lune in Lancaster .
Lancaster is the county town of Lancashire , England .
It is situated on the River Lune and has a population of 45,952 .
Lancaster is the most northerly city in Lancashire , located three miles inland from Morecambe Bay .
Lancaster Castle is well known as the site of the infamous Pendle witch trials in 1612 .
Lancaster has several unique ties to the British monarchy ; the House of Lancaster was a branch of the English royal family , whilst the Duchy of Lancaster holds large estates on behalf of Elizabeth II , who herself is also the Duke of Lancaster . Lancaster was granted city status in 1937 for its `` long association with the crown '' and because it was `` the county town of the King 's Duchy of Lancaster '' .
The city is located on the River Lune -LRB- from which it derives its name -RRB- , and the Lancaster Canal .
In vascular plants , phloem is the living tissue that carries organic nutrients -LRB- known as photosynthate -RRB- , in particular , glucose , a sugar , to all parts of the plant where needed .
Phloem is produced in phases .
Internal phloem is mostly primary , and begins differentiation later than the external phloem and protoxylem , though it is not without exceptions . In some other families -LRB- Amaranthaceae , Nyctaginaceae , Salvadoraceae -RRB- , the cambium also periodically forms inward strands or layers of phloem , embedded in the xylem : Such phloem strands are called included phloem or interxylary phloem .
In trees , the phloem is the innermost layer of the bark , hence the name , derived from the Greek word -LRB- phloos -RRB- `` bark '' .
Lugaignac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Sodium hypochlorite is a chemical compound with the formula NaClO . Sodium hypochlorite solution , commonly known as bleach , is frequently used as a disinfectant or a bleaching agent .
Many asteroids were also discovered at the observatory , including the Trojan asteroids 2223 Sarpedon , 2260 Neoptolemus , 2363 Cebriones , 2456 Palamedes , as well as the eponymous 3494 Purple Mountain .
Purple Mountain Observatory , also known as Zijinshan Astronomical Observatory , is an astronomical observatory located on the Purple Mountain in Nanjing , China .
Uhland is a city in Caldwell and Hays Counties in the U.S. state of Texas .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 1.8 square miles -LRB- 4.7 kmÂ -RRB- , all of it land .
Master of the Queen 's Music -LRB- or Master of the King 's Music -RRB- is a post in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom .
Sir Peter Maxwell Davies was appointed in March 2004 for a ten-year period , unlike previous appointments , which were for life .
A mercury battery -LRB- also called mercuric oxide battery , or mercury cell -RRB- is a non-rechargeable electrochemical battery , a primary cell .
Stephane Houdet and Stefan Olsson won in the final 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 against Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink .
Version 4 of iTunes introduced the iTunes Store , then named the iTunes Music Store , from which iTunes users can buy and download songs for use on a limited number of computers and an unlimited number of iPods .
iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store to purchase and download music , music videos , television shows , iPod Games , Audiobooks , Podcasts , movies and movie rentals -LRB- not available in all countries -RRB- , and Ringtones -LRB- only available on iPhone and iPod Touch 4th Generation -RRB- .
iTunes supports copying music to an iPod ; however , only music and videos purchased from the iTunes store can be transferred from the iPod back to iTunes .
The synchronization is limited , however , in that the iPod is the only digital music player compatible with Apple 's proprietary FairPlay digital rights management technology , and thus most music purchased through the iTunes Store -LRB- before the introduction of iTunes Plus -RRB- can only be played on an iPod .
Cormont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Shells are commonly colored brown , black , or olive green .
The color of a turtle 's shell may vary .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
In some species , shells may have red , orange , yellow , or gray markings and these markings are often spots , lines , or irregular blotches .
The largest living chelonian is the leatherback sea turtle -LRB- Dermochelys coriacea -RRB- , which reaches a shell length of 200 c and can reach a weight of over 900 k. Freshwater turtles are generally smaller , but with the largest species , the Asian softshell turtle Pelochelys cantorii , a few individuals have been reported up to 200 c. This dwarfs even the better-known alligator snapping turtle , the largest chelonian in North America , which attains a shell length of up to 80 c and a weight of about 60 k. Giant tortoises of the genera Geochelone , Meiolania , and others were relatively widely distributed around the world into prehistoric times , and are known to have existed in North and South America , Australia , and Africa .
Sea turtles are almost entirely aquatic and have flippers instead of feet .
Some aquatic turtles , such as snapping turtles and soft-shelled turtles , have eyes closer to the top of the head .
Florida City is located at .
Jorge Manuel Almeida Gomes de Andrade , OIH -LRB- ; born 9 April 1978 -RRB- is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a central defender .
It was founded in 1907 in the town of Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov , which is now a district of Prague .
AFK Union Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov is a football club in the Czech Republic .
It was founded circa 1958 â `` 1959 by Malaclypse the Younger with the publication of its principal text , the Principia Discordia .
The place of birth is the place where a person was born .
This place is often used in legal documents , together with name and date of birth , to uniquely identify a person .
The chance of offspring with albinism resulting from the pairing of an organism with albinism and one without albinism is low .
Praxidike orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,824 Mm in 613.904 days , at an inclination of 144 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 143 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1840 .
Praxidike belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured heliocentric asteroid .
With an estimated diameter of 7 km , Praxidike is the second largest member of the group after Ananke itself -LRB- assumed albedo of 0.04 -RRB- .
It was named in August 2003 after Praxidike , the Greek goddess of punishment .
Basseux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On December 11 , 2008 , Snitsky was released from his WWE contract .
Eugene Alan `` Gene '' Snisky -LRB- born January 14 , 1970 -RRB- is a professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Snitsky , who is best known for his time spent with World Wrestling Entertainment .
Hayato Hashimoto is a Japanese footballer who plays for Omiya Ardija .
If a manifold has a fixed dimension , it is called a pure manifold .
Before the modern concept of a manifold there were several important results .
Born in YapeyÃ , Corrientes in Argentina , he left his mother country at the early age of seven and studied in an aristocratic school in Madrid , Spain , where he met and befriended Chilean Bernardo O'Higgins .
JosÃ Francisco de San MartÃ n GÃ mez y Matorras , also known as JosÃ de San MartÃ n -LRB- c. 1778 â `` 17 August 1850 -RRB- , was an Argentine general and the prime leader of the southern part of South America 's successful struggle for independence from Spain .
Together with SimÃ n BolÃ var , San MartÃ n is regarded as one of the Liberators of Spanish South America .
The bird 's beak was large and immensely powerful , leading early researchers to believe that it was used to shear through tough plant stalks .
Dromornis are part of a family of giant birds called Dromornithidae that lived from 15 million years ago until less than 30,000 years ago .
Dromornis is a genus of prehistoric birds .
Dromornis lived in Australia from the late Miocene to the early Pliocene , therefore meaning that early humans never encountered this genus .
Its legs were powerful , but it is not believed to have been a fast runner .
This species had a long neck and stub-like wings , rendering it flightless .
However , recently others have argued that the size of the beak suggests that the bird was a carnivore .
The animals of Australia had evolved very slowly in almost complete isolation from the animals of other continents .
Dromornis stirtoni was three metres -LRB- 10 feet -RRB- tall and weighed half a ton -LRB- 500 kilos -RRB- .
Dromornis had a huge beak and jaw capable of great force but did not have the beak or claws of a carnivore .
It inhabited subtropical open woodlands in Australia during the Late Miocene and may have been carnivorous .
It was heavier than the Moa and taller than Aepyornis .
Midlothian is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
The word `` curfew '' comes from the French phrase `` couvre-feu '' which means `` cover the fire '' .
It was used to describe the time of blowing out all lamps and candles .
Lucimar Ferreira da Silva -LRB- born 8 May 1978 -RRB- , commonly known as LÃ cio , is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays for Italian Serie A club Internazionale and the Brazilian national team .
The Mongolian Hamster -LRB- Allocricetulus curtatus -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family .
It is found in China and Mongolia .
There are 70,000 new AIDS orphans a year .
By the year 2010 , it is estimated that over 20 million children will be orphaned by AIDS .
In 2005 the highest number of AIDS orphans as a percentage of all orphans was in Zimbabwe .
In statistics from the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV\/AIDS -LRB- UNAIDS -RRB- , the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- and the United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- , the term is used for a child whose mother has died due to AIDS before the child 's 15th birthday , regardless of whether the father is still alive .
The highest number of orphans due to AIDS alive in 2007 was in South Africa -LRB- although the definition of AIDS orphan in South African statistics includes children up to the age of 18 who have lost either biological parent -RRB- .
As a result of this definition , one study estimated that 80 % of all AIDS orphans still have one living parent .
An AIDS orphan is a child who became an orphan because one or both parents died from AIDS .
It nests in colonies on oceanic islands .
The Red-tailed Tropicbird , Phaethon rubricauda , is a seabird that nests across the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
It is the rarest of the tropicbirds , yet is still a widespread bird that is not considered threatened .
Its county seat is Guymon .
Texas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Each example of deconstruction must be different but it must also share something with other examples of deconstruction .
Each deconstruction is necessarily different -LRB- otherwise it achieves no work -RRB- and this is why Derrida states that â Deconstruction takes place , it is an event . â On the other hand deconstruction can not be completely untranscendental because this would make it meaningless to , for example , speak of two different examples of deconstruction as both being examples of deconstruction .
RocheserviÃ re is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
As Glock was a guest driver he was ineligible to score points .
Half points were awarded at the 2009 Malaysian Grand Prix as less than 75 % of the race distance was completed .
Season in progress .
At the 2004 Canadian Grand Prix , standing in for Giorgio Pantano who had a contract dispute with Jordan Grand Prix , he joined a select group of drivers who have scored a World Championship point in their first Formula One race .
Timo Glock -LRB- born 18 March 1982 -RRB- is a German motor racing driver , currently driving in Formula One for the Virgin Racing team .
Season in progress .
In July 2009 Vassell signed for the Turkish side AnkaragÃ 1\/4 cÃ 1\/4 .
Darius Vassell -LRB- born 13 June 1980 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Championship side Leicester City , having previously played for Aston Villa , Manchester City and AnkaragÃ 1\/4 cÃ 1\/4 , as well as the England national team .
The Yalta Conference , sometimes called the Crimea Conference and codenamed the Argonaut Conference , was the February 4 â `` 11 , 1945 wartime meeting of the heads of government of the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Soviet Unionâ '' President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Prime Minister Winston Churchill , and General Secretary Joseph Stalin , respectivelyâ '' for the purpose of discussing Europe 's post-war reorganization .
Bicknell is a city in Knox County , Indiana , United States .
The Fiat Stilo is a small family car available as a 3-door and a 5-door hatchback , as well as an estate -LRB- Fiat Stilo MultiWagon -RRB- , produced by the Italian automaker Fiat Automobiles . The Stilo 3-door and 5-door were launched in 2001 to replace the Fiat Bravo\/Brava , with the Stilo MultiWagon following in 2002 .
Neunkirch is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Flag of Louisiana .
The 1953 Korean War Armistice is a major example of an armistice which has not been followed by a peace treaty .
It is derived from the Latin arma , meaning weapons and statium , meaning a stopping .
An armistice is a modus vivendi and is not the same as a peace treaty , which may take months or even years to agree on .
A truce or ceasefire usually refers to a temporary cessation of hostilities for an agreed limited time or within a limited area .
A truce may be needed in order to negotiate an armistice .
The most notable armistice , simply known by Europeans as `` The Armistice '' , was the armistice at the end of World War I , on 11 November 1918 , signed near CompiÃ gne , France , and effective at the `` eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month . ''
An armistice is a situation in a war where the warring parties agree to stop fighting .
Armistices are always negotiated between the parties themselves and are thus generally seen as more binding than non-mandatory UN cease-fire resolutions in modern international law .
The United Nations Security Council often imposes or tries to impose cease-fire resolutions on parties in modern conflicts .
Celle is a town and capital of the district of Celle , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Finally , in 1881 parts of Granville County , Franklin County , and Warren County were combined to form Vance County .
As of 2000 , the population was 48,498 .
Granville County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
In 1752 parts of Granville County , Bladen County , and Johnston County were combined to form Orange County .
Its county seat is Oxford .
Granville County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
In 1764 the eastern part of Granville County became Bute County .
You 're destined to sing . ''
Choking back tears , Clarkson performed the ballad `` A Moment Like This '' , the song written for the winner of American Idol , which would subsequently appear on her debut album , Thankful .
Clarkson attended Pauline G Hughes Middle School and Burleson High School .
Upon high school graduation , Clarkson was offered full scholarships to The University of Texas at Austin , University of North Texas , and Berklee , but decided against college because she had `` already written so much music and wanted to try it on her own , '' and she figured `` you 're never too old to go to college . ''
Her albums have sold over 10.5 million copies in the United States . Clarkson is the only American Idol contestant to have reached number one in the UK .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson -LRB- born April 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American pop rock singer-songwriter and actress .
Clarkson is also ranked on the top 200 album sellers of the Nielsen SoundScan era at number 187 .
In seventh grade , a teacher -LRB- Mrs. Cynthia Glenn -RRB- overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir ; Clarkson told the teacher that she had never received professional vocal training .
She wanted to become a marine biologist but changed her mind after seeing the movie Jaws .
Clarkson rose to fame after winning the inaugural season of the television series American Idol in 2002 and would later become the runner-up in the television special World Idol in 2003 .
You 've got to sing .
When Clarkson was six years old , her parents divorced after seventeen years of marriage .
Clarkson continued singing and soon started classical training , hoping that music would be her ticket to a college scholarship .
She sang at her high school talent show , after which an audience member shared some inspiring words with her : `` God has given you this gift .
Clarkson won the first season of American Idol on September 4 , 2002 , earning 58 % of the vote to 42 % for runner-up Justin Guarini .
When released as a single in October 2002 , it set a record on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart when it rose from number 52 to number one .
In high school , Clarkson performed in musicals such as Annie Get Your Gun , Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Brigadoon .
Clarkson was born in Fort Worth , Texas , and grew up in the small town of Burleson , a suburb of Fort Worth . She is the third and youngest child of Jeanne Rose , a first grade English teacher of Greek descent , and Stephen Michael Clarkson , a former engineer of Welsh extraction .
Dortan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
For instance , thyrotoxicosis could instead be caused by ingestion of exogenous thyroid hormone or inflammation of the thyroid gland , causing it to release its stores of thyroid hormones .
Hyperthyroidism is thus a cause of thyrotoxicosis , the clinical condition of increased thyroid hormones in the blood . It is important to note that hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis are not synonymous .
Labor Co-operative describes those candidates in British elections standing on behalf of both the Labor Party and the Co-operative Party , based on a national agreement between the two parties .
Only Labor Co-operative MPs and peers belong to the parliamentary Co-operative Party group .
The Edict of Milan -LRB- Edictum Mediolanense -RRB- was a letter signed by emperors Constantine I and Licinius that proclaimed religious toleration in the Roman Empire .
The two Augusti were in Milan to celebrate the wedding of Constantine 's younger half-sister Constantia with Licinius .
The letter was issued in AD 313 , shortly after the conclusion of the Diocletianic Persecution .
The Christians ' meeting places and other properties were to be returned : ... the same shall be restored to the Christians without payment or any claim of recompense and without any kind of fraud or deception ...
The Edict of Milan was issued in AD 313 , in the names of the Emperor Constantine , who ruled the western parts of the empire , and Licinius , who ruled the East .
Wherefore , for this our indulgence , they ought to pray to their God for our safety , for that of the republic , and for their own , that the commonwealth may continue uninjured on every side , and that they may be able to live securely in their homes .
Flavius Theodosius -LRB- 11 January 347 â `` 17 January 395 -RRB- , commonly known as Theodosius I or Theodosius the Great , was Roman Emperor from 379 to 395 .
Theodosius was the last emperor to rule over both the eastern and the western halves of the Roman Empire .
He also issued decrees that effectively made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire .
MÃ rk 's passionate interest in chamber music led to the foundation of the International Chamber Music Festival of Stavanger .
In 1994 , he toured the United States with the Oslo Philharmonic , including debuts at Carnegie Hall and the Kennedy Center .
MÃ rk plays a rare Domenico Montagnana cello -LRB- Venice , 1723 -RRB- , the scroll of which was made by Stradivarius .
He also played the violin , but soon switched to the cello , taking lessons from his father .
MÃ rk holds a Professorship at the Norwegian Academy of Music , Oslo .
In 1982 , MÃ rk became the first Scandinavian musician to reach the finals of the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow and won 6th Prize .
His mother began teaching him the piano when he was seven .
Truls Olaf Otterbech MÃ rk -LRB- born 25 April 1961 -RRB- is a Norwegian cellist .
MÃ rk began his studies with Frans Helmerson at 17 at the renowned Edsberg Music Institute . An admirer of Mstislav Rostropovich and the Russian school of cello , MÃ rk went on to study with the Russian cellist Natalia Shakhovskaya .
In the United Kingdom the two-stage Channel Tunnel Rail Link project was completed on 14 November 2007 and renamed High Speed 1 , when the London terminus of Eurostar transferred from Waterloo International to St Pancras International .
The LGV Nord line in France opened before Eurostar services began in 1994 , and newer lines enabling faster journeys were added laterâ '' HSL 1 in Belgium and High Speed 1 in southern England .
The Penny Lilac was the basic penny postage stamp of Great Britain from its first issue on 12 July 1881 and was used until 1901 .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
A regular n-simplex may be constructed from a regular -LRB- n â ' 1 -RRB- - simplex by connecting a new vertex to all original vertices by the common edge length .
A single point may be considered a 0-simplex , and a line segment may be considered a 1-simplex .
In geometry , a simplex -LRB- plural simplexes or simplices -RRB- is a generalization of the notion of a triangle or tetrahedron to arbitrary dimension . Specifically , an n-simplex is an n-dimensional polytope which is the convex hull of its n + 1 vertices .
A regular simplex is a simplex that is also a regular polytope .
For example , a 2-simplex is a triangle , a 3-simplex is a tetrahedron , and a 4-simplex is a pentachoron .
MÃ guet is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in central-eastern Burkina Faso .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 34,668 . .
Its capital lies at the town of MÃ guet .
Before the 1590s , stockings were made of woven cloth . The first knitting machines were for making stockings .
Tomorrow normally refers to the day after the present day .
In French , it is called la SociÃ tÃ Radio-Canada -LRB- Radio-Canada or SRC -RRB- .
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , commonly known as the CBC , is a Canadian crown corporation that serves as the national public radio and television broadcaster .
Robert Moses `` Lefty '' Grove -LRB- March 6 , 1900 -- May 22 , 1975 -RRB- was a professional baseball pitcher .
A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin .
Originally planned as a trilogy , the series now consists of four published volumes with three more planned .
Martin began writing the series in 1991 and the first volume was published in 1996 .
The series has been translated into more than twenty languages and the fourth volume reached the top of The New York Times bestseller lists upon its release .
Puy-de-Serre is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period .
British Rail Class D3\/9 was a class of four locomotives built by the London and North Eastern Railway at their Doncaster Works in England .
It consumed 13,200 houses , 87 parish churches , St. Paul 's Cathedral , and most of the buildings of the City authorities .
This reasoning has recently been challenged on the grounds that the deaths of poor and middle-class people were not recorded anywhere , and that the heat of the fire may have cremated many victims , leaving no recognisable remains .
It is estimated that it destroyed the homes of 70,000 of the City 's 80,000 inhabitants .
Despite numerous radical proposals , London was reconstructed on essentially the same street plan used before the fire .
It threatened , but did not reach , the aristocratic district of Westminster , Charles II 's Palace of Whitehall , and most of the suburban slums .
The social and economic problems created by the disaster were overwhelming .
Evacuation from London and resettlement elsewhere were strongly encouraged by Charles II , who feared a London rebellion amongst the dispossessed refugees .
A cupcake -LRB- British English : fairy cake ; Australian English : patty cake or cup cake -RRB- is a small cake designed to serve one person , frequently baked in a small , thin paper or aluminum cup .
As with larger cakes , frosting and other cake decorations , such as sprinkles , are common on cupcakes .
This is the list of Grand Viziers of the Ottoman Empire .
Until Hackney Central 's closure in 1944 , a passenger connection linked the two stations .
However , when Hackney Central reopened in 1985 , the footway did not reopen , and passengers transferring between the two stations are obliged to leave the station and transfer at street level .
Hackney Downs railway station is in the London Borough of Hackney in east London .
The station was originally opened as Downs Junction Station .
The station , and all trains serving it , is operated by National Express East Anglia , on the West Anglia route , and it is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
The station is a short walk from Hackney Central , on the North London Line .
Though their grandson Charles I of Spain -LRB- also known as Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor -RRB- favored Seville , it was Charles ' son , Philip II -LRB- 1527 â `` 1598 -RRB- who moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
The Crown of Castile , with its capital at Toledo , and the Crown of Aragon , with its capital at Zaragoza , were welded into modern Spain by the Catholic Monarchs -LRB- Queen Isabella of Castile and King Ferdinand II of Aragon -RRB- .
In organic and inorganic chemistry , nucleophilic substitution is a fundamental class of substitution reaction in which an `` electron rich '' nucleophile selectively bonds with or attacks the positive or partially positive charge of an atom attached to a group or atom called the leaving group ; the positive or partially positive atom is referred to as an electrophile .
This category contains lists related to the sport of ice hockey .
It is currently developed and published by YoYo Games , a software company in which Overmars is involved .
For experienced users or those with computer programming experience , Game Maker contains a built-in scripting programming language called the Game Maker Language -LRB- GML -RRB- , allowing more complex games to be made with the program .
Game Maker was originally titled Animo , a program specializing in 2D animation .
System requirements for Game Maker 8 .
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Supported browsers are the current versions of Firefox , Safari and Chrome .
The default number of columns is 2 .
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
This template is a shortcut for producing columns using CSS .
Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident , sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum .
It generates the CSS for various browsers .
The Shiva Samhita defines the yogi Kanabar as someone who knows that the entire cosmos is situated within his own body , and the Yoga-Shikha-Upanishad distinguishes two kinds of yogis : those who pierce through the `` sun '' -LRB- surya -RRB- by means of the various yogic techniques and those who access the door of the central conduit -LRB- sushumna-nadi -RRB- and drink the nectar .
At a minimum , HDTV has twice the linear resolution of standard-definition television -LRB- SDTV -RRB- , thus showing greater detail than either analog television or regular DVD .
High-definition television -LRB- or HDTV -RRB- refers to video having resolution substantially higher than traditional television systems -LRB- standard-definition TV , or SDTV , or SD -RRB- .
Bredbury is a village within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , in Greater Manchester , England , located 7.9 m south east of Manchester , 1.8 m east of Stockport and 3.2 m south west of Hyde .
At the 2001 census it had a population of 15,126 .
Saint-Rem Ã ze is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
These religions are also classified as Eastern religions . Although Indian religions are connected through the history of India , they constitute a wide range of religious communities and Indian religions are not confined to the Indian subcontinent .
It was written as a book `` for children and those who love children '' -LRB- as quoted from its subtitle -RRB- in 1880 by Swiss author Johanna Spyri . The two sequel books , Heidi Grows Up and Heidi 's Children , were neither written nor endorsed by Spyri , but were written by her English translator , Charles Tritten , many years after she died .
There are two basic types of feather : vaned feathers which cover the exterior of the body , and down feathers which are underneath the vaned feathers . The pennaceous feathers are vaned feathers .
It prevents word wraps -LRB- line breaks -RRB- within text or inside a link which contains spaces or hyphens -LRB- '' - '' -RRB- .
For text that includes a vertical bar '' '' , escape the bar -LRB- s -RRB- with '' '' or '' '' .
For text that includes an equal-sign '' = '' , precede the text with or use a triple-brace unnamed parameter : .
The term means `` little war '' in Spanish , and the word , guerrilla , has been used to describe the concept since the 18th century , and perhaps earlier .
The other members of the hadron family are the baryons : subatomic particles composed of three quarks rather than two .
Charged mesons decay -LRB- sometimes through intermediate particles -RRB- to form electrons and neutrinos . Uncharged mesons may decay to photons .
Mesons are part of the hadron particle family , defined simply as particles composed of quarks .
Since quarks have a spin of 1\/2 , the difference in quark-number between mesons and baryons results in mesons being bosons while baryons are fermionsâ '' that is , mesons have integer spin while baryons have half-integer spin .
The pool does have animal and plant life , including pickleweed , aquatic insects , and the Badwater snail .
A popular site for tourists is the sign marking `` sea level '' on the cliff above Badwater .
This , the United States ' greatest evaporation potential , means that even a 12-foot-deep , 30-mile-long lake would dry up in a single year .
Badwater Basin is an endorheic basin in Death Valley National Park , Death Valley , Inyo County , California , noted as the lowest point in North America , with an elevation of 282 f below sea level .
During the Holocene , when the regional climate was less dry , streams running from nearby mountains gradually filled Death Valley to a depth of almost 3 f , and together with Cotton Bail Marsh and Middle Basin , made up the 80 m long , Lake Manly .
While the basin is flooded , some of the salt is dissolved ; it is redeposited as clean crystals when the water evaporates .
The pool itself is not actually the lowest point of the basin : the lowest point -LRB- which is only slightly lower -RRB- is several miles to the west and varies in position .
However , the salt flats are hazardous to traverse -LRB- in many cases being only a thin white crust over mud -RRB- , and so the sign is at the pool .
At Badwater , significant rainstorms flood the valley bottom periodically , covering the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .
A Girl Like Me : The Gwen Araujo Story is a 2006 LGBT biography television movie directed by award-winning director Agnieszka Holland and aired on Lifetime Television .
Scenes depicting the murder trial are shown alternating with the story of Gwen 's life .
The story documents the real life of Gwen Araujo , born Edward Araujo , Jr. , a transgender teenager who was murdered after it was discovered by acquaintances that she had male genitalia .
It premiered on the Lifetime Television network in the US on June 19 , 2006 .
The movie stars J. D. Pardo as Eddie\/Gwen , Mercedes Ruehl as her mother , and Avan Jogia as her brother , Danny .
The Chesterfield and District Tramways Company was a tramway system in the Derbyshire town of Chesterfield .
In many nations , the title `` premier '' is used interchangeably with `` prime minister '' . In the People 's Republic of China , `` premier '' is more common , but `` prime minister '' is still used -LRB- see Premier of the People 's Republic of China -RRB- .
It also won the 2006 Highlands Children 's Book award for Long Novels in 2006 .
La GaubretiÃ re is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Pope John XXIII , born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli -LRB- 25 November 1881 -- 3 June 1963 -RRB- , known as Blessed John XXIII since his beatification , was elected as the 261st Pope of the Catholic Church and Sovereign of Vatican City on 28 October 1958 .
Barie is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Formigny is a commune in the of Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northewestern France .
Gonneville-sur-Honfleur is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
... I Did It Again '' , `` Everybody -LRB- Backstreet 's Back -RRB- '' , `` That 's the Way It Is '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
Raised in Stenhamra , a suburb of Stockholm , Sweden , he broke through as a producer and songwriter in the mid 1990s after crafting a string of hits for pop artists like the Backstreet Boys , Britney Spears , \* NSYNC , Robyn , Kelly Clarkson , Katy Perry , and Pink , among many others .
Some of his earlier hits include `` I Want It That Way '' , '' ... Baby One More Time '' , `` Larger Than Life '' , `` Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely '' , `` Oops !
Martin Karl Sandberg , known professionally as Max Martin , -LRB- born 26 February 1971 -RRB- is a Swedish music producer and songwriter .
Give wikilinked and non-wikilinked names , as well as any possible abbreviations -LRB- eg .
United States , USA -RRB- .
Most countries are not yet covered .
Do NOT substitute this template at this time , it transludes the entire # switch construction instead of just the link you want .
__ notoc __ Given a country and a political party , this template will give an abbreviation that links to the entry on that party .
Each country contains 2 switch groups : one for acronyms , another for non-acronyms .
This second group should always end with the Independent and default options .
When adding entries within the template , list countries in alphabetical order .
The Adventures of Pinocchio is a novel for children by Italian author Carlo Collodi , written in Florence . The first half was originally a serial between 1881 and 1883 , and then later completed as a book for children in February 1883 .
The Moral Code was adopted at the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1961 , as part of the new Party Programme .
Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve codified moral rules in the Soviet Union which every member of the Communist Party of the USSR and every Komsomol member were supposed to follow .
For example , `` You shall not commit adultery '' of Moses loosely corresponds to `` Mutual respect in a family , concern about the upbringing of children '' of the Code .
-LRB- An example of the latter one is ` One for all , and all for one ' -LRB- '' Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ
The Code contained a number of popular Soviet clichÃ s ; in fact it was intentionally formulated to contain catch phrases , either invented by Soviet ideologists , or borrowed .
For example , the `` Do not steal '' may be loosely matched to `` Concern of everyone about the preservation and multiplication of the common wealth '' .
Four of the rules , making up one-third of the Code , are of a political character .
Unlike the Ten Commandments , however , the rules of the Code were not concrete rules of conduct ; they were stated as the rules of attitude .
The very first moral principle was `` Devotion to the cause of communism '' .
, Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 '' -RRB- which was borrowed from The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas , pÃ re . -RRB-
The City of Falls Church is an independent city in Virginia , United States , in the Washington Metropolitan Area .
So the name signifies that the town was at the head or end of a round hill .
This probably refers to Tuach Hill to the south of the town .
Ceann means the head , or the end , and Torr means a round hill .
The name Kintore comes from the Gaelic , Ceann-an-torr .
Kintore -LRB- Gaelic : Ceann TÃ rr -RRB- is a town and former royal burgh near Inverurie in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , now bypassed by the A96 road between Aberdeen and Inverness .
It is the second highest-selling game in the Gran Turismo franchise ahead of Gran Turismo but behind Gran Turismo 3 : A-Spec respectively .
He authored more than 100 scientific articles and a number of books , including LSD : My Problem Child .
At the age of twenty , Hofmann began his chemistry degree at the University of ZÃ 1\/4 rich , finishing three years later , in 1929 .
This led to the synthesis of psilocybin , the active agent of many `` magic mushrooms . ''
His main interest was the chemistry of plants and animals , and he later conducted important research regarding the chemical structure of the common animal substance chitin , for which he received his doctorate , with distinction , in 1930 .
Hofmann became director of the natural products department at Sandoz and continued studying hallucinogenic substances found in Mexican mushrooms and other plants used by the aboriginal people .
Albert Hofmann -LRB- January 11 , 1906 â `` April 29 , 2008 -RRB- was a Swiss scientist known best for being the first person to synthesize , ingest and learn of the psychedelic effects of lysergic acid diethylamide -LRB- LSD -RRB- .
Lymph nodes are found all through the body , and act as filters or traps for foreign particles .
Humans have approximately 500-600 lymph nodes distributed throughout the body , with clusters found in the underarms , groin , neck , chest , and abdomen .
However , lymphocytes , a type of white blood cell , will meet the antigens , or proteins , in the peripheral lymphoid organs , which includes lymph nodes . The antigens are displayed by specialized cells in the lymph nodes .
A lymph node is a small ball-shaped organ of the immune system , distributed widely throughout the body including the armpit and stomach\/gut and linked by lymphatic vessels . Lymph nodes are garrisons of B , T , and other immune cells .
They attempt to show that the assumed propositions lead to a logical contradiction and can not therefore all be correct .
Versions such as these are referred to as the logical problem of evil .
This assertion leads to a polytheistic interpretation of Christianity where god is not omnipotent , but since Plantinga 's goal is to defeat only the assertion that God and evil are logically incompatible , even a highly implausible but possible , coherent instance of God 's coexistence with evil is sufficient for his purposes .
Many philosophers accept that arguments such as Plantinga 's free will defense -LRB- in brief , that possibly God allows evil in order to achieve the ultimately greater good of free will -RRB- successfully solve the logical problem of evil in terms of human action ; the question of how free will and God 's Omniscience are compatible remains , however -LRB- see the Argument from free will -RRB- .
Some responses include the arguments that true free will can not exist without the possibility of evil , that humans can not understand God , that suffering is necessary for spiritual growth or evil is the consequence of a fallen world .
Place the template in the location where the TOC is to be displayed .
This provides editors an option to better pages with long TOCs so that the lead is n't by default occupied with a large amount of dead blank space .
This template is for page -LRB- Table Of Contents -RRB- code to go into a collapsible box that has -LRB- show -RRB- \/ -LRB- hide -RRB- functionality with the default being that the box is collapsed -LRB- and the TOC hidden -RRB- thereby allowing for a single click on the -LRB- show -RRB- area for display .
Alternative : - The necessity of this template is often disputed , so apply it with consideration .
A suggested alternative is : .
Note that Show Preview will show the TOC ; the page must first be saved before the TOC will be hidden .
The Fiat Panda is a city car from the Italian automobile manufacturer Fiat . The first Fiat Panda was introduced in 1980 , and was produced until 2003 with only a few changes .
Currently , in Canada , Thanksgiving is celebrated on the second Monday of October and in the United States , it is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November .
`` Heart-Shaped Box '' is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana , written by vocalist and guitarist Kurt Cobain .
The song was released as the first single from the group 's third and final studio album , In Utero , in 1993 .
LucÃ ram is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Orange City is located at .
These units were the first express 25 kV alternating current -LRB- AC -RRB- units to be built by British Rail , and British Rail 's first EMUs to be capable of 100 mph .
The British Rail Class 309 `` Clacton Express '' electric multiple units -LRB- EMUs -RRB- were built by British Rail -LRB- BR -RRB- York Works from 1962-1963 .
They were initially classified as Class AM9 before the introduction of TOPS .
He currently plays as a striker for the German club Borussia Dortmund as well as the Egyptian national team .
Mohamed Abdullah Zidan -LRB- born December 11 , 1981 in Port Said -RRB- is an Egyptian footballer .
Bernhard Carl `` Bert '' Trautmann , OBE -LRB- born 22 October 1923 -RRB- , is a German former professional footballer who played for Manchester City from 1949 to 1964 .
ESPN consider Trautmann as one of the greatest FA Cup goalkeepers , with Trautmann representing Manchester City in two consecutive FA Cup finals in 1955 and 1956 .
Birmingham attacked strongly in the next ten minutes . In the 75th minute Trautmann , diving at an incoming ball , was knocked out in a collision with Birmingham 's Peter Murphy in which he was hit in the neck by Murphy 's right knee .
Dominique Rocheteau -LRB- born January 14 , 1955 in Saintes , Charente-Maritime -RRB- is a former football striker from France , who is currently the head of the National Commission of Ethics of the French Football Association .
Note : in 2002 the award was not given .
This is a list with all the WTA Awards given by the Women 's Tennis Association to players who have done or achieved something remarkable during the season or their career .
Chavanges is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Le Mesnil-Caussois is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Later American explorers , some of whom were originally part of the Lewis and Clark expedition , journeyed into the Snake River watershed and records show a variety of names have been associated with the river . The explorer Wilson Price Hunt of the Astor Expedition named the river as Mad River .
They also referred to the Shoshone Indians as the `` Snake Indians '' , which became the present-day name of the river .
By the time the Lewis and Clark Expedition crossed the Rockies and sighted the valley of the Snake 's major tributary , the Salmon River , the Nez Perce and Shoshone were the most powerful tribes along the Snake River .
A stork carries two babies across the sea , but the evil Magikoopa Kamek emerges , and steals Baby Luigi , and Baby Mario falls onto an island in the middle of the sea , called Yoshi 's Island , home to all Yoshis . He lands on a green Yoshi , who was apparently taking a walk , and Mario and the rest of the Yoshi gang must journey through the game 's six worlds to rescue Baby Luigi and the stork back from Baby Bowser and Kamek .
There are enemies and obstacles that endanger Yoshi and Baby Mario on each stage . If Yoshi is struck by an enemy , Baby Mario will be sprung from Yoshi 's back and float around in a bubble crying while a timer counts down ; if Yoshi does not reunite with Baby Mario before the timer reaches 0 , Baby Bowser 's minions will fly on screen and kidnap him , ending the level and reducing the player 's chances to retry by one .
Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island , originally released as Super Mario : Yossy Island in Japan , is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the SNES console .
A sequel for the Nintendo DS , Yoshi 's Island DS , was released in 2006 .
Speedily Approved .
Exeter also has an archery club , the Exeter Company of Archers , based at Exeter School .
TelÃ Santana da Silva , also known as TelÃ Santana -LRB- July 26 , 1931 -- April 21 , 2006 -RRB- , was a Brazilian football manager and former player .
Na + \/ K + - ATPase -LRB- fully Sodium-Potassium Adenosine Triphosphatase , also known as the Na + \/ K + pump , sodium-potassium pump , or simply sodium pump , for short -RRB- is an enzyme located in the plasma membrane -LRB- to be specific , an electrogenic transmembrane ATPase -RRB- in all animals .
YÅ jiro Takahagi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
Nausea -LRB- Latin nausea , from Greek , nausiÄ `` , `` motion sickness '' , or `` wamble '' -RRB- , is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit .
While most causes of nausea are not serious some serious causes do occur .
Nausea or `` morning sickness '' is a common symptom of pregnancy .
Connective Tissue -LRB- CT -RRB- is found throughout the body .
Connective tissue is a fibrous tissue .
It is one of the four traditional classes of tissues -LRB- the others being epithelial , muscle , and nervous tissue -RRB- .
Collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % of the total protein content .
Connective tissue makes up a variety of physical structures including , tendons , blood , cartilage , bone , adipose tissue , and lymphatic tissue .
CT is classified into three subtypes ; Embryonic CT , Proper CT , and Special CT .
It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .
Finntroll 's lyrics are mostly in Swedish , the only exception being the song `` Madon Laulu '' on Visor Om Slutet . Finntroll 's first singer Katla decided to use Swedish over Finnish since he was part of a Swedish-speaking minority in Finland and the sound of the language seemed to better suit the band 's `` trollish '' outfit .
After the demo recording , drummer Samu Ruotsalainen -LRB- from Barathrum , Shape of Despair and Rapture -RRB- , guitarist Samuli Ponsimaa , keyboardist Henri `` Trollhorn '' Sorvali -LRB- from Moonsorrow -RRB- and bassist Sami Uusitalo joined the band .
Their first demo , `` Rivfader '' -LRB- `` Ripfather '' -RRB- , was recorded about a year later , in 1998 .
Finntroll is an extreme metal and folk metal band from Helsinki , Finland .
On January 29 , 2006 , Tapio Wilska , vocalist of the band since 2002 , was fired from the band .
They combine elements of black metal , death metal , and folk metal with a type of Finnish folk music called humppa .
The record label Spinefarm got interested in the band then , and made a contract , yielding the album Midnattens Widunder -LRB- `` Monstrosities Of The Midnight '' -RRB- as a result .
It was originally called Yorkshire and Humberside , and defined as North Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , South Yorkshire and Humberside .
The highest point of the region is Whernside , in the Yorkshire Dales , at 737 m. The largest freshwater lake is Hornsea Mere in the East Riding of Yorkshire .
Yorkshire and the Humber is one of the nine government office regions of England .
It covers most of the historic county of Yorkshire , along with the part of northern Lincolnshire that was , from 1974 to 1996 , within the former shire county of Humberside .
Winchester Cathedral at Winchester in Hampshire is one of the largest cathedrals in England , with the longest nave and overall length of any Gothic cathedral in Europe .
Dedicated to the Holy Trinity , Saint Peter , Saint Paul , and Saint Swithun , it is the seat of the Bishop of Winchester and center of the Diocese of Winchester .
CondÃ - en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the United Kingdom , the entire series aired on Sky1 and BBC Two , and on TV3 in Ireland .
The first five seasons aired on The WB , and in 2001 , it transferred to the UPN for its final two seasons .
The following is a list of episodes of the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , which premiered March 10 , 1997 , with its series finale airing May 20 , 2003 .
Two complete series collections -LRB- The Chosen Collection and The Complete DVD Collection -RRB- have been released separately for these regions .
All seven seasons of the series are available on individual DVD box sets for Regions 1 , 2 and 4 .
Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
A groove may be through , meaning that it passes all the way through the surface and its ends are open , or stopped , meaning that one or both of the ends finish before the groove meets edge of the surface .
Typically , a groove is used to house the panels in frame and panel construction and the bottoms of drawers .
In joinery , a groove is a slot or trench cut into a member which runs parallel to the grain .
Grooves are used for a range of purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields .
A groove is thus differentiated from a dado , which runs across the grain .
She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared in her own reality show , Totally Jodie Marsh .
Jodie Marsh -LRB- born 23 December 1978 -RRB- is a British glamour model and media personality .
Massachusetts General Hospital -LRB- Mass General or MGH -RRB- is a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School and a biomedical research facility in Boston , Massachusetts .
Currently , one can fairly easily update the BIOS in a modern PC ; devices like video cards or modems often rely on firmware dynamically loaded by a device driver and may thus get transparently updated through the operating system update mechanisms .
Firmware is also a relative term , as most embedded devices contain firmware at more than one level .
He is the son of Carlos ColÃ n , Sr. and the younger brother of wrestlers Stacy and Carly ColÃ n , better known as Carlito in WWE .
Edwin `` Eddie '' Carlos ColÃ n -LRB- born December 12 , 1982 -RRB- is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler .
Subsequently , The ColÃ ns became the first team to hold the WWE Tag Team Championship and World Tag Team Championship at the same time , making them the first Unified WWE Tag Team Champions .
He is currently signed by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- wrestling on its Raw brand as Primo .
Battle Droids -LRB- B1 -RRB- are a fictional , robotic combat unit used in the Star Wars Universe .
Buzz droids are a small spider like droid used by the Confederacy of Independent Systems .
If the central computer is destroyed , all battle droids under its control would cease to function .
When he realized that Severus had other intentions , Albinus had himself declared Emperor in 195 but was defeated by Septimius Severus at the Battle of Lugdunum on 19 February 197 .
However , three other prominent Romans challenged for the throne : Pescennius Niger in Syria , Clodius Albinus in Britain , and Septimius Severus in Pannonia .
The Year of the Five Emperors refers to the year 193 AD , in which there were five claimants for the title of Roman Emperor .
The five were Pertinax , Didius Julianus , Pescennius Niger , Clodius Albinus and Septimius Severus .
Clodius Albinus initially supported Septimius Severus believing that he would succeed him .
Consolidating his power , Septimius Severus battled Pescennius Niger at Cyzicus and Nicea in 193 and then decisively defeated him at Issus in 194 .
Later that day , Didius Julianus outmaneuvered Titus Flavius Sulpicianus -LRB- Pertinax 's father-in-law and also the new City Prefect -RRB- for the title of Emperor .
The year 193 opened with the murder of Commodus on New Year 's Eve , 31 December 192 and the proclamation of the City Prefect Pertinax as Emperor on New Year 's Day , 1 January 193 .
Didius Julianus however offered 25,000 to each soldier to win the auction and was proclaimed Emperor by the Roman Senate on 28 March .
Flavius Sulpicianus offered to pay each soldier 20,000 sestertii to buy their loyalty -LRB- eight times their annual salary ; also the same amount offered by Marcus Aurelius to secure their favors in 161 -RRB- .
Costing Â # 71.4 million -LRB- 2005\/6 -RRB- , it is the BBC 's most expensive national radio network and is considered by many to be the corporation 's flagship .
The controller of Radio 4 is Gwyneth Williams .
The station has also been designated as the UK 's national broadcaster in times of national emergency such as a war : if all other radio stations were forced to close , Radio 4 would still carry on broadcasting .
Radio 4 carries these regular weather forecasts for shipping and gale warnings because the long-wave service can be received clearly at sea around the coasts of Britain and Ireland .
It replaced the BBC Home Service in 1967 .
BBC Radio 4 is a domestic radio station in the United Kingdom that broadcasts a wide variety of spoken-word programs , including news , drama , comedy , science and history .
There are occasional concerts , and documentaries related to various forms of popular music , almost entirely absent from the station until fairly recently , are broadcast from time to time , and ball-by-ball commentaries of most test cricket matches played by England are broadcast on long wave for over 70 days a year which means listeners rely on FM broadcasts or increasingly DAB for mainstream Radio 4 broadcasts for a fifth of the year .
A sister station , now BBC Radio 4 Extra , broadcasts archive Radio 4 programs and some extended content .
Radio 4 is the second most popular British domestic radio station , after Radio 2 , and was named `` UK Radio Station of the Year '' at the 2003 , 2004 and 2008 Sony Radio Academy Awards .
Haux is a commune situated in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chom Ã rac is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Saint-Germain-le-Vasson is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Alonso SÃ nchez Coello -LRB- 1531\/32 , BenifairÃ de les Valls , near Valencia -- August 8 , 1588 , Madrid -RRB- was a portrait painter of the Spanish Renaissance and one of the pioneers of the great tradition of Spanish portrait painting .
In other words , rainbow trout and steelhead trout are the same species . The fish is sometimes called a salmon trout .
Rainbow trout can also be caught on live bait ; nightcrawlers , trout worms , and minnows are popular and effective choices .
Rainbow trout is popular in Western cuisine and is caught wild and farmed .
Anabolism -LRB- from Greek ana , `` upward '' , and ballein , `` to throw '' -RRB- is the set of metabolic pathways that construct molecules from smaller units .
The Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- OED -RRB- , published by the Oxford University Press , is the premier dictionary of the English language .
The Å koda Superb is a large family car primarily built by the Czech car manufacturer Å koda Auto as its flagship car .
In this way , the United Kingdom became the union of the kingdoms of England , Ireland and Scotland . Disputes within Ireland over the terms of Irish Home Rule led eventually to the partition of the island in 1921 , with Dominion status for the Irish Free State in 1922 while Northern Ireland remained part of the UK .
The UK nevertheless remains a great power with leading economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence .
It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries , but the economic and social cost of two world wars and the decline of its empire in the latter half of the 20th century diminished its leading role in global affairs .
Almost a century later the Kingdom of Ireland merged with the Kingdom of Great Britain to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland with the passing of the Act of Union 1800 .
The UK is a developed country , with the world 's sixth largest economy by nominal GDP and eighth largest economy by purchasing power parity .
It is the ultimate legislative authority in the United Kingdom since the devolved parliament in Scotland and devolved assemblies in Northern Ireland , and Wales are not sovereign bodies and could , theoretically , be abolished by the UK parliament .
It is a Member State of the European Union , a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , G8 , G20 , NATO , OECD , the Council of Europe and the World Trade Organization .
Ferruccio Valcareggi -LRB- 12 February 1919 -- 2 November 2005 -RRB- was an Italian football player and coach .
Benham is a city in Harlan County , Kentucky , United States .
It took place on July 11 , 2004 from the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford , Connecticut and featured talent from the Raw brand .
Vengeance -LRB- 2004 -RRB- was the fourth annual Vengeance professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by American promotion , World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
The game is the sequel to the original PC game , Barbie Fashion Show .
Barbie Fashion Show : An Eye for Style is a video game of the Barbie franchise .
Iviers is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A particular day may be represented by a different date in another calendar as in the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar , which have been used simultaneously in different places .
In most calendar systems , the date consists of three parts : the day of month , month , and the year .
Kimora Lee Simmons -LRB- born Kimora Lee Perkins on May 4 , 1975 -RRB- is an American fashion model , author , and former president and Creative Director for Phat Fashions .
The name Geysir itself is derived from the Icelandic verb geysa , `` to gush '' , the verb from Old Norse .
However , eruptions may be infrequent , and have in the past stopped altogether for years at a time .
Geysir lies on the slopes of Laugarfjall hill at , which is also the home to Strokkur geyser about 50 metres south .
Geysir -LRB- sometimes known as The Great Geysir -RRB- , in the Haukadalur valley , Iceland , is the first geyser ever described in a printed source and the earliest geyser known to Europeans .
The English word geyser -LRB- a spouting hot spring -RRB- derives from Geysir .
Eruptions at Geysir can hurl boiling water up to 70 meters in the air .
Strokkur 's activity has also been affected by earthquakes , although to a lesser extent than the Great Geysir . There are around thirty much smaller geysers and hot pools in the area , including one called Litli Geysir -LRB- ` Little Geysir ' -RRB- .
Daniel Hamhuis -LRB- born December 13 , 1982 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
This provision was made to allow emergency joining with Class 377 DC third-rail electric units .
The Class 171 Turbostar is a type of diesel multiple unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- built by Bombardier Transportation -LRB- previously ADtranz -RRB- at their Litchurch Lane Works in Derby , England which is identical to the Class 170 , except for the replacement of the BSI -LRB- Bergische Stahl Industrie -RRB- coupler with a Dellner coupler .
Martin Scorsese 's direction of The Departed earned him his second Golden Globe for Best Director , as well as a Critic 's Choice Award , his first Director 's Guild of America Award , and the Academy Award for Best Director . While being presented with the award , Scorsese said `` Could you double-check the envelope ? ''
Tamarac is a city in Broward County , Florida , United States .
The main article for this category is GP2 Series .
Redding is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
Fleury is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
When the truth comes out , CiarÃ n leaves the Druids and Sevenwaters and Niamh is forced to marry the UÃ NÃ ill chieftain , Fionn .
CiarÃ n returned in hiding as a tinker during the ceremory for Sorcha .
Niamh has great beauty and is ` expected ' to wed Eamonn , a neighbouring chieftain .
Eamonn returns from the chase and tells the tale of how Naimh slips on the rocks and fell into the bog and died , all that remained was a cord that Liadan made for Niamh that held a white stone given to her by CiarÃ n.
This was why they were not allowed to wed and that he could never be a druid since he carried the blood of the sorceress Lady Oonagh .
They are the offspring of Sorcha and Iubdan -LRB- formerly Hugh of Harrowfield -RRB- .
Sean , Liadan 's brother and heir to Sevenwaters , wants to purchase the Painted Man 's fighting force in their long battle for the sacred islands .
Booklist in 2001 said that `` Marillier 's virtuosic pacing and vivid , filmic style make this an engaging continuation of one of the last year 's best fantasies '' .
With the help of Bran they plan on secretly taking Niamh our of SÃ dhe Dubh and take her to a Christian nunnery where she can be safe .
Liam was indeed killed by a Britons arrow and his nephew Sean takes control of Sevenwaters .
The Tuatha DÃ Danann demand that she and her son remain in the forest , but she refuses to comply .
Aisling will be allowed to go Sevenwaters and Liadan can leaves with Bran and Gull if she can find them and leave before dusk .
Liadan has had visions of Eamonn torturing Bran .
He tells Liadan that Niamh is indeed alive and safe .
Eamonn actually asks for the hand of Liadan , she says that she will give him an answer in one year .
In this novel , Liadan grows up in Sevenwaters with her twin brother Sean and her older sister Niamh .
During this visit Liadan discovers that her sisters husband has been beating and abusing her , she uses her mind gifts to help Niamh .
Liadan finally gives birth to her son and her mother and father realize when the child is born that his father -LRB- Bran -RRB- must have been the son of John and Margery , kinsman of Iubdan when he was Lord of Horrowfield .
Son of the Shadows won the 2001 Aurealis Awards for Fantasy Novel .
On her deathbed Sorcha tells Iubdin that he must return to Harrowfield and learn the truth about John and Margery 's son .
Sean fearful for Aisling convinces Liadan to go to SÃ dhe Dubh to bring Aisling back so they can be married .
So their union was forbidden by blood .
CiarÃ n is the son of Lord Colum and the Lady Oonagh , he is half brother to Niamh 's mother .
Upon this attack , all his men were killed , and his life was spared by a man called the Painted Man .
He swears that he will kill him .
Liadan follows in her mothers tradition in learning the healing arts .
They then learn that Fionn was recently strangled in his sleep .
When she arrives at SÃ dhe Dubh she learns from Eamonn that he indeed has Bran held prisoner .
When Bran finds out that she is actually daughter of Hugh of Horrowfield , he sends her back home .
Son of the Shadows is an historical fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier and the second book in the Sevenwaters Trilogy first published in 2000 .
After Bran leaves , Liadan has a vision of her Uncle Liam 's death ; a vision of Eamonn telling Aisling that she could not marry Sean and then her suicide .
Liadan discovers their secret during a walk in the forest .
Bran comes to Sevenwaters in secret to meet with Sean and meets Liadan , she tells him of his son .
Publishers Weekly said that `` The story , though a bit light on the magic and heavy on the romantic , is reminiscent of Jennifer Roberson 's Cheysuli series .
When she returns to Sevenwaters , she finds she is pregnant with Bran 's child .
Liadan and her sister visit Sean 's future bride and Eamonn 's sister at his estate called SÃ dhe Dubh .
Liadan names the child Johnny .
It follows the path of Sorcha and Red 's third child , Liadan , a girl who lives outside the pattern of the ` Fair Folk ' , also known as TÃ atha DÃ Danann .
Shortly after the birth of Johnny , Sorcha dies .
She reveals this to her father Iubdan and she convinces Bran that his future might lie in returning to his roots at Harrowfield in Briton , while his men talk of setting up a school for warriors .
With the help of Finbar she realizes that she has his gift of sight and the ability to read and heal the minds of others .
Fantasy addicts should love it '' .
But before her death Liadan tells Sorcha , Iubdan and Finbar the story of Niamh 's abuse by her husband ; the escape from SÃ dhe Dubh with the help of Bran ; and her belief that Niamh is not dead .
She makes a deal with Eamonn , in exchange for not revealing that Eamonn betrayed his kinsman Liam and sacrificed his life in exchange for the Painted Man capture .
CiarÃ n gives Liadan a gift for helping rescue Niamh for her abusive husband and returning her to CiarÃ n , a mysterious raven named Fiacha .
Liadan learns Bran 's hidden truth about his childhood during her fight to bring him back from the torture inflicted on him .
All of the leaders go to a counsel to discuss the feud with the Britons .
At the last moment Eamonn and Fionn return and attack Bran and Gull as they escape with Niamh .
During the festival of Imbolc , a young druid named CiarÃ n tells the tale of Aengus Ã `` g and Caer Ibormeith and catches the fancy of Niamh , they are soon having a secret love affair .
She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran , their leader .
Jackie Cassada in The Library Journal said `` Marillier blends old legends with original storytelling to produce an epic fantasy that belongs in most libraries '' .
He also tells her the truth of why they could not wed. .
While staying at Sevenwaters , Eamonn tells a tale of a recent attack by a band of mercenaries .
Liadan goes with her sister on the trip to her new home and on the way back she is kidnapped by an outlaw and brought to the camp of `` The Painted Man . ''
With the help of some magic and Fiacha they make it safely through the bog that surrounds SÃ dhe Dubh .
Inokashira Park , the source of the Kanda River -LRB- ç ç '' å -RRB- , is located south of KichijÅ ji Station , and is a favorite spot for springtime hanami , or cherry-blossom viewing .
The oldest surviving structure on the castle site dates to the 11th century , although evidence exists of some form of stronghold predating the Norman Conquest .
It stands above the village of the same name . The castle dates back to the 11th century , and commands a gap in the Purbeck Hills on the route between Wareham and Swanage .
Edward the Martyr was assassinated at the site on 18 March 978 .
Agranulocytosis , also known as Agranulosis or Granulopenia , is an acute condition involving a severe and dangerous leukopenia -LRB- lowered white blood cell count -RRB- , most commonly of neutrophils , causing a neutropenia in the circulating blood .
Gerard PiquÃ i BernabÃ u -LRB- ; born 2 February 1987 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer , currently playing as a central defender for FC Barcelona .
He has managed Blackburn Rovers , Milton Keynes Dons -LRB- twice -RRB- and Macclesfield Town .
Some editors had worked for the Frankfurter Zeitung which was banned in 1943 .
The first edition of the F.A.Z. appeared on November 1 , 1949 ; its founding editor was Erich Welter .
GÃ nsbrunnen is a municipality in the district of Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The band later sought an extra guitarist , Bernard Fanning , who Haug had met in a university class .
Fanning took over the role of lead vocals from Haug , and at the same time Jon Coghill joined the band , replacing Bishop after a `` mutual leaving . ''
Powderfinger performed alongside Silverchair , Missy Higgins , and other artists to an audience of 700 .
In June 2007 , Powderfinger announced a nationwide tour featuring Australian rock band Silverchair titled the Across the Great Divide tour . The tour was an attempt to promote the efforts of Reconciliation Australia , a foundation helping to improve the welfare of the Indigenous people of Australia and to `` show -LRB- that -RRB- both bands are behind the idea of reconciliation . ''
The song `` These Days '' was written for Two Hands and `` My Kind of Scene '' was written for Mission : Impossible II .
Powderfinger was formed in 1989 by vocalist and guitarist Ian Haug , bassist John Collins and drummer Steven Bishop , who took their band 's name from the Neil Young song `` Powderfinger '' .
Like earlier Powderfinger albums , Vulture Street won several ARIA Awards . It won `` Album of the Year '' , `` Best Group '' , `` Best Rock Album '' and `` Best Cover Art '' in 2003 .
In October 2007 , during Breast Cancer Awareness Month , Powderfinger performed at a concert on the steps of the Sydney Opera House .
Internationalist was the first Powderfinger album to win the ARIA Music Awards .
In 1999 , it won `` Album of the Year '' , `` Best Rock Album '' and `` Best Cover Art '' , and `` The Day You Come '' won `` Single of the Year '' .
Powderfinger 's fourth studio album , Odyssey Number Five , was released in September 2000 , shortly after they were asked to write songs for the soundtracks of two films ; Two Hands and Mission : Impossible II .
In June 2007 , Powderfinger announced a nationwide tour featuring Australian rock band Silverchair titled the Across the Great Divide tour .
Powderfinger was an Australian rock band that formed in Brisbane in 1989 .
In September 1998 , Powderfinger released Internationalist , their third studio album .
At the request of his father , Adolf Lorenz , he began a premedical curriculum in 1922 at Columbia University , but he returned to Vienna in 1923 to continue his studies at the University of Vienna .
Lorenz does not see human independence from natural ecological processes as necessarily bad .
Lorenz also predicted the relationship between market economics and the threat of ecological catastrophe .
He arrived back in Altenberg `` with manuscript and bird intact . ''
In his autobiographical essay , published in 1973 in Les Prix Nobel -LRB- winners of the prizes are requested to provide such essays -RRB- , Lorenz credits his career to his parents , who `` were supremely tolerant of my inordinate love for animals , '' and to his childhood encounter with Selma Lagerlof 's The Wonderful Adventures of Nils , which filled him with a great enthusiasm about wild geese .
If our senses gave us wrong information about our environment , we would soon be extinct .
Positive feedback always involves the danger of an ` avalanche ' effect ... One particular kind of positive feedback occurs when individuals OF THE SAME SPECIES enter into competition among themselves ... For many animal species , environmental factors keep ... intraspecies selection from -LRB- leading to -RRB- disaster ... But there is no force which exercises this type of healthy regulatory effect on humanity 's cultural development ; unfortunately for itself , humanity has learned to overcome all those environmental forces which are external to itself '' p44 .
He sought to be a motorcycle mechanic , but instead he was assigned as a medic .
Lorenz states that humanity is the one species not bound by these mechanisms , being the only one that has defined its own environment : '' -LRB- The pace of human ecology -RRB- is determined by the progress of man 's technology -LRB- p35 -RRB- ... human ecology -LRB- economy -RRB- is governed by mechanisms of POSITIVE feedback , defined as a mechanism which tends to encourage behavior rather than to attenuate it -LRB- p43 -RRB- .
Lorenz died on February 27 , 1989 , in Altenberg .
Lorenz retired from the Max Planck Institute in 1973 but continued to research and publish from Altenberg -LRB- his family home , near Vienna -RRB- and GrÃ 1\/4 nau im Almtal in Austria .
Another of his contributions to ethology is his work on imprinting .
His scientific work appeared mainly in journal articles , written in German ; they became widely known to English-speaking scientists through the descriptions of it in Tinbergen 's 1951 book The Study of Instinct , though many of his papers were later published in English translation in the two volumes titled Studies in Geese and Waste Behavior .
The manuscript became his book Behind the Mirror .
He shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine `` for discoveries in individual and social behavior patterns '' with two other important early ethologists , Nikolaas Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch .
When he was repatriated , he was allowed to keep the manuscript of a book he had been writing , and his pet starling .
His influence on a younger generation of ethologists ; and his popular works , were important in bringing ethology to the attention of the general public .
Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university chair under the Nazi regime .
Thus pain and pleasure act as checks on each other : `` To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things that , in other contexts , they would shy away from : run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
In 1940 he became a professor of psychology at the University of KÃ nigsberg .
His answer comes from evolutionary biology .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz -LRB- November 7 , 1903 in Vienna -- February 27 , 1989 in Altenberg , Vienna -RRB- was an Austrian zoologist , ethologist , and ornithologist .
All these inhibitory mechanisms ... act as a counterweight to the effects of learning mechanisms ... The organism can not allow itself to pay a price which is not worth paying '' .
In 1969 , he became the first recipient of the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca .
Together with Nikolaas Tinbergen , Lorenz developed the idea of an innate releasing mechanism to explain instinctive behaviors -LRB- fixed action patterns -RRB- .
Lorenz 's best-known books are King Solomon 's Ring and On Aggression , both written for a popular audience .
In this book , Lorenz proposes that the best hope for mankind lies in our looking for mates based on the kindness of their hearts rather than good looks or wealth .
He graduated as Doctor of Medicine -LRB- MD -RRB- in 1928 and became an assistant professor at the Institute of Anatomy until 1935 .
He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in 1941 .
Only traits that help us survive and reproduce are transmitted .
Therefore we can be sure that our senses give us correct information , for otherwise we would not be here to be deceived .
He was Captured by the Russians very near the start of his service and became a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union from 1942 to 1948 .
It is obvious that the predator is strongly interested in the survival of that species , animal or vegetable , which constitutes its prey .
In captivity he continued to work as a medic and `` got quite friendly with some Russians , mostly doctors . ''
Influenced by the ideas of William McDougall , Lorenz developed this into a `` psychohydraulic '' model of the motivation of behavior , which tended towards group selectionist ideas , which were influential in the 1960s .
... It is not uncommon that the prey species derives specific benefits from its interaction with the predator species ... '' pp31 â `` 33 .
In his application for membership to the Nazi-party NSDAP he wrote in 1938 : `` I 'm able to say that my whole scientific work is devoted to the ideas of the National Socialists . ''
In his 1973 book Behind the Mirror : A Search for a Natural History of Human Knowledge , Lorenz considers the old philosophical question of whether our senses correctly inform us about the world as it is , or provide us only with an illusion .
Lorenz studied instinctive behavior in animals , especially in greylag geese and jackdaws .
`` The competition between human beings destroys with cold and diabolic brutality ... Under the pressure of this competitive fury we have not only forgotten what is useful to humanity as a whole , but even that which is good and advantageous to the individual .
Indeed , he states that : `` A completely new -LRB- ecology -RRB- which corresponds in every way to -LRB- humanity 's -RRB- desires ... could , theoretically , prove as durable as that which would have existed without his intervention -LRB- 36 -RRB- .
`` A closer examination shows that these beings ... not only do not damage each other , but often constitute a community of interests .
In his 1973 book , Civilized Man 's Eight Deadly Sins , Konrad Lorenz addresses the following paradox : `` All the advantages that man has gained from his ever-deepening understanding of the natural world that surrounds him , his technological , chemical and medical progress , all of which should seem to alleviate human suffering ... tends instead to favor humanity 's destruction ''
Barlin is a commune and seat of a canton in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Chikugo River flows through Kumamoto , Å ita , Fukuoka and Saga prefectures in Japan .
With a total length of 143 k , it is the longest river on KyÅ `` shÅ `` . It flows from Mount Aso and empties into the Ariake Sea .
Weill fled Nazi Germany in March 1933 .
His best-known work is The Threepenny Opera -LRB- 1928 -RRB- , a reworking of John Gay 's The Beggar 's Opera written in collaboration with Bertolt Brecht .
A prominent and popular Jewish composer , Weill was officially denounced for his socialist views and populist sympathies , and became a target of the Nazi authorities , who criticized and even interfered with performances of his later stage works , such as Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny -LRB- Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny , 1930 -RRB- , Die BÃ 1\/4 rgschaft -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , and Der Silbersee -LRB- 1933 -RRB- .
With no option but to leave Germany , he went first to Paris , where he worked once more with Brecht -LRB- after a project with Jean Cocteau failed -RRB- on the ballet The Seven Deadly Sins .
Engel directed the original production of The Threepenny Opera in 1928 . It contains Weill 's most famous song , `` Mack the Knife '' -LRB- `` Die Moritat von Mackie Messer '' -RRB- .
Weill 's working association with Brecht , although successful , came to an end over politics in 1930 .
In the Boston Police Strike , the Boston police rank and file went out on strike on September 9 , 1919 in order to achieve recognition for their trade union and improvements in wages and working conditions .
Coupru is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Colombia qualified .
Joss Whedon posted a message on a popular fan site , The Bronze : Beta , in which he expressed his dismay and surprise , saying he was `` heartbroken '' and compared it to a `` healthy guy falling dead from a heart attack . ''
According to the fictional universe first established by Slayer , the ` Buffyverse , ' Angel was born in 18th century Ireland ; after being turned into a soulless , immortal vampire , he became legendary for his evil acts , until a band of wronged Gypsies punished him by restoring his soul , overwhelming him with guilt .
Whedon believed that `` Angel was the one character who was bigger than life in the same way that Buffy was , a kind of superhero . ''
On February 14 , 2004 , the WB Network announced that Angel would not be brought back for a sixth season .
The series was created by Buffys creator , Joss Whedon , in collaboration with David Greenwalt , and first aired on October 5 , 1999 .
Fan reaction was to organize letter-writing campaigns , online petitions , blood and food drives , advertisements in trade magazines and via mobile billboards , and attempts to lobby other networks -LRB- UPN was a favorite target , as it had already picked up Buffy -RRB- .
While the central concept behind Buffy was `` high school as a horror movie '' in small-town America , co-creators David Greenwalt and Whedon were looking to make Angel into a different `` gritty , urban show . ''
Like Buffy , it was produced by Whedon 's production company , Mutant Enemy .
Angel is an American television series , a spin-off of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Several years before Angel debuted , Joss Whedon developed the concept behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer to invert the Hollywood formula of `` the little blonde girl who goes into a dark alley and gets killed in every horror movie . ''
Whedon and Greenwalt prepared a six-minute promotional video pitch , often called the `` Unaired Angel pilot '' for the WB Network .
The character Angel was first seen in the first episode and became a regular , appearing in the opening credits during seasons 2 and 3 .
Angel eventually set out on a path of redemption , hoping that he could make up for his past through good deeds .
As a Union Army general in the American Civil War , he conducted successful campaigns in North Carolina and East Tennessee but was defeated in the disastrous Battle of Fredericksburg and Battle of the Crater .
Ambrose Everett Burnside -LRB- May 23 , 1824 â `` September 13 , 1881 -RRB- was an American soldier , railroad executive , inventor , industrialist , and politician from Rhode Island , serving as governor and a U.S. Senator .
His distinctive style of facial hair is now known as sideburns , derived from his last name .
Djalma Feitosa Dias -LRB- born 9 December , 1970 -RRB- , known as Djalminha , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as an attacking midfielder .
For Shaoxing wine , see Shaoxing wine .
Eduardo Ariel Bustos Montoya -LRB- born October 3 , 1976 in Rosario -RRB- is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Club AtlÃ tico Temperley in Argentina .
VÃ rac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Oulmes is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The Ford Freestar is a minivan that was manufactured by the Ford Motor Company from 2004 until November 2006 .
He played his entire 20-year baseball career for the San Diego Padres -LRB- 1982 -- 2001 -RRB- .
His brother , Chris , was an outfielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers , Kansas City Royals , and San Diego Padres -LRB- 1987 â `` 96 -RRB- and his son , Tony Gwynn , Jr. , who played for the San Diego Padres and was currently signed by the Los Angeles Dodgers .
Anthony Keith `` Tony '' Gwynn , Sr. -LRB- born May 9 , 1960 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- , nicknamed Mr. Padre and Captain Video , is a former Major League Baseball right fielder .
He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame on January 9 , 2007 and was inducted on July 29 .
A spheroid , or ellipsoid of revolution is a quadric surface obtained by rotating an ellipse about one of its principal axes ; in other words , an ellipsoid with two equal semi-diameters .
While publishing in literary magazines and newspapers , he worked for the Austrian radio and television .
Heinz Gerstinger is a member of the Austrian P.E.N. and the writers ' association Ã -- sterreichischer Schriftstellerverband .
Heinz Gerstinger -LRB- b. October 13 , 1919 in Vienna -RRB- is an Austrian writer , playwright and historian .
Heinz Gerstinger studied history and dramatics at the University of Vienna .
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna as well as for theaters in Graz , Augsburg and Vienna .
Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Megadeth .
It was released on July 14 , 1992 through Capitol Records .
Saint-Jean-le-Centenier is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Capetian dynasty is the largest and oldest European royal house , consisting of the descendants of Hugh Capet of France in the male line .
In contemporary times , both King Juan Carlos of Spain and Grand Duke Henri of Luxembourg are members of this family , both through the Bourbon branch of the dynasty .
A kremlin -LRB- , fortress -RRB- is a major fortified central complex found in historic Russian cities .
Villigen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Saint Nicholas -LRB- , Hagios -LRB- `` holy '' -RRB- Nicolaos -LRB- `` victory of the people '' -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- 270 â `` 6 December 343 -RRB- , also called Nikolaos of Myra was a historic 4th-century saint and Greek Bishop of Myra -LRB- Demre , in Lycia , part of modern-day Turkey -RRB- .
The Mayor of Wichita Falls is Glenn Barham . The Wichita Falls City Council has six members : Linda Ammons , Michael Smith , Dorothy Roberts-Burns , Rick Hatcher , Tim Ingle , and Mary Ward .
The city has been home to a number of semi-pro , development , and minor league sports teams , including the Wichita Falls Drillers , a semi-pro football team that has won numerous league titles and a national championship ; Wichita Falls Kings -LRB- formerly known as Wichita Falls Razorbacks -RRB- , the semi-pro football team Wichita Falls Texans of the Continental Basketball Association ; Wichita Falls Fever in the Lone Star Soccer Alliance -LRB- 1989 â `` 92 -RRB- ; the Wichita Falls Spudders baseball team in the Texas League ; the Wichita Falls Wildcats -LRB- formerly the Wichita Falls Rustlers -RRB- of the North American Hockey League , an American `` Junior A '' Hockey league ; and the Wichita Falls Roughnecks -LRB- formerly the Graham Roughnecks -RRB- of the Texas Collegiate League .
Wichita Falls is a city in and the county seat of Wichita County , Texas , United States , United States . Wichita Falls is the principal city of the Wichita Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area , which encompasses all of Archer , Clay and Wichita counties .
Half-Life is a science fiction first-person shooter video game developed by Valve Software , the company 's debut product and the first in the Half-Life series .
Vesles-et-Caumont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As of 2000 , the population was 32,278 .
Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments .
Its county seat is Elizabethtown .
Bladen County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The Cia-Cia language -LRB- Hangul : ë '' í ì ì ì ì ì , Roman : Bahasa Ciacia -RRB- , also known as South Buton -LRB- ese -RRB- , is an Austronesian language spoken principally around the town of Bau-Bau on the southern tip of Buton Island off the southeast coast of Sulawesi in Indonesia .
One can think of the omniverse as a tree structure : the omniverse is the trunk , each multiverse is a branch , and each universe is a leaf .
Some countries have a different emergency number for each of the different emergency services ; these often differ only by the last digit .
Many countries ' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number , sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or occasionally the emergency services number , that allows a caller to contact local emergency services for assistance .
An emergency telephone number call may be answered by either a telephone operator or an emergency service dispatcher .
The emergency telephone number is a special case in the country 's telephone number plan .
This `` antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle , i.e. no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time . This results in `` rigidity '' or `` stiffness '' of states that include fermions -LRB- atomic nuclei , atoms , molecules , etc. -RRB- , so fermions are sometimes said to be the constituents of matter , while bosons are said to be the particles that transmit interactions -LRB- i.e. force carriers -RRB- or the constituents of electromagnetic radiation .
In total , 24 different fermions are recognized , 6 quarks and 6 leptons , each with a corresponding antiparticle :
This `` antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle , i.e. no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time .
The Standard Model recognizes two types of elementary fermions : quarks and leptons .
Select the search type from the menu on the right .
This citation template is used to cite a Feature Detail Report from the Geographic Names Information System .
Albion is a city in Cassia County , Idaho , United States .
LuÃ s Morais -LRB- born 23 August 1930 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
He played for the Brazil national football team at the 1954 FIFA World Cup finals .
He is also one of only four players to have won the Main Event at the World Series of Poker multiple times , which he did in 1976 and 1977 .
Doyle F. Brunson -LRB- born August 10 , 1933 -RRB- is an American professional poker player who has played professionally for over 50 years .
He is the first two-time World Series of Poker main event champion to win consecutively , a Poker Hall of Fame inductee , and the author of several books on poker .
Drosophila pseudoobscura is a species of fruit fly , used extensively in lab studies of speciation .
Dodd 's experiment has been easy for many others to replicate , including with other kinds of fruit flies and foods .
In 2005 , D. pseudoobscura was the second Drosophila species to have its genome sequenced , after the model organism Drosophila melanogaster .
Diane Dodd was able to show allopatric speciation by reproductive isolation in D. pseudoobscura after only eight generations using different food types , starch and maltose .
Travecy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is also used to refer a classification of things or concepts , as well as to the principles underlying such a classification .
Originally taxonomy referred only to the classifying of organisms -LRB- now sometimes known as alpha taxonomy -RRB- or a particular classification of organisms .
Also included within the visual arts are the applied arts such as industrial design , graphic design , fashion design , interior design and decorative art .
These definitions should not be taken too strictly as many artistic disciplines -LRB- performing arts , conceptual art , textile arts -RRB- involve aspects of the visual arts as well as arts of other types .
The visual arts are art forms that create works which are primarily visual in nature , such as ceramics , drawing , painting , sculpture , printmaking , design , crafts , and often modern visual arts -LRB- photography , video , and filmmaking -RRB- and architecture .
As the name implies , these dolphins tend to be found in the open seas , unlike the river dolphins , although a few species such as the Irrawaddy dolphin are coastal or riverine .
They are found worldwide , mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves .
Oceanic dolphins are the members of the Delphinidae family of cetaceans .
He served as the Currency Commissioner and President of the Reichsbank under the Weimar Republic .
Dr. Hjalmar Horace Greeley Schacht -LRB- 22 January 1877 â `` 3 June 1970 -RRB- was a German economist , banker , liberal politician , and co-founder of the German Democratic Party .
ChÃ ry-l Ã s-Rozoy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Arquenay is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The film soundtrack , The Lion King 1 Â 1\/2 : Songs From Timon and Pumbaa 's Hilarious Adventure , was released to CD by Disney Records on February 10 , 2004 .
It includes two songs from the original film , `` That 's All I Need '' and `` Hakuna Matata '' , re-performed by Nathan Lane who took over the role of voicing the character Timon .
The Lion King 1 Â 1\/2 -LRB- also known as The Lion King 3 : Hakuna Matata in some countries -RRB- is a 2004 American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Entertainment on February 10 , 2004 . The film is the third and final installment in the Lion King series .
Timon and Pumbaa 's home is ruined by this event . Pumbaa tells Timon about a `` dream home '' in the jungle , but Timon ignores him .
The rest of the soundtrack includes various R&B tracks , including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic `` Jungle Boogie '' by The French , and two instrumental pieces from film composer Don Harper .
The LÃ 1\/4 beck law was the constitution of a municipal form of government developed at LÃ 1\/4 beck in Schleswig-Holstein after it was made a free city in 1226 .
An official LÃ 1\/4 beck law transcript was never available or used until the revised edition of 1586 was printed by printer Johann Balhorn , but rather LÃ 1\/4 beck was the a leader in German cities giving rights to town citizens and overturning aristocratic privilege .
Later in the 13th century , cities governed by the LÃ 1\/4 beck Law formed into a powerful trade association , the Hanseatic League , which amounted to a confederacy with headquarters at LÃ 1\/4 beck .
The municipality was formed in 1882 by splitting from Vergeletto .
Gresso is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is the county seat of Garvin County .
Pauls Valley is a city in Garvin County , Oklahoma , United States .
Consequently , it is the second largest town in the ceremonial county of Shropshire , after Telford .
Shrewsbury is Shropshire 's second largest town , after Telford .
; Media Two newspapers are published for Shrewsbury - the Shrewsbury Chronicle , and the local edition of the county 's Shropshire Star .
A powerful oxidizing agent , the compound is used to manufacture explosives and matches .
Barium chlorate is a white crystalline solid .
Barium chlorate can be produced through a double replacement reaction of barium chloride and sodium chlorate .
Miami Fusion F.C. was a professional soccer club located in Fort Lauderdale , Florida that participated in Major League Soccer from 1998 to 2001 .
RaÃ l GonzÃ lez Blanco -LRB- born 27 June 1977 in Madrid , Spain -RRB- , known simply as RaÃ l is a Spanish footballer who plays as a striker .
He currently plays for German club Schalke 04 , in the Bundesliga .
Further expansion of the Islamic Turks in Central Asia from the 10th century finished disrupting trade in that part of the world , and Buddhism almost disappeared .
In Central Asia , Islam expanded from the 7th century onward , bringing a stop to Chinese westward expansion at the Battle of Talas in 751 .
The film stars Dan Aykroyd , Justin Timberlake , Tom Cavanagh , Anna Faris , T. J. Miller , Nate Corddry , and Andrew Daly .
Smith , Rachel , Yogi , and Boo Boo plan to stop the sale of Jellystone . They learn that Boo Boo 's pet turtle is a rare species , which means that the Park can not be destroyed with the turtle there .
Game Critics also named the game `` Best Action Game . ''
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare -LRB- or Call of Duty : Modern Warfare -RRB- is a first-person shooter video game , developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision for PC , Macintosh , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Wii .
Trimbach is a municipality in the district of GÃ sgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Dominican Republic is divided into 31 provinces .
Santo Domingo , the capital , is designated Distrito Nacional -LRB- National District -RRB- .
The culture and people of the Dominican Republic , like its Spanish Caribbean neighbors , is a blend of the cultures of the Spanish colonists , African slaves , and TaÃ no natives . European , African and TaÃ no cultural elements are most prominent in food , family structure , religion and music .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- is a United States government corporation created by the Glassâ `` Steagall Act of 1933 .
As of 2010 , the FDIC insures deposits at 7,723 institutions .
They are related to pipefish and seahorses .
The Gasterosteidae are a family of fish including the sticklebacks .
However several of the species have a number of recognized subspecies , and the taxonomy of the family is thought to be in need of revision .
The males construct a nest from vegetation held together by secretions from their kidneys .
The males then attract females to the nest who lay their eggs inside where the male can fertilise them .
The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .
Sticklebacks are distinguished by the presence of strong and clearly isolated spines in the dorsal fin .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
An unusual feature of sticklebacks is that they have no scales , although some species have bony armor plates .
The Great Seal was first used publicly in 1782 .
The obverse of the great seal is used as the national coat of arms of the United States . It is officially used on documents such as United States passports , military insignia , embassy placards , and various flags .
As a coat of arms , the design has official colors ; the physical Great Seal itself , as affixed to paper , is monochrome .
The Great Seal of the United States is used to authenticate certain documents issued by the United States federal government .
The obverse of the great seal is used as the national coat of arms of the United States .
The Victoria Cross -LRB- VC -RRB- is the highest military decoration which is , or has been , awarded for valor `` in the face of the enemy '' to members of the armed forces of various Commonwealth countries , and previous British Empire territories .
Since then , the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 individual recipients .
As a result , the original Victoria Cross is sometimes referred to as the `` Commonwealth Victoria Cross '' or the `` Imperial Victoria Cross '' , to distinguish it from the newer awards .
The VC was introduced on 29 January 1856 by Queen Victoria to honor acts of valor during the Crimean War .
Only 13 medals , nine to members of the British Army , and four to the Australian Army , have been awarded since the Second World War .
It takes precedence over all other orders , decorations and medals .
The Luxembourg national football team is the national football team of Luxembourg , and is controlled by the Luxembourg Football Federation .
The Warsaw Treaty -LRB- 1955 â `` 91 -RRB- is the informal name for the Treaty of Friendship , Cooperation and Mutual Assistance , commonly known as the Warsaw Pact , creating the Warsaw Treaty Organization . The treaty was a mutual defense treaty subscribed to by eight communist states in Eastern Europe .
Elsewhere , in the member states , the Warsaw Treaty is known as :
Sulfur dichloride is the chemical compound with the formula SCl2 .
Fordyce is a city in Dallas County , Arkansas , United States .
The Don Cossacks , who settled the fertile valley of the river in the 16th and 17th centuries , were named for the river .
It rises in the town of Novomoskovsk 60 kilometres southeast from Tula , southeast of Moscow , and flows for a distance of about 1,950 kilometres -LRB- 1,220 mi -RRB- to the Sea of Azov .
In modern literature , the Don is often featured in the works of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov , a writer from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya .
In antiquity , the river was viewed as the border between Europe and Asia by some ancient Greek geographers .
In the Book of Jubilees , it is mentioned as being part of the border , beginning with its easternmost point up to its mouth , between the allotment of Japheth to the north and that of Shem to the south , sons of Noah .
The Khazar fortress of Sarkel used to dominate this point in the Middle Ages .
105 kilometres -LRB- 65 mi -RRB- -RRB- , connecting both rivers , is a major waterway .
This part of the river saw heavy fighting during Operation Uranus , one of the turning points of the Second World War .
Tanais appears in ancient Greek sources as both the name of the river and of a city on it , situated in the Maeotian marshes .
During the times of the old Scythians , it was known in Greek as the TanaÃ s , and has been a major trading route ever since .
The name derives from Scythian -LRB- East Iranian -RRB- DÄ nu `` river '' , akin to Ossetic don `` river '' , and Pashto dand -LRB- Ú Ù Ú -RRB- or dun -LRB- depending on dialect -RRB- `` pond , lake '' .
At its easternmost point , the Don comes near the Volga , and the Volga-Don Canal -LRB- length ca .
From its source , the river first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to its mouth .
The main city on the river is Rostov on Don , its main tributary , the Donets .
Rochester is a city in and the county seat of Fulton County , Indiana , United States .
On February 22 , 2009 , Ayaka married Hiro Mizushima after several months of dating .
In 1880 , then took a post at the Hamilton asylum .
By 1905 , Clarke had abandoned the movement , and many of the other leading psychiatrists would follow suit by the end of World War I , when it was clear that eugenic measures were not having the desired effects .
Clarke first practiced psychiatry at the 999 Queen Street institution in Toronto .
Charles Kirk Clarke -LRB- 1857 â `` 20 January 1924 -RRB- was a psychiatrist who was influential in Canadian politics .
Dr. Clarke was a student and brother-in-law of Dr. Joseph Workman , Superintendent of the Toronto Asylum .
Karl Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and formerly played guitar for The Poodles .
Gooding is the county seat and largest city of Gooding County , Idaho , United States .
Informal bows are made at about a fifteen degree angle and more formal bows at about thirty degrees . Very formal bows are deeper .
It may take the form of a simple bow of the head , or a slight incline of the upper body . A profound bow is a deep bow from the waist , and is often done as a substitution for genuflection .
Prefectures are governmental bodies larger than cities , towns , and villages .
In Japanese , they are commonly referred to as todÅ fuken .
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira , or simply Leonardo -LRB- born February 4 , 1986 in Minas Gerais -RRB- , is a Brazilian striker .
Hazel is a city in Calloway County , Kentucky , United States .
Straight razors with open steel blades , also commonly known as cut-throats , were the most commonly used razors before the 20th century .
A razor is a bladed tool primarily used in the removal of unwanted body hair through the act of shaving .
In 1901 , the American inventor King Camp Gillette , with the assistance of William Nickerson , invented a safety razor with disposable blades . Gillette realized that a profit could be made by selling an inexpensive razor with disposable blades .
Razors have been identified from many Bronze Age cultures .
Troisvaux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
; : For a userbox that uses up to 2 unnamed parameters .
; : Include the full , i.e. prefix it with , , or .
This template invokes category suppression for those userboxes .
The only mandatory parameter is .
There are several methods for category suppression , Usbk supports those that use :
Do not include the prefix .
If your userbox accepts more parameters , make a request on the talk page to expand this template .
; : If the userbox adds user pages into a user category under : Category : Wikipedians .
This template is used for showing a userbox and its properties in a table row .
Some userboxes automatically place the page where it is used into a category .
... displays the following table :
These categories are not appropriate for pages such as lists , so some userboxes support a feature to suppress the automatic category .
Wrap and around uses of this template .
; : For a userbox set that uses up to 2 named parameters .
The following code ...
Kim Won-bong -LRB- ê ì ë , é ` å
His pen name is `` Yaksan '' -LRB- ì 1\/2 ì è å -RRB- , which means `` like a mountain '' .
He did not claim the crown of West Francia when his brother died in 898 ; but recognizing the supremacy of the Carolingian king , Charles the Simple , he was confirmed in his offices and possessions , after which he continued to defend northern Francia from the attacks of the Norsemen .
He was present at the Siege of Paris in 885 .
Robert I -LRB- 15 August 866 â `` 15 June 923 -RRB- , King of Western Francia -LRB- 922 â `` 923 -RRB- , was the younger son of Robert the Strong , count of Anjou , and the brother of Odo , who became king of the Western Franks in 888 .
; Citing http://lists.debian.org/debian-announce/debian-announce-1996/msg00021.html
It is specifically for archived public mailing lists .
It calls as a backend , but has uniform parameters which will hopefully lead to a standard way of citing mailing list records .
This template is used to cite sources in Wikipedia .
A general discussion of the use of templates for adding citation of open-source web content to Wikipedia articles is available at citation templates .
The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings , but voice this disagreement while still maintaining the overall value of the tradition .
By contrast , a denial of the doctrine of `` Original Sin '' -LRB- thereby negating the necessity of baptism for children -RRB- or Papal Infallibilityâ '' would be labeled heretical .
As an adjective , heterodox is commonly used to describe a subject as `` characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards '' -LRB- status quo -RRB- .
Many Roman Catholics profess some heterodox views , either on doctrinal or social issues .
A heterodox Catholic might profess the belief that unbaptized infants are offered the option to accept or deny salvation by God at their judgment .
The belief is not orthodox , as the Church does not profess a belief as to what happens to unbaptized infants ; however , it is also not heresy , as the Church accepts that such a scenario might be possible .
The heterodox Christian therefore remains in the tradition and attempts to stimulate constructive dialog around issues with which they disagree .
Heterodoxy is generally defined as `` any opinions or doctrines at variance with an official or orthodox position '' .
In the Eastern Orthodox Church , the term is used to refer to Christian churches not belonging to the Eastern Orthodox communion and holding doctrines different from those of Orthodox Christianity .
For example , the orthodox Catholic position on unbaptized infants is that their fate is uncertain , and `` the Church can only entrust them to the mercy of God '' -LRB- Catechism of the Catholic Church 1261 -RRB- .
For example , in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches heterodoxy may describe beliefs that differ from strictly orthodox views but that fall short of heresy .
Nicknamed `` Tige , '' Anderson was noted as one of Robert E. Lee 's hardest-fighting subordinates .
George Thomas Anderson -LRB- February 3 , 1824 -- April 4 , 1901 -RRB- was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
It adds a Career box to the infobox .
This template is part of the WikiProject Ships ship infobox .
The header of the Career box can be hidden by setting its `` Hide header = yes '' .
Each section , except Infobox Ship Begin , can be repeated as necessary to support multiple careers , multiple sets of characteristics , etc. .
If you have any questions or comments , please ask User : TomTheHand .
This allows you to repeat certain fields by adding a second Career box with a hidden header .
Lindsey Jacobellis -LRB- born August 19 , 1985 in Danbury , Connecticut -RRB- is an American snowboarder from Stratton , Vermont .
Terry Gene Bollea -LRB- August 11 1953 -RRB- , better known by his ring name Hulk Hogan , is an American professional wrestler , actor , television personality , and musician currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- .
Interstate 65 -LRB- I-65 -RRB- is a major Interstate Highway in the United States .
Yoshinobu Ishii -LRB- born 13 March 1939 in Fukuyama , Hiroshima , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
She won four Grand Slam singles titles , six Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles .
ArÃ nzazu Arantxa Isabel Maria SÃ nchez Vicario -LRB- born December 18 , 1971 in Barcelona , Spain -RRB- is a Spanish former professional tennis player .
Software development -LRB- also known as application development , software design , designing software , software application development , enterprise application development , or platform development -RRB- is the development of a software product . The term `` software development '' may be used to refer to the activity of computer programming , which is the process of writing and maintaining the source code , but in a broader sense of the term it includes all that is involved between the conception of the desired software through to the final manifestation of the software , ideally in a planned and structured process .
Warren Gamaliel Harding -LRB- November 2 , 1865 -- August 2 , 1923 -RRB- was the 29th President of the United States -LRB- 1921 â `` 1923 -RRB- .
The Dhund Abbasi are a tribe of northern Pakistan .
The tribe claims descent from Dhond Khan -LRB- a nickname of Shah Wali Khan -RRB- and â Abbas ibn â Abd al-Muttalib and hence are known as Dhund Abbasi .
The rule of the Abbasi extended eastwards across Afghanistan into the South Asian subcontinent , covering the eastern part of modern-day Pakistan .
The descendants of Abbas displaced the Umayyad rulers and were known as the Abbasids . This dynasty governed for 500 years from Baghdad , Iraq .
The tribe is spread throughout Circle Bakote , Poonch District , Bagh , Kashmir , and the Murree Hills area .
The tribe speak the Dhundi-Kairali dialect .
Although the tribe traces its roots back to Abbas , it is more likely that the Dhund Abbasi people are descended from the Abbasid dynasty .
The following lists all rail stations of the Mass Rapid Transit -LRB- MRT -RRB- system in Singapore , with underground stations listed in italics .
There are currently 78 stations in operation with another one completed but operationally delayed until its surrounding area is more built up .
Many more are currently in various stages of planning and construction -LRB- as shown in the latest system map -RRB- .
The film stars BeyoncÃ Knowles , Mos Def , Rah Digga , Wyclef Jean , Mekhi Phifer , Da Brat , Joy Bryant , Jermaine Dupri and Lil ' Bow Wow .
To date , it is the second major attempt at an African-American adaptation of the opera , the first being the 1943 Broadway musical Carmen Jones and its 1954 Academy Award nominated and box office hit film adaptation .
It is based upon Georges Bizet 's opera , Carmen , set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times , and features a mostly original hip-hop\/R & B score in place of Bizet 's opera .
The movie received mainly negative reviews .
Carmen : A Hip Hopera is a 2001 musical film produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend .
Prominent sporting venues in Sydney include the Sydney Cricket Ground or SCG , ANZ Stadium , The Sydney Football Stadium , Eastern Creek Raceway , Royal Randwick and Rosehill Gardens Racecourse . Sydney has two main daily newspapers .
The site of the first British colony in Australia , Sydney was established in 1788 at Sydney Cove by Arthur Phillip , commodore of the First Fleet as a penal colony . The city is built on hills surrounding Port Jackson which is commonly known as Sydney Harbour , where the iconic Sydney Opera House and the Harbour Bridge are featured prominently .
Elizabeth Kocanski Carolan -LRB- born November 24 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix .
Vampirates is a series of books by British author Justin Somper , about two twin children , Connor and Grace Tempest , who get separated at sea and are picked up by two very different ships .
The term Vampirate refers to a vampire living on the pirate ship , the Nocturne The year is 2512 .
At the 2000 census , the population was 7,228 .
Greenville is a city in Butler County , Alabama , United States .
The city is the county seat of Butler County and is known as the Camellia City .
The presidency armies were named after the presidencies : the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army .
The three separate Presidency Armies therefore continued to exist , and their European officers continued to be listed as members of the Bengal , Madras or Bombay Army rather than the British Army .
These troops are often referred to as â H.M. â s Regimentsâ or â Royal regimentsâ .
Following the Indian Mutiny of 1857-58 and the consequent abolition of the East India Company , its European regiments were amalgamated in 1860 with the British Army , but its â Nativeâ regiments were not .
From the mid-eighteenth century onwards , the Crown began to despatch regiments of the regular British Army to India , to reinforce the Companyâ s armies .
All three armies contained European regiments in which both the officers and men were Europeans , as well as a larger number of â Nativeâ regiments , in which the officers were Europeans and the other ranks were Indians .
In 1895 the three presidency armies were merged into a united Indian Army , which in turn gave rise to the armies of India and of Pakistan following Independence in 1947 .
However , the Presidency Armies began to be described collectively as the Indian Army .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of the East India Company 's rule in India , later the forces of the British Crown in India .
The Bengal Army , Madras Army , and Bombay Army were quite distinct , each with its own Regiments and cadre of European officers .
From the mid-eighteenth century , the East India Company began to maintain armies at each of its three main stations , or Presidencies of British India , at Calcutta -LRB- Bengal -RRB- , Madras and Bombay .
The presidency armies , like the presidencies themselves , belonged to the Company until the Indian Mutiny of 1857 , when the Crown took over all three presidencies .
BÃ 1\/4 llingen is a largely German language-speaking municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Melrose Place is an American television primetime soap opera that aired on Fox in the United States from July 8 , 1992 , to May 24 , 1999 for seven seasons .
The 8-day Blackpool Dance Festival is the world 's first and most famous annual ballroom dance competition of international significance , held in the Empress Ballroom at the Winter Gardens , Blackpool , England since 1920 .
It covers Ballroom and Latin American dancing , and incorporates the British Open Championships in categories of adult amateur and professional couples and formation teams .
It is also the largest ballroom competition : in 2003 , 1539 couples from 54 countries took part in the festival .
The annual World Professional Dancesport Championship is often held in Blackpool -LRB- 4 times between 1989 and 2005 -RRB- , but is not connected with the Dance Festival .
As of the early 21st century the festival is held in May .
In 2005 two new categories were introduced : the British Rising Star Amateur Ballroom and Latin Competitions .
Two invitation events , the Professional Team Match and the Exhibition Competition , create much interest .
The Junior Dance Festival , Blackpool Sequence Dance Festival which incorporates the British Sequence Championships , and British National Dance Festival are also held annually in Blackpool .
Provides a simple wrapper for -LRB- up to 5 consecutive -RRB- citation tags that minimizes visual impact on the text , which along with the simpler syntax increases code readability and editability .
Moosleerau is a municipality in the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A computer program -LRB- also a software program , or just a program -RRB- is a sequence of instructions written to perform a specified task for a computer .
1000 Ways to Die is an American docufiction television series that premiered on May 14 , 2008 on Spike .
All songs written by Fiona Apple .
After David Cameron was elected leader of the Conservative Party in 2005 , Hague returned to front line politics as shadow foreign secretary .
He served as Leader of the Conservative Party from June 1997 to September 2001 and is currently the British Foreign Secretary and First Secretary of State under David Cameron .
William Jefferson Hague -LRB- born 26 March 1961 -RRB- is a British Conservative politician .
Following the Conservatives ' defeat in the 1997 general election , he was elected as leader of the Conservative Party .
Educated at Ripon Grammar School , a selective grammar school , then the University of Oxford and INSEAD , Hague was first elected to the House of Commons in a by-election in 1989 .
The Complutense University of Madrid -LRB- , UCM -RRB- is a university in Madrid , and one of the oldest universities in the world .
It is located on a sprawling campus that occupies the entirety of the Ciudad Universitaria district of Madrid , with annexes in the district of Somosaguas in the neighboring city of Pozuelo de AlarcÃ n.
According to the annual university rankings conducted by El Mundo , the Complutense University ranks as the top public university in Spain , with its Schools of Philosophy , Spanish Literature , History , Pharmacy , Optometry , Journalism , Psychology , and Sociology holding the top national rankings .
Longnes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Ployart-et-Vaurseine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Many of the songs were taken from the band 's 40-song repertoire at the time , including `` Stories for Boys '' , `` Out of Control '' , and `` Twilight '' .
Boy is the debut album from Irish rock band U2 , released October 20 , 1980 .
Some of the songs , including `` An Cat Dubh '' and `` The Ocean '' , were written and recorded in the studio .
He has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice : as a member of The Yardbirds -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and as a solo artist -LRB- 2009 -RRB- .
The Yardbirds recorded most of their Top 40 hit songs during Beck 's time with The Yardbirds , which was short , allowing him only one full album , Yardbirds which became known as Roger the Engineer , released in 1966 .
Geoffrey Arnold `` Jeff '' Beck -LRB- born 24 June 1944 -RRB- is an English rock guitarist .
Ziarat is a district in the north of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Gerra -LRB- Gambarogno -RRB- is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
On the other hand , in Iran the chador does not require the wearing of a veil . Inside the home , particularly for urban women , both the chador and the veil have been discarded and there women and teenagers wore cooler and lighter garments , while in modern times , rural women continue to wear a light-weight printed chador inside the home over their clothing during their daily activities .
The University of Utah , also known as the U or the U of U , is a public , coeducational research university in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Bradford is an unincorporated community in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
The Czech Republic national football team represents the Czech Republic in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of the Czech Republic , the governing body for football in the Czech Republic .
It was in turn named for Edward Smith-Stanley , 12th Earl of Derby , who inaugurated the race in 1780 .
This timeline documents all the storm formations , strengthening , weakening , landfalls , extratropical transitions , as well as dissipation .
The timeline includes information which was not operationally released , meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center , such as information about a storm that was not operationally warned on , have been included .
The season officially began on June 1 , 2006 , and lasted until November 30 .
Eric `` Hank '' Gathers -LRB- February 11 , 1967 â `` March 4 , 1990 -RRB- was an American college basketball star at Loyola Marymount University who collapsed and died during a game .
A second or third subdivision level is referred to with another number each .
The standard is developed and regulated by the European Union , and thus only covers the member states of the EU in detail .
NUTS is thus in some extent similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard , as well as the FIPS 10-4 standard of the United States .
In case the subdivision has more than nine entities , capital letters are used to continue the numbering .
Note that not all countries have every level of division , depending on their size .
There are three levels of NUTS defined , with two levels of local administrative units -LRB- LAUs -RRB- below .
These were called NUTS levels 4 and 5 until July 2003 , but were officially abolished by regulation , although they are sometimes still described as such .
In addition to the full three levels for the European Union countries , all other countries have a NUTS code with a two-letter code for a continent and two numbers for the country , and for the USA , Canada and Australia the states , provinces , and territories are numbered separately .
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics or Nomenclature of Units for Territorial Statistics , -LRB- NUTS , after the French nomenclature d'unit Ã s territoriales statistiques -RRB- is a geocode standard for referencing the subdivisions of countries for statistical purposes .
The subdivision of the country is then referred to with one number .
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country , which is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code -LRB- except UK instead of GB for the United Kingdom -RRB- .
Each numbering starts with 1 , as 0 is used for the upper level .
It also includes violence against religious institutions , persons , or objects , when the violence is motivated by the religious aspect of the target of the violence .
It is possible that the Bantu languages originated in the region of eastern Nigeria or Cameroon .
Parts of the Bantu area include languages from other language families -LRB- see map -RRB- .
Zulu comes second with 10.3 million speakers .
Some estimate that about 2000 years ago the Bantu people spread southwards and eastwards , introducing agriculture and iron working and colonizing much of the continent in the Bantu expansion .
According to Ethnologue the Bantu language with the largest number of speakers as a first language is Shona with 10.8 million speakers in Zimbabwe .
Some words from various Bantu languages have been borrowed into western languages .
The Bantu languages -LRB- technically Narrow Bantu languages -RRB- constitute a traditional sub-branch of the Niger-Congo languages .
Bantu languages are spoken largely east and south of the present day country of Cameroon ; i.e. , in the regions commonly known as central Africa , east Africa , and southern Africa .
Shiro Kikuhara -LRB- born July 7 , 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Aubignan -LRB- Aubinhan in Occitan -RRB- is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Ornex is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
According to the latest Greek census of 2001 , the town of Andros still contained 1,508 inhabitants , and the island 's total was 10,009 .
He was Senator of the Coquimbo Province between 1897 and 1903 .
Postumously , his succession donated to the Municipality of Pichilemu their forest , terraces , park , perrons , among others , with the condition that they should be attended worthily .
He participated in the trades of the bank of the Edwards family .
Ross studied in the Carlos Black and Simon Kerr School , in La Serena .
Ross was militant of the National Party of Chile .
He first constructed the Ross Hotel with a European-style design , assigning Evaristo Merino as its administrator , meanwhile he started promoting Pichilemu in cities as Santiago de Chile .
A Chilean chronicler quoted :
Later he went to Scotland , where he studied in the Queen Streat Institution , between 1856 and 1860 .
Ross died on October 26 , 1926 , in ViÃ a del Mar. .
He later constructed the Ross Casino and the Ross Park .
AgustÃ n Ross Edwards -LRB- February 5 , 1844 , La Serena , Chile - October 20 , 1926 , ViÃ a del Mar , Chile -RRB- was a Chilean politician , diplomatic and banker .
He was private agent in London of the Government Junta of Iquique in 1891 .
Ross went to Pichilemu circa 1890 , and he bought some areas in the town .
They used materials as : shards from Italy , Oregon pine from the United States , cement from Portland .
He was son of David Ross and Carmen Edwards Ossandon , both were of British ancestry .
He was plenipotenciary minister in Great Britain in February 1892 .
In San Fernando , in September 1885 , he bought the property of Francisco Torrealba , a terrain that lasted at the Pichilemu beach .
He was married with Susana Ferari .
After unifying the region with his kingdom in the early 700s BC , king Argishtis I of Urartu resettled many of its inhabitants to his newly built city of Erebuni -LRB- modern day Armenian capital Yerevan -RRB- .
Sophene , or , -RRB- was a province of the Armenian Kingdom and of the Roman Empire , located in the south-west of the kingdom .
Zareh and his descendants ruled the kingdom of Sophene until it was reunified with Greater Armenia by Tigranes the Great in the 80s BC .
It currently lies in modern-day southeastern Turkey .
Sophene later become part of the Roman Empire , and was made into a province of the Roman Empire .
In the early 200s BC , at the instigation of the Seleucid Empire , which was trying to weaken the Armenian kingdom , Sophene , split from Greater Armenia , forming the Kingdom of Sophene .
The capital was Amida -LRB- modern DiyarbakÄ r -RRB- .
Around 54 , the province was ruled by Sohaemus of Emesa .
Following Antiochus ' defeat by Romans at the battle of Magnesia in 190 BC , both Zareh and Artashes declared themselves independent kings .
Pompey gave Sophene to Tigranes , after defeating his father Tigranes the Great .
In 530 , Sophene was included into the province of Armenia IV .
The region that was to become Sophene was part of the kingdom of Ararat -LRB- Urartu -RRB- in the 8th-7th centuries BC .
Around 200 BC , in his attempt to finally subjugate Armenia , Seleucian king Antiochus III conquered both Greater Armenia and Sophene , installing Armenian generals Artaxias I and Zariadres as governors-strategoses respectively in each kingdom .
According to Anania Shirakatsi 's Ashkharatsuyts -LRB- `` World Atlas , '' 7th century -RRB- , Tsopk -LRB- Sophene -RRB- was the 2nd among the 15 provinces of Greater Armenia .
The kingdom was ruled by a branch of the Armenian royal dynasty of Orontids .
Around 600 BC , Sophene became part of the newly emerged ancient Armenian Kingdom of the Orontids .
After Alexander the Great 's campaigns in 330s BC and the subsequent collapse of the Achaemenid Empire , Sophene remained part of the newly independent kingdom of Greater Armenia .
Monkey brains are eaten as a delicacy in South East Asia , China , and Africa .
Monkeys are generally considered to be intelligent and , unlike apes , monkeys usually have tails .
In this version of the fable , a character named Moneke is the son of Martin the Ape . The word Moneke may have been derived from the Italian monna , which means `` a female ape '' .
All primates that are not prosimians or apes are monkeys .
A group of monkeys may be referred to as a mission or a tribe .
Some characteristics are shared among the groups ; most New World monkeys have prehensile tails while Old World monkeys have non-prehensile tails or no visible tail at all .
Thus , scientifically speaking , monkeys are paraphyletic -LRB- not a single coherent group -RRB- and Old World monkeys are actually more closely related to the apes than they are to the New World monkeys .
A navel piercing -LRB- also referred to as a belly button piercing -RRB- is a type of body piercing .
It may heal very quickly and with no problems , like an ear piercing , or may heal more like a surface piercing with the associated extended healing time .
He is the world record and Olympic record holder in the 100 metres , the 200 metres and -LRB- along with his teammates -RRB- the 4 x 100 metres relay .
Takeshi Mizuuchi -LRB- born 19 November 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Major towns in the province include CÃ rdenas , Colon , Jovellanos and the capital of the same name , Matanzas .
Matanzas is one of the provinces of Cuba .
The resort town of Varadero is also located in this province .
The north-western coast is largely rocky , with a few beaches , while the north-eastern coast has numerous small cays of its coast -LRB- part of Sabana-Camaguey Archipelago -RRB- , and scrubland and mangroves near the shoreline .
East of the peninsula lies the Bay of Pigs , the site of the failed US backed invasion .
The second largest in Cuba , Matanzas province is largely flat , with its highest point -LRB- Pan de Matanzas -RRB- at only 380m above sea level .
The southern coast has one of Cuba 's most distinctive features : an enormous marsh , CiÃ naga de Zapata that covers both the southern part of the province and the Zapata Peninsula .
Of Cuba 's provinces , Matanzas is one of the most industrialised , with petroleum wells , refineries , supertanker facilities , and 21 sugar mills to process the harvests of the fields of sugarcane in the province .
Reformed doctrine is expressed in various confessions .
A few confessions are shared by many denominations .
Different denominations use different confessions , usually based on historical reasons .
Therefore shared filming Zitera of Judah Judd Ne 'em an .
Derzi directed the film `` Film of Nemad '' with Efrat Gosh , Mohammad Bakri , Yael Hadar , Amos Tamm , Meirav Gruberand and Oded Leopold .
In 2009 he directed the documentary The Life of A Singer , which brings the story of Itzhak Klepter .
From 2009 began to direct and produce songs with complex effects to music and children channels Video clip to television channels and film and Music video with commercial Hollywood fragrance .
Produced and directed the first Music video of Itzhak Klepter to music channels and children 's songs to TV and Created special effects in film and television .
The documentary film `` cocktail of joy and love '' that brings the story of Orphaned sick children in AIDS in Ethiopia .
Derzi was born in Jerusalem , graduate Film School named Camera Obscura in Tel Aviv in 2007 .
Kilkenny Borough Council , Formerly Kilkenny Corporation used to have a Sovereign and Council of Twelve , but these have since been replaced by a Mayor and Councillors .
Kilkenny is a city and is the county town of the eponymous County Kilkenny in Ireland .
Kilkenny borough has a population of 8,591 , however the majority of the population of Kilkenny live outside the borough boundary .
People from Kilkenny are often referred to as Cats . The seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ossory is at St. Mary 's Cathedral and the Church of Ireland Bishop of Cashel and Ossory is at St. Canice 's Cathedral .
People from Kilkenny are often referred to as Cats .
In 1609 King James I of England granted Kilkenny a Royal Charter giving it the status of a city .
Kilkenny it is situated in the Nore Valley on both banks of the River Nore , at the center of County Kilkenny in the province of Leinster in the south-east of Ireland .
The city has been referred to as the `` Marble City '' for centuries .
The Neckar is a 367 k long river , mainly flowing through the southwestern state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , but also a short section through Hesse , in Germany .
The Neckar is a major right tributary of the River Rhine .
Rising in the Black Forest near Villingen-Schwenningen in the conservation area Schwenninger Moos at a height of 706 m above sea level , it passes through Rottweil , Rottenburg am Neckar , Kilchberg , TÃ 1\/4 bingen , Wernau , NÃ 1\/4 rtingen , Plochingen , Esslingen , Stuttgart , Ludwigsburg , Marbach , Heilbronn and Heidelberg , before discharging into the Rhine at Mannheim -LRB- at 95 m above sea level -RRB- .
Lummen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
Ã touvelles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Manatee Palms was fined $ 12,000 by the state , required to make millions of dollars worth of renovations , and to reduce its patient census to zero before reopening in May 2007 .
Manatee Palms Youth Services has been required to cease admissions twice by the State of Florida due to widespread abuse and neglect .
These were first published , for the most part , in Sunny Stories , an Enid Blyton magazine , or other children 's papers .
Enid Blyton was a prolific author of short stories .
In physiology , transduction is the conversion of a stimulus from one form to another .
The light causes a conformational change in a protein called rhodopsin .
For example , in the visual system , sensory cells called rod and cone cells in the retina convert the physical energy of light signals into electrical impulses that travel to the brain .
Thus , in this example , more light hitting the photoreceptor results in the transduction of a signal into fewer electrical impulses , effectively communicating that stimulus to the brain .
The Kenya national football team , nicknamed the Harambee Stars , is the national team of Kenya and is controlled by the Kenyan Football Federation .
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen -LRB- born June 13 , 1986 -RRB- are American actresses .
In 2005 , he became the ninth incarnation of The Doctor in the British television series Doctor Who .
Christopher Eccleston -LRB- ; born 16 February 1964 -RRB- is an English stage , film and television actor .
The essential characteristic of all three types is that they consist of a ring bank and ditch but with the ditch inside the bank rather than outside .
There are three related types of Neolithic earthwork which are all sometimes loosely called henges .
His mother was Francisca GonzÃ lez Mateos , a woman of slender means from Trujillo , daughter of Juan Mateos , of the family called Los Roperos , and wife MarÃ a Alonso , labradores pecheros from Trujillo .
In Lima , Peru on 26 June 1541 `` a group of twenty heavily armed supporters of Diego Almagro II stormed Pizarro 's palace , assassinated him , and then forced the terrified city council to appoint young Almagro as the new governor of Peru '' , according to Burkholder and Johnson .
He was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro RodrÃ guez de Aguilar -LRB- senior -RRB- -LRB- 1446 â `` 1522 -RRB- who as colonel of infantry served in the Italian campaigns under Gonzalo FernÃ ndez de CÃ rdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction .
This led to confrontations between the Pizarro brothers and Almagro , who was eventually defeated during the Battle of Las Salinas -LRB- 1538 -RRB- and executed .
Pizarro was born in the town of Trujillo , in modern day Extremadura , Spain .
Through his father , Francisco was second cousin once removed to HernÃ n CortÃ s , the famed conquistador of the Aztec Empire .
About 1945 , he moved to Winnipeg , and in approximately 1954 he retired from his job as a locomotive engineer , having worked for the Canadian National Railways .
Everard Lorne Carpenter -LRB- June 15 , 1890 in Hartford , Michigan â `` April 30 , 1963 in Winnipeg , Manitoba -RRB- was an Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played two seasons in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the Quebec Bulldogs and Hamilton Tigers .
He played with the Moncton Victorias in the 1912-13 season and the New Glasgow Black Foxes in 1913-14 .
The team -LRB- which included Jack Walker -RRB- defeated Prince Albert for the Western Canadian championship , then went on to play the Ottawa Senators on March 16 , 1911 for the Stanley Cup ; they were defeated by the NHA team .
He played the defensive position of cover point with the semi-professional Thunder Bay Hockey Club in 1910 , then during the hockey seasons of 1910-11 & 1911-12 for the Port Arthur Hockey Club .
Although born in Michigan , Eddie grew up in the Lachute-Brownsburg , Quebec area where his parents lived until they moved to Red Deer , Alberta in 1913 .
Eddie moved to Port Arthur , Ontario in 1909 to work for the Canadian Northern Railway .
He served as councilor of the city of Port Arthur in 1941 .
He won a Stanley Cup with the 1917 Seattle Metropolitans .
After retiring from professional hockey in 1921 , Eddie became the trainer , coach and manager for the Port Arthur Hockey Club which won two Allan Cups in 1924-25 and 1925-26 .
Meysse is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Castrotierra de Valmadrigal is a municipality located in the province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain .
According to the 2004 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , the municipality has a population of 142 inhabitants .
The rebellion is also known as India 's First War of Independence , the Great Rebellion , the Indian Mutiny , the Revolt of 1857 , the Uprising of 1857 , the Sepoy Rebellion , and the Sepoy Mutiny .
In English , his works are published under the name S. Y. Agnon .
In Hebrew , he is known by the acronym Shai Agnon -LRB- '' cents ' -RRB- .
Shmuel Yosef Agnon , -LRB- July 17 , 1888 -- February 17 , 1970 -RRB- was a Nobel Prize laureate writer and was one of the central figures of modern Hebrew fiction .
Saint-Martin-du-Bois is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Daon is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It is one of the few national anthems in the world to have no official lyrics .
-LRB- `` The Royal March '' -RRB- is the national anthem of Spain .
The Guaramid Dynasty was the younger branch of the Chosroid royal house of Iberia -LRB- Kartli , eastern Georgia -RRB- .
A web chat is a system that allow users to communicate in real time using easily accessible web interfaces .
In 2003 , the company was rebranded as simply `` Dell Inc. '' to recognize the company 's expansion beyond computers . From 2004 to 2007 , Michael Dell stepped aside as CEO , while long-time Dell employee Kevin Rollins took the helm .
The main river is the river that names the county - the Prahova River .
Buellas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Ueno Station should not be confused with the nearby Keisei-Ueno Station , the Tokyo terminus of the Keisei Main Line to Narita Airport Station .
He is best known for his book Anarchy , State , and Utopia -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , a libertarian answer to John Rawls 's A Theory of Justice -LRB- 1971 -RRB- .
Robert Nozick -LRB- November 16 , 1938 â `` January 23 , 2002 -RRB- was an American political philosopher , most prominent in the 1970s and 1980s .
She is working for World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- on its Raw brand as Eve , as well as her full name .
Eve Torres is an American dancer , model , and professional wrestler .
Bessay is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Lone Grove is a city in Carter County , Oklahoma , United States .
JosÃ PlÃ cido Domingo Embil KBE -LRB- born 21 January 1941 , Madrid -RRB- , better known as PlÃ cido Domingo , is a Spanish tenor and conductor known for his versatile and strong voice , possessing a ringing and dramatic tone throughout its range .
Dearly Devoted Dexter -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a crime\/horror novel by Jeff Lindsay , the second in his series about psychopathic vigilante Dexter Morgan , which has been adapted into a television series .
Fauquembergues is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Lendelede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Users who continue to create or repost such pages and images , especially those in violation of our biographies of living persons policy , will be blocked from editing Wikipedia .
Please do not create attack pages . Attack pages and files are not tolerated by Wikipedia and are speedily deleted .
Cedar Key is a city in Levy County , Florida , United States .
The population was 1,267 at the 2000 Census .
Adams is a town in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
There are also other towns named Adams in Wisconsin .
The City of Adams is located within the town .
After the English Civil War and the execution of Charles I , the republic 's existence was initially declared by An Act declaring England to be a Commonwealth by the Rump Parliament , on 19 May 1649 .
The Commonwealth of England was the republic which ruled first England , and then Ireland and Scotland from 1649 to 1660 .
The term Commonwealth is , however , loosely used to describe the system of government during the whole of 1649 to 1660 , when England was de facto , and arguably de jure , a republic -LRB- or , to monarchists , under the English Interregnum -RRB- .
The government during 1653 to 1659 is properly called The Protectorate , and took the form of direct personal rule by Oliver Cromwell and , after his death , his son Richard , as Lord Protector ; this arrangement led to the state being labeled a `` crowned republic '' .
Wilton Manors is a city in Broward County , Florida , United States .
Bavincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Lawrenceburg is a city in Anderson County , Kentucky , United States .
Dercy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Drew Blyth Barrymore -LRB- born February 22 , 1975 -RRB- is an American film actress , producer , and director . She is a member of the Barrymore family of American actors and granddaughter of John Barrymore .
She quickly became one of Hollywood 's most recognized child actors , going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles .
Afterwards , she starred in her breakout role in E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial .
Barrymore made her film debut in Altered States in 1980 .
Use this as a warning that some or all books cited do not have their authors , publishers , publication dates and\/or ISBNs included in the article .
Instead use , for example , ISBN 1413304540 , ISBN 978-1-41-330454-1 , ISBN 978-1413304541 , or ISBN 9781413304541 without braces to produce the links to Special : Booksources for ISBN 1413304540 , ISBN 978-1-41-330454-1 , ISBN 978-1413304541 , or ISBN 9781413304541 .
There is currently no consensus on where to place this template in an article .
The simplest way to add this template to an article is to copy and paste at the bottom of the article .
The stadium was one of the venues for the 2006 FIFA World Cup , the only one located in the territory of the former GDR .
Malikis say that it is 36 .
Tarawih prayers are prayed in pairs of two and can be prayed in at least 20 rakaâ Ä t according to the two major schools -LRB- Hanafis , Shafi ` i -RRB- of Islam .
Jin Sato -LRB- born 27 September 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson -LRB- born January 20 , 1966 -RRB- is an American actor and comedian .
He is primarily known for his role as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American version of the television comedy The Office .
Potassium arsenate is the chemical compound with the formula KH2AsO4 .
Other salts are also called potassium arsenate , including K2HAsO4 and K3AsO4 .
Mogneneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Auvare is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Diego ForlÃ n Corazo -LRB- ; born 19 May 1979 in Montevideo -RRB- is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a striker for AtlÃ tico Madrid and the Uruguayan national team .
FlorianÃ polis is the capital city of Santa Catarina State in southern Brazil .
It is composed of one main island , the Island of Santa Catarina -LRB- Ilha de Santa Catarina -RRB- , a continental part and the surrounding small islands .
British Rail Class D3\/1 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England .
The NBL\/MAN engines were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Scotland under licence from the German company MAN .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by the North British Locomotive Company .
Hoover Dam , once known as Boulder Dam , is a concrete arch-gravity dam in the Black Canyon of the Colorado River , on the border between the US states of Arizona and Nevada .
Hoover Dam is a major tourist attraction ; nearly a million people tour the dam each year . Heavily traveled U.S. 93 ran along the dam 's crest until October 2010 , when the Hoover Dam Bypass opened .
A ' -LRB- -LRB- si .
Tlatoani -LRB- ; plural ' , -LRB- tÉ aÊ '' .
The word literally means `` speaker '' , but may be translated into English as `` king '' .
keÊ '' -RRB- -RRB- is the Nahuatl term for the ruler of an altepetl , a pre-Hispanic state .
Domesday Book is the record of the great survey of much of England and parts of Wales completed in 1086 , executed for William I of England , or William the Conqueror .
In 1986 , the BBC released the BBC Domesday Project , the results of a project to create a survey to mark the 900th anniversary of the original Domesday Book . In August 2006 the contents of Domesday went on-line , with an English translation of the book 's Latin .
The square root of 2 was the first number to be proved irrational and that article contains a number of proofs .
Yuhei Ono -LRB- born 1 July 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Fagiano Okayama .
Aubrey Vincent Beardsley -LRB- 21 August 1872 -- 16 March 1898 -RRB- was an English illustrator and author .
It is published in New York City by Dow Jones & Company , a division of News Corporation , along with the Asian and European editions of the Journal .
Atsushi Mio is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gainare Tottori .
As technology increased and demand for the resources remained high , catches far exceeded the sustainable limit for whale stocks .
In 1986 the International Whaling Commission -LRB- IWC -RRB- banned commercial whaling so that stocks might recover . While the moratorium has been successful in averting the extinction of whale species due to overhunting , contemporary whaling is subject to intense debate .
Whaling is the hunting of whales mainly for meat and oil .
In the late 1930s more than 50,000 whales were killed annually and by the middle of the century whale stocks were not being replenished .
The reason for the moratorium -LRB- on commercial whaling -RRB- was scientific uncertainty about the number of whales .
In 1986 the International Whaling Commission -LRB- IWC -RRB- banned commercial whaling so that stocks might recover .
Its earliest forms date to at least 3000 BC .
Anti-whaling countries and environmental groups contend that those stocks remain vulnerable and that whaling is immoral , unsustainable , and should remain banned permanently .
Piraeus is the third largest municipality in Greece with an official population of 175,697 -LRB- in 2001 -RRB- .
Piraeus is now the third largest municipality in Greece ; the city proper with its suburbs form the Piraeus urban area , which is incorporated in the Athens urban area , thus making Piraeus an integral part of the Greek capital .
King of the Klondike or The Argonaut of White Agony Creek is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the eighth of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
With Nicolai 's departure in 1847 , the orchestra nearly folded , and was not very active until 1860 , when Karl Anton Eckert joined as conductor .
The Vienna Philharmonic -LRB- in German : Wiener Philharmoniker -RRB- is an orchestra in Austria , regularly considered one of the finest in the world .
During Richter 's tenure , the orchestra gave the premieres of the 2nd and 3rd symphonies of Johannes Brahms , and the 8th symphony of Anton Bruckner .
Each New Year 's Day since 1 January 1941 , the VPO has sponsored the Vienna New Year 's Concerts , dedicated to the music of the Strauss family composers , and particularly that of Johann Strauss II .
These have included a great many of the world 's best known conductors , including Richard Strauss , Arturo Toscanini , Hans Knappertsbusch , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler , John Barbirolli , Carlo Maria Giulini , Georg Solti , Erich Kleiber , James Levine , Zubin Mehta , Carlos Kleiber , Claudio Abbado , Riccardo Muti , Nikolaus Harnoncourt , Pierre Boulez , Lorin Maazel , Mariss Jansons , Daniel Barenboim and Valery Gergiev .
Since 1933 , the orchestra has had no single principal conductor , but instead has a number of guest conductors .
Three conductors , however , were particularly associated with the post-war era : Herbert von Karajan and Karl BÃ hm , who were made honorary conductors , and Leonard Bernstein , who was made an honorary member of the orchestra .
He gave a series of four subscription concerts , and since then , the orchestra has given concerts continuously .
The orchestra can trace its origins to 1842 , when Otto Nicolai formed the Philharmonische Academie ; which was a fully independent orchestra and which took all its decisions by a democratic vote of all its members .
From 1875 to 1898 Hans Richter was principal conductor , except for the season 1882-1883 when he was in dispute with the orchestral committee .
Gustav Mahler held the post from 1898 to 1901 , and under his baton the orchestra played abroad for the first time at the 1900 Paris World Exposition .
Subsequent conductors were Felix Weingartner , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler and Clemens Krauss .
Kapellen -LRB- old spelling : Cappellen -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp . The municipality consists only of the town of Kapellen proper .
The Montes Taurus were named by Johannes Hevelius after the Taurus Mountains in southern Turkey .
These peaks are located on a highland region to the east of the Mare Serenitatis , in the northeastern quadrant of the Moon 's near side .
The selenographic coordinates of this range are 28.4 Â N , 41.1 Â E , and they have a diameter of 172 km .
At the southwestern edge of the range is the crater RÃ mer , and Newcomb is located in the northeastern section .
Some of the peaks within the range achieve heights of 3000 m.
A number of craters lie embedded within this range .
Several satellite craters also lie throughout the Montes Taurus .
Montes Taurus is a rugged , jumbled mountainous region on the Moon .
Fort Dodge is served by the Fort Dodge Community School District .
He claims that in Hitler 's `` RÃ hm Purge '' speech to the Reichstag on July 13 , 1934 , the third group of `` pathological enemies of the state '' that Hitler lists are , in fact , the Freikorps fighters .
Between World War I and World War II the term was also used for the paramilitary organizations that arose during the period of the Weimar Germany .
Freikorps leaders symbolically gave their old battle flags to Hitler 's Sturmabteilung -LRB- SA -RRB- and Schutzstaffel -LRB- SS -RRB- on November 9 , 1933 in a huge ceremony .
Historian Robert Waite claims that Hitler had many problems with the Freikorps .
The meaning of the word `` freikorps '' changed over time .
Later , Ludwig Adolf Wilhelm von LÃ 1\/4 tzow , a survivor of Schill 's Freikorps , formed the LÃ 1\/4 tzow Free Corps which took part in the German War of Liberation .
They were also used to defeat the Bavarian Soviet Republic in 1919 .
They received considerable support from Minister of Defense Gustav Noske , a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany , who used them to crush the German Revolution and the Marxist Spartacist League and arrest Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg , who were killed on 15 January 1919 .
Numerous future members and leaders of the Nazi Party had served in the Freikorps , including Ernst RÃ hm , future head of the Sturmabteilung , or SA , Heinrich Himmler , future head of the Schutzstaffel , or SS , and Rudolf HÃ Ã , the future Kommandant of the Auschwitz concentration camp .
In 1920 , Adolf Hitler had just begun his political career as the leader of the tiny and as-yet-unknown German Workers Party -LRB- soon renamed the National Socialist German Workers Party , NSDAP -RRB- in Munich .
Many of the Freikorps had joined the SA , so when the Night of the Long Knives came , they were among those targeted for killing or arrest , including Ehrhardt and RÃ hm .
The Freikorps were regarded as unreliable by regular armies , so they were mainly used as sentries and for minor duties .
After 1918 , the term was used for the paramilitary organizations that sprang up around Germany as soldiers returned in defeat from World War I. They were the key Weimar paramilitary groups active during that time .
The first Freikorps were recruited by Frederick II of Prussia in the 18th century during the Seven Years ' War .
Hermann Ehrhardt , founder and leader of Marinebrigade Ehrhardt , and his deputy Commander Eberhard Kautter , leaders of the Viking League , refused to help Hitler and Erich Ludendorff in their Beer Hall Putsch and conspired against them .
At its greatest extent , the empire included the modern territories of Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan , parts of Central Asia , Asia Minor , Thrace and Macedonia , much of the Black Sea coastal regions , Iraq , northern Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Israel , Lebanon , Syria , and all significant population centers of ancient Egypt as far west as Libya .
The Achaemenid Empire -LRB- c. 550 â `` 330 B.C.E. -RRB- , , also known as the Persian Empire , was the successor state of the Median Empire , expanding to eventually rule over significant portions of the ancient world which at around 500 B.C.E. stretched from the Indus Valley in the east , to Thrace and Macedon on the northeastern border of Greece .
Ã coivres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Toni Michelle Braxton -LRB- born October 7 , 1967 -RRB- is an American R&B singer , songwriter and actress .
The Count of Monte Cristo is an adventure novel by Alexandre Dumas , pÃ re .
The writing of the work was completed in 1844 .
In a 1982 case involving hereditary deafness , the Supreme Court of California was the first state supreme court to endorse the child 's right to sue for wrongful life , but in the same decision , limited the child 's recovery to special damages .
Historically , only parents could sue for their own damages incurred as a result of the birth of a disabled child -LRB- e.g. , the mother 's own pregnancy medical bills and cost of psychiatric treatment for both parents ' emotional distress resulting from the realization that their child was disabled -RRB- .
This cause of action is known as wrongful birth .
Typically a child and the parents will sue a doctor or a hospital for failing to provide information about the disability during the pregnancy , or a genetic disposition before the pregnancy .
In four U.S. states , the child is allowed to bring a wrongful life cause of action for such damages .
Most other jurisdictions , including New York , England and Ontario , have refused to allow the wrongful life cause of action .
Karl DÃ nitz -LRB- ; 16 September 1891 -- 24 December 1980 -RRB- was a German naval commander during World War II .
ProTour status for teams - relabelled UCI ProTeams - will continue as the highest level of registration , and will carry the right and obligation to participate in all World Tour Races . The ProTour licences are given to a maximum of 20 teams , to which sponsors must commit multiple years of sponsorship -LRB- 4 years at the ProTour 's inauguration -RRB- .
In 2008 the Tour Down Under in Australia became the first ProTour event to be held outside Europe .
Thongchai `` Bird '' McIntyre -LRB- born Albert Thongchai McIntyre , December 8 , 1958 -RRB- is a Thai pop singer who released his debut album in 1986 .
Bird played his first TV series with Kai while still working in a bank .
He was featured on CNN and Variety magazine .
It marks the first time in history a Thai pop artist has made an international tour .
His popular singles released recently include luk thung singles Mah Tummai -LRB- with Jintara Poonlarp -RRB- , Fan Ja -LRB- with Jintara and Jarin B. -LRB- Joey Boy -RRB- , Nat Myria Benedetti and Katreeya English -RRB- , Lao Su Kan Fang , and Yak Tham Kor Tob and Mai Kang Ying Pae from his album `` Volume One '' .
Thongchai McIntyre was born in Bangkok in 1958 to parents James and Udom McIntyre .
He is the most successful singer in Thailand , having sold more than 20 million albums .
Westerners became aware of him in the mid nineties as he became the first Thai artist to receive an International MTV Award , be featured in the most high budget Thai film at the time , `` Sunset at Chaopraya '' -LRB- which reached international acclaim in Japan as well as the U.S. -RRB- .
Among his best-known songs are Duay Rak Lae Pook Pan , Koo Gud , Sabai Sabai and Kob Jai Jing Jing .
He started working in a bank as an officer .
Thongchai McIntyre or `` Bird Thongchai '' is best known for his string -LRB- Thai pop -RRB- and luk thung music .
While working in a bank , he had a chance to meet the famous Thai TV producer `` Kai Varayuth '' who saw entertainment talent in Bird .
His father died when Bird was still a child .
He reached the height of his musical career in the early nineties .
In late 2007 , he released another album entitled `` Simply Bird '' , which features songs such as Chuay Rap Tee and Mee Tae Kid Tueng .
His most memorable role was that of Captain Kobori from Koo Kam , a tragic love story between a Japanese soldier -LRB- played by Bird -RRB- and a local Thai girl during the World War II where he starred in both a TV series and reprised his role in the 1996 film adaptation , Sunset at Chaophraya .
His family were musicians , hence he enjoyed an upbringing in a musical environment .
In 2010 , Bird made his first international tour in Los Angeles and the 50th Anniversary of Lincoln Center in New York .
He has also acted in numerous films , on television , musicals , and in commercials .
His Grammy label mates have previously only performed at local venues .
An award winning documentary on his life entitled `` Crossing Borders '' directed by Phanjanit Garnploog can be seen at St. John 's University in New York which includes rare interviews with the director .
Missy-l Ã s-Pierrepont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
For the latter , it is the most common additive used to `` iodize '' table salt -LRB- a public health measure to prevent iodine deficiency in populations which get little seafood -RRB- .
The capital is Bluefields .
RegiÃ n AutÃ noma del AtlÃ ntico Sur -LRB- Spanish for `` Autonomous Region of the Southern Atlantic '' -RRB- , sometimes shortened to RAAS , is one of two autonomous regions in Nicaragua .
Gabriel Francisco GarcÃ a de la Torre , -LRB- born 10 February 1979 -RRB- , aka Gabri , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Umm-Salal Sports Club in Qatar .
In 1958 Brush Traction Ltd and Beyer Peacock co-operated to produce five prototype diesel-electric shunting locomotives of 0-4-0 wheel arrangement .
Two were loaned to British Railways for trials , and one was subsequently purchased by BR .
They were intended to demonstrate a new generation of diesel shunters for industrial and mainline use .
However no large scale orders resulted from these demonstrators .
Eutrochium maculatum -LRB- Spotted Joe-pye Weed -RRB- is a member of the Asteraceae family .
New York University -LRB- NYU -RRB- is a private , nonsectarian research university based in New York City .
Diesel fuel in general is any liquid fuel used in diesel engines .
The choice of Bonn was made mainly due to the advocacy of Konrad Adenauer , a former Cologne Mayor and Chancellor of West Germany after World War II , who came from that area , despite the fact that Frankfurt already had most of the required facilities and using Bonn was estimated to be 95 million DM more expensive than using Frankfurt .
Because of its relatively small size for a capital city , Bonn was sometimes referred to , jokingly , as the Bundeshauptstadt ohne nennenswertes Nachtleben -LRB- Federal capital without noteworthy night-life -RRB- or the ` Bundesdorf ' -LRB- Federal Village -RRB- .
It 's used for receptions of guests of the town , and as a bureau for the mayor .
Nearby is the KurfÃ 1\/4 rstliches Schloss , built as a residence for the prince-elector and now the main building of the University of Bonn .
This axis is interrupted by a railway line and Bonn Hauptbahnhof , a building erected in 1883\/84 .
Beethoven 's birth place is located in Bonngasse near the market place .
Following World War II , Bonn was in the British zone of occupation , and in 1949 became the capital of West Germany .
Bonn 's international airport is Cologne Bonn Airport .
The Poppelsdorfer Allee is an alley flanked by chestnut trees which had the first horsecar of the town . It connects the KurfÃ 1\/4 rstliches Schloss with the Poppelsdorfer Schloss , a palace that was built as a resort to prince-electors in the first half of the 18th century , and whose grounds are now a botanical garden -LRB- the Botanischer Garten Bonn -RRB- .
The three highest buildings in the city are the radio mast of WDR in Bonn-Venusberg -LRB- 180 m -RRB- , the headquarters of the Deutsche Post called Post Tower -LRB- 162.5 m -RRB- and the former building for the German members of parliament Langer Eugen -LRB- 114.7 m -RRB- now the new location of the UN-Campus .
Next to the market place is the Old Town Hall , built in 1737 in Rococo style , under the rule of Clemens August of Bavaria .
They held that both the Bible and Christian tradition taught that alcohol is a gift from God that makes life more joyous , but that overindulgence leading to drunkenness is a sin .
Today , all three of these positions exist in Christianity , but the historic position remains the most common worldwide .
In the mid-19th century , some Protestant Christians moved from this historic position of allowing moderate use of alcohol -LRB- sometimes called moderationism -RRB- to either deciding that not imbibing was wisest in the present circumstances -LRB- abstentionism -RRB- or prohibiting all ordinary consumption of alcohol because it was believed to be a sin -LRB- prohibitionism -RRB- .
The biblical languages have several words for alcoholic beverages , and though prohibitionists and some abstentionists -LRB- see `` Current views '' below -RRB- dissent , there is a broad consensus that the words did ordinarily refer to intoxicating drinks .
Throughout the first 1,800 years of church history , Christians consumed alcoholic beverages as a common part of everyday life and nearly always used wine -LRB- that is , fermented grape juice -RRB- in their central riteâ '' the Eucharist or Lord 's Supper .
Since nearly all Christians base their views of alcohol in whole or in part on their understanding of what the Bible says about it , the Bible is an important source on the subject , along with Jewish and Christian traditions which start with the Bible and expand upon it .
Negatively , wine is personified as a mocker and beer a brawler , and drinking a cup of strong wine to the dregs and getting drunk are sometimes presented as a symbol of God 's judgment and wrath .
Positively , wine is used as a symbol of abundance and physical blessing , for example .
â `` klamis fine la princeto - .
â `` Ta quan me tushas retroiras a la tero deube lu venis .
â `` Olu esas bela planeto â `` dicis la serpento - .
â `` dicis la serpento .
Moreover , given the often political IAL environment in which those that speak a language are not merely language users but adherents to its system and linguistic philosophy as well , there are two categories of those that know the language , Ido speakers and Ido supporters . Ido resembles Esperanto to a large extent , and many Esperantists have learned Ido out of curiosity while still not using it , preferring to support the more well-known Esperanto movement instead .
La princeto regardis la serpento longatempe .
Ma vu esas pura e vu venas de stelo ...
La princeto ridetis .
â `` Me solvas omna enigmati â `` dicis la serpento .
â `` questionis la princeto .
Mea vid-cirklo restas presk ' primitiva - En olu es nia afero intima , interna Por ke kun homaro la Tero flugadez eterne .
Por quo vu venis adhike ?
â `` respondis la serpento .
Me nule savas la Dana e la Portugala , Mea vid-cirklo restas sat infantala - Nur joyi rapide pasant ' , bruligiva aflikto , Nur esperi , e timi noktal ' es en mea vid-cirklo .
â `` Me ne kredas ke vu esas tre potenta , mem vu ne havas pedi ... nek vu povas voyajar ... â `` Me povas transportar vu plu fore kam navo - dicis la serpento .
Aden mea vid-cirklo penetras e standas sat mastre Nur morto e nasko homala , nur grani ed astri .
â `` Adsur qua planeto me falis ?
â `` Me kompatas vu , qua esas tante sola sur ta harda granita Tero .
Onu esas kelke sola sur la dezerto ... â `` Inter la personi onu anke esas sola â `` dicis la serpento .
â `` dicis la surprizata princeto .
The pronouns of Ido were revised to make them more acoustically distinct than those of Esperanto , which all end in i. Especially the singular and plural first-person pronouns mi and ni may be difficult to distinguish in a noisy environment , so Ido has me and ni instead . Ido also distinguishes between intimate -LRB- tu -RRB- and formal -LRB- vu -RRB- second-person singular pronouns as well as plural second-person pronouns -LRB- vi -RRB- not marked for intimacy .
â `` dicis la princeto - .
â `` Esas chagreneto inter floro e me â `` dicis la princeto .
La princeto sideskis sur stono e levis lua okuli a la cielo .
E la du permanis silence .
Me povas helpar vu se vu sentas nostalgio a vua planeto .
Me savas nek la Sanskrito e nek la Latina , Mea vid-cirklo es ancien-mod ' quale tino Nur morto e nasko homala , nur grani ed astri Aden mea vid-cirklo penetras e standas sat mastre .
â `` Vu esas stranja animalo !
â `` dicis la princeto - .
â `` Me questionas a me â `` lu dicis - ka la steli intence brilas por ke uladie singlu povez trovar sua stelo .
Mea savo artala esas fakultativa .
â `` Adsur Tero , sur Afrika .
Mea vid-cirklon restriktas nur timi , esperi , En olu trovesas nur amo , nur maro e tero .
Ed olu spulis la maleolo di la princeto , same kam ora braceleto .
Me nule savas la Angla , la Franca , la Greka , Mea vid-cirklo do restas sat mikra e streta - En mea vid-cirklo trovesas nur flori , arbori , Nur tero e maro , aero , fairo , amoro .
... Kad esas nulu sur Tero ?
â `` To esas la dezerto , e nulu esas sur la dezerti .
Tero esas tre granda â `` dicis la serpento .
Vu esas tam tenua kam fingro ... â `` Yes , ma me esas plu potenta kam fingro di rejo â `` dicis la serpento .
Me bone komprenis , ma pro quo vu sempre parolas enigmatoze ?
La princeto nulon respondis .
â `` Ube esas la personi ?
Videz mea planeto , olu esas exakte super ni ... ma tre fore !
CHAPITRO XVII â `` Bona nokto !
Napaskiak is located at .
Romain Grosjean -LRB- born April 17 , 1986 in Geneva , Switzerland -RRB- is a racing driver , who holds dual nationality from France and Switzerland , but competes under a French racing licence .
He was the 2007 Formula Three Euroseries drivers ' champion and the inaugural GP2 Asia Series champion and drove in Formula One in 2009 .
This territory , under the Arab name Al-Andalus , became first an Emirate and then an independent Umayyad Caliphate , the Caliphate of CÃ rdoba , after the overthrowing of the dynasty in Damascus by the Abbasids .
The Mughal Empire declined in 1707 after the death of Aurangzeb and was officially abolished by the British after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
When the Caliphate dissolved in 1031 , the territory split into small Taifas , and gradually the Christian kingdoms started the Reconquest up to 1492 , when Granada , the last kingdom of Al-Andalus fell under the Catholic Monarchs .
Wars were between the Byzantine Empire and at first the Rashidun and then the Umayyad caliphates and resulted in the conquest of the Greater Syria , Egypt , North Africa and Armenia -LRB- Byzantine Armenia and Sassanid Armenia -RRB- .
The Muslim conquests brought about the collapse of the Sassanid Empire and a great territorial loss for the Byzantine Empire .
Most historians agree that the Sassanid Persian and Byzantine Roman empires were militarily and economically exhausted from decades of fighting one another .
In Sub-Saharan Africa , the Sahelian kingdom expanded Muslim territories far from the coast .
The modern era saw the rise of three powerful Muslim empires : the Ottoman Empire of the Middle East and Europe , the Safavid Empire of Persia and Central Asia , and the Mughal Empire of India ; along with their contest and fall to the rise of the colonial powers of Europe .
In 711 , an expedition led by Muhammad bin Qasim defeated Raja Dahir at what is now Hyderabad in Sindh and established Umayyad rule by 712 .
Pierre Auguste Cot -LRB- 17 February 1837 â `` 2 August 1883 -RRB- was a French painter of the Academic Classicism school .
It covers about 18 % of the Peloponnese peninsula , making it the largest peripheral unit on the peninsula .
Arcadia has its present-day capital at Tripoli .
Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Invented by Herman Hollerith , the machine was developed to help process data for the 1890 U.S. Census .
The Volkswagen Touareg -LRB- pronounced `` twah-regg '' -RRB- is a mid-size crossover SUV produced by German automaker Volkswagen since 2002 .
The Volkswagen Touareg is built in Bratislava , Slovakia . The manufacturing plant shares production with Touareg-cousins , the Porsche Cayenne , and the Audi Q7 .
McCall is a resort city on the western edge of Valley County , Idaho , United States .
He plays for Machida Zelvia .
Daisuke Hoshi -LRB- born 10 December 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Torn Curtain is a 1966 American political thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , starring Paul Newman and Julie Andrews .
Hurricane Madeline is notable for being the most intense Pacific hurricane at landfall .
Hurricane Liza was the deadliest storm of the season when it killed over 600 people in Mexico .
The 1976 Pacific hurricane season was a very deadly and costly one .
Hurricanes Kathleen , Liza , and Madeline were the most notable storms this year .
Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona due to flooding .
The first millennium is a period of time that commenced on January 1 , AD 1 , and ended on December 31 , AD 1000 , of the Julian calendar .
It was named in October 2002 after the mythological Erinome , said to be a `` daughter of Celes , compelled by Venus to fall in love with Jupiter . ''
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation .
Erinome is about 3.2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,986 Mm in 711.965 days , at an inclination of 164 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 162 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.2552 .
Erinome belongs to the Carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 Gm and at an inclination of about 165 Â .
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid component of blood in which the blood cells in whole blood are normally suspended .
It is mostly water -LRB- 93 % by volume -RRB- and contains dissolved proteins , glucose , clotting factors , mineral ions , hormones and carbon dioxide -LRB- plasma being the main medium for excretory product transportation -RRB- .
Blood plasma is prepared by spinning a tube of fresh blood containing an anti-coagulant in a centrifuge until the blood cells fall to the bottom of the tube . The blood plasma is then poured or drawn off .
It makes up about 55 % of the total blood volume .
Blood plasma is prepared by spinning a tube of fresh blood containing an anti-coagulant in a centrifuge until the blood cells fall to the bottom of the tube .
Blood serum is blood plasma without fibrinogen or the other clotting factors -LRB- i.e. , whole blood minus both the cells and the clotting factors -RRB- .
The blood plasma is then poured or drawn off .
Tavaux-et-Ponts Ã ricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sinhala is the official and national language of Sri Lanka .
It belongs to the Indo-Aryan branch of the Indo-European languages .
Sinhala is the mother tongue of the Sinhalese people , who make up the largest ethnic group in Sri Lanka , numbering about 15 million . Sinhala is also spoken by other ethnic groups in Sri Lanka , totalling about 3 million .
Sinhala has its own writing system -LRB- see Sinhala alphabet -RRB- which is a member of the Brahmic family of scripts , and a descendant of the ancient Indian Brahmi script .
The oldest Sinhala inscriptions found are from the 6th century BCE , on pottery ; the oldest existing literary works date from the 9th century CE .
The closest relative of Sinhala is the language of the Maldives and Minicoy Island -LRB- India -RRB- , Dhivehi .
Sinhala -LRB- à à ' à à à 1\/2 , ISO 15919 : siá hala , pronounced , sometimes referred by alternative spelling Singhalese -RRB- , also known as Helabasa . Sinhala is the mother tongue of the Sinhalese people , who make up the largest ethnic group in Sri Lanka , numbering about 15 million .
Schleswig-Holstein borders Denmark -LRB- Region Syddanmark -RRB- to the north , the North Sea to the west , the Baltic Sea to the east , and the German states of Lower Saxony , Hamburg , and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern to the south .
Beaver is a town in Carroll County , Arkansas , United States .
In 1861 , over 40 years after his death , the ride became the subject of `` Paul Revere 's Ride '' , a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
He and William Dawes were instructed by Dr. Joseph Warren to ride from Boston to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams of the movements of the British Army , which was beginning a march from Boston to Lexington , ostensibly to arrest Hancock and Adams and seize the weapons stores in Concord .
At 10 pm on the night of April 18 , 1775 , Revere received instructions from Dr. Joseph Warren to ride to Lexington to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams of the British approach .
Paul Revere -LRB- - May 10 , 1818 -RRB- was an American silversmith and a patriot in the American Revolution .
On the night of April 18 â `` 19 , 1775 , just hours before the battles of Lexington and Concord , Revere performed his `` Midnight Ride '' .
Drogue chutes are used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle -LRB- a fixed-wing aircraft , or a drag racer -RRB- , or to provide stability -LRB- tandem free-fall , or space shuttle after a touchdown -RRB- .
381v -RRB- dated to ca .
Only slightly later , a more sophisticated parachute was sketched by the polymath Leonardo da Vinci in his Codex Atlanticus -LRB- fol .
Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently .
Exact numbers are difficult to estimate , but approximately one in a thousand sports main parachute openings malfunction , and must be cut away , although some skydivers have many hundreds of jumps and never cut away .
According to the historian of technology Lynn White , these conical and pyramidal designs , much more elaborate than early artistic jumps with rigid parasols in Asia , mark the origin of `` the parachute as we know it '' .
The feasibility of Leonardo 's pyramidal design was successfully tested in 2000 by the British Adrian Nicholas and again in 2008 by another skydiver .
If a parachute is not packed properly it can result in death because the main parachute might fail to deploy correctly or fully .
Parachutes can malfunction in several ways .
Sport skydivers are always trained to pack their own primary `` main '' parachutes .
In the U.S. and many developed countries , emergency and reserve parachutes are packed by `` riggers '' who must be trained and certified according to legal standards .
Leonardo 's canopy was held open by a square wooden frame , which alters the shape of the parachute from conical to pyramidal .
In the U.S. , the average fatality rate is considered to be about 1 in 80,000 jumps .
This yields an even smaller probability of a double malfunction , although the possibility of a main malfunction that can not be cut away causing a reserve malfunction is a very real risk .
Most skydivers also equip themselves with small barometric computers -LRB- known as an AAD or automatic activation device like Cypres , FXC or Vigil -RRB- that will automatically activate the reserve parachute if the skydiver himself has not deployed a parachute to reduce his rate of descent by a preset altitude .
They are also designed more conservatively , and are built and tested to more exacting standards , making them more reliable than main parachutes .
Malfunctions can range from minor problems that can be corrected in-flight and still be landed , to catastrophic malfunctions that require the main parachute to be cut away using a modern 3-ring release system , and the reserve be deployed .
A parachute is carefully folded , or `` packed '' to ensure that it will open reliably .
However , the primary safety advantage of a reserve chute comes from the probability of an unlikely main malfunction being multiplied by the even less likely probability of a reserve malfunction .
Most injuries and fatalities in sport skydiving occur under a fully functional main parachute because the skydiver made an error in judgment while flying the canopyâ '' resulting in high-speed impact with the ground , impact with a hazard on the ground that might otherwise have been avoided , or collision with another skydiver under canopy .
Here , the scale of the parachute is in a more favorable proportion to the weight of the jumper .
It is not known whether the Italian inventor was influenced by the earlier design , but he may have learned about the idea through the intensive oral communication among artist-engineers of the time .
Beginning on 20 November 1923 , 1,000,000,000,000 old Marks were exchanged for 1 Rentenmark so that 4.2 Rentenmarks were worth 1 US dollar , exactly the same rate the Mark had in 1914 .
In December 1923 the exchange rate was 4,200,000,000,000 Marks to 1 US dollar .
In 1922 , the highest denomination was 50,000 Mark . By 1923 , the highest denomination was 100,000,000,000,000 Mark .
Labarde is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Today Greenlanders display both the Erfalasorput and the Dannebrog , often side-by-side .
The following year , a newspaper solicited eleven design proposals -LRB- all but one of which was a Nordic cross -RRB- and polled the people to determine the most popular .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap , which cover more than 80 % of the island ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the sun , with its bottom part sunk in the ocean ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
To honor the tenth anniversary of the Erfalasorput , the Greenland Post Office issued commemorative stamps and a leaflet by its creator .
The design is also reminiscent of the setting sun half-submerged below the horizon and reflected on the sea .
In 1978 , Denmark granted home rule to Greenland , making it an equal member of the RigsfÃ llesskab .
Finally the present red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven .
Its local name in the Greenlandic language is Erfalasorput , which means `` our flag '' , but Aappalaartoq -LRB- meaning `` the red '' -RRB- is also used for both the Greenlandic flag and the Dannebrog .
The Dannebrog was better liked than any .
Christiansen 's red-and-white flag was officially adopted June 21 , 1985 .
The home rule government held an official call for flag proposals , receiving 555 -LRB- of which 293 were submitted by Greenlanders -RRB- .
Greenland first entertained the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 when five Greenlanders proposed a green , white and blue flag .
It features two equal horizontal bands of white -LRB- top -RRB- and red with a large disk slightly to the hoist side of center .
The flag of Greenland was designed by Greenland native Thue Christiansen .
The top half of the disk is red , the bottom half is white .
Little came of this effort .
It is lit by 218 2000-watt floodlights , consuming a total of 436,000 watts .
Inside the stadium are six themed restaurants , two of which have views of the pitch , and a number of conference facilities .
But the stadium suffered from a problem common in modern stadia as the atmosphere was rated as second lowest in the league by City fans .
Originally designed as part of Manchester 's failed bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics , the stadium was built for the 2002 Commonwealth Games at a cost of Â # 110 million .
The stadium was designed by Arup and constructed by John Laing at a cost of approximately Â # 110 million , Â # 77 million of which was provided by Sport England , with the remainder funded by Manchester City Council .
Among the dignitaries present at the ceremony was Queen Elizabeth II .
From 2005 to 2009 a Thomas Heatherwick sculpture , B of the Bang , was present in front of the stadium .
Following the success of athletics events at the Commonwealth Games , the decision to convert the stadium into a football venue received criticism from athletics figures such as Jonathan Edwards and Sebastian Coe after their praise of the stadium , but redevelopment was deemed necessary to give the venue a financially viable long-term future .
Other artists who have played the stadium are U2 , Rod Stewart , Foo Fighters , Manic Street Preachers , The Futureheads , Sugababes , Bon Jovi , George Michael and Sophie Ellis-Bextor , among others .
The stadium has 68 executive boxes along the West , North and East Stands .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are a short distance from the stadium .
Eastlands was used before the stadium was officially named and is still in common use , and City of Manchester Stadium is sometimes abbreviated to COMS when written .
It is rated as an elite stadium by UEFA , and it hosted the 2008 UEFA Cup Final between Zenit St Petersburg and Rangers with Zenit being the victors .
Initially , all sides of the stadium were named by compass direction -LRB- North Stand and South Stand for the ends , East Stand and West Stand for the sides -RRB- .
However , in July 2006 funding for the extension was reinstated , but for a shorter length ; a Sportcity Metrolink station will open in 2012 .
The record football attendance at the stadium is 47,348 , which was set at a Premier League game against Chelsea on 5 December 2009 .
In June 2005 the stadium hosted England 's opening game in the UEFA Women 's Championship , setting an attendance record for the competition .
For the Commonwealth Games , the stadium featured a single lower tier running around three sides of the athletics track , and second tiers to the two sides , with an open-air temporary stand at one end .
Plans to build a stadium in east Manchester were formulated around 1990 as part of the city 's bid to host the 2000 Summer Olympics ; Manchester City Council commissioned a design for an 80,000 capacity stadium on a brownfield site known colloquially as Eastlands .
The stadium roof is toroidal in shape , and is suspended from steel cables attached to eight towers , which provide access to the upper tiers of seating via spiral ramps .
Preliminary work on land around the stadium started in September 2010 .
Opposition fans have generally given positive feedback , with CoMS coming second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom 's favorite football ground .
The nearest railway station is Ashburys , a 20-minute walk south of the stadium , though services are limited due to the small size of the station .
As a result , Manchester City played their UEFA Cup first round qualifying match at Barnsley 's Oakwell Stadium .
In February 2004 , following a vote by fans , the West Stand was renamed the Colin Bell Stand in honor of the former player .
The areas without seating in each corner have moveable louvres to allow for the ventilation of the pitch .
This extensive work took a year and added 12,000 seats .
Outside the football season the stadium hosts occasional concerts , and is one of the UK 's largest music venues , having a maximum capacity of 60,000 for performances .
Manchester City F.C. signed an agreement with Manchester City Council in March 2010 to allow a Â # 1 billion redevelopment led by architect Rafael ViÃ oly of land around the stadium and possible stadium expansion to over 60,000 .
Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the traditional manned turnstile .
The City of Manchester Stadium in Bradford , Manchester , England is the home ground of Manchester City F.C. .
The Blue Camp , a pun on Barcelona 's Nou Camp , found little favor .
During the ten days of competition , the stadium hosted all athletics events and the rugby sevens .
The first public football match at the stadium was a friendly between Manchester City and Barcelona on 10 August 2003 .
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 , though this designation was largely ignored by supporters .
After the Commonwealth Games , extensive work was carried out on the stadium to convert it for use as a football stadium .
The temporary stand was dismantled , and replaced with a permanent structure of similar design to the existing one at the southern end .
The first public event at the stadium was the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games on 25 July 2002 .
After the club was taken over by the Emirati Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008 some supporters jokingly referred to the stadium as Middle Eastlands .
It became the 50th stadium to host an England international football match when the English and Japanese national teams played on 1 June 2004 , and .
The 2002 Commonwealth Games were deemed a huge success by many with the stadium gaining rave reviews for its atmosphere and architectural design .
Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often take a toll on the pitch .
The stadium has a UEFA standard dimension pitch , 105 x , and features a natural grass pitch reinforced with artificial grass fibers made by Desso .
On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the UK 's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium ; plans for this have since been abandoned , after it failed to receive authorisation from the Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport .
An extension to the Metrolink tram system with a stop at the stadium was announced in 2000 , but following a government spending review the plan was put on hold in July 2004 .
Built to commemorate the success of the 2002 Commonwealth Games , it was the tallest sculpture in the UK .
Manchester subsequently made a successful bid to host the 2002 Commonwealth Games , using the stadium plans from the Olympic bid .
The stadium is also licensed for marriage ceremonies .
The stadium has a number of unofficial alternative names .
The interior of the stadium is a continuous oval bowl , with three tiers of seating at the sides , and two tiers at each end . While the seating is continuous , each side of the stadium has its own name in the manner of a traditional football ground .
The stadium is the centrepiece of an area known as Sportcity , which includes several other sporting venues .
The club is also in advanced talks with Manchester City Council to renegotiate the lease on the stadium .
The City of Manchester Stadium is located to the east of Manchester city center .
Manchester City F.C. moved to the new ground for the 2003 â `` 04 season .
The 2008 takeover made the football club the wealthiest in the world , prompting suggestions that the club could consider buying the stadium outright .
The first competitive match followed four days later , a UEFA Cup contest between Manchester City and Welsh Premier League side TNS , which City won 5 â `` 0 .
In September 2006 , Manchester City received planning permission to build an 85 m wind turbine at the stadium .
Adjacent to the stadium is the Manchester Regional Arena , which served as a warm-up track during the Commonwealth Games and is now a 6,178 capacity venue that hosts national athletics trials and formerly hosted Manchester City reserve team games .
Reception by Manchester City was polarised , with some fans lukewarm about moving from the famous Maine Road which had a reputation for being one of English football 's most atmospheric grounds whilst others were enthusiastic about the bigger stadium and move back to east Manchester where Manchester City formed .
The first concert at the venue was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers who were supported by James Brown in 2004 .
Manchester City won the game 2 â `` 1 , with the first goal at the stadium scored by Nicolas Anelka .
The City of Manchester Stadium has won a number of design awards , including the 2004 Royal Institute of British Architects Inclusive Design Award for inclusive building design , and the 2003 Institution of Structural Engineers Structural Special Award .
A 2007 Premier League fan survey found that fans thought sight lines at the stadium were second best in the Premier League after the Emirates Stadium .
A portion of the North Stand was designated the Family Stand for supporters with at least one child , but from season 2010-11 the whole of the North Stand was allocated to families , causing some upset to other season ticket holders who had to move .
In 1996 , the planned stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to gain funding to become the national stadium , but the money was used to redevelop Wembley .
Local band and vocal Manchester City supporters Oasis have played concerts at the stadium , one of which was featured on their DVD Lord Do n't Slow Me Down .
Several special bus services serve the stadium when events take place .
The stadium 's foundation stone was laid by Prime Minister , Tony Blair , in December 1999 , and construction began in January 2000 .
The stadium is also referred to as Eastlands and sometimes abbreviated as CoMS .
However , structural problems led to the sculpture being dismantled in 2009 .
Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September , with a Nicolas Anelka hat-trick meaning City beat Aston Villa 4 â `` 1 .
Supporters of visiting teams are allocated part of the South Stand .
However , in October 1993 the games were awarded to Sydney , Australia .
Four Commonwealth records were set at the stadium , including the women 's triple jump and the women 's 5000 m.
Manchester Piccadilly , which serves mainline trains from London , Birmingham and Edinburgh , is a 30-minute signposted walk away .
The stadium has also hosted several other sporting events .
This system can admit up to 1,200 people per minute around all entrances .
The conversion cost in excess of Â # 30 million , funded by the football club .
Having started the Premier League season with an away match , beating Charlton 3 â `` 0 , Manchester City 's first home league match in their new stadium was not until 23 August .
The stadium site itself has 2,000 parking spaces , with another 8,000 spaces in the surrounding area provided by local businesses and schools working in partnership with the football club .
The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as the Kippax after the corresponding stand at Maine Road .
They drew 1 â `` 1 with Portsmouth , with David Sommeil canceling out a goal by Portsmouth 's Yakubu Aiyegbeni .
The stadium is owned by Manchester City Council and leased by the football club .
Another Manchester act , Take That , also released a DVD of their performance at the stadium , Take That : The Ultimate Tour .
A service tunnel running under the stadium provides access for emergency vehicles , and allows the visiting team 's coach to enter the stadium directly .
In 2008 , end of season renovation , coupled with an early start to the football season , meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first home fixture .
Sections of the track were removed and relaid at other athletics venues , and the ground level was lowered to make way for an additional tier of seating .
Designed by Norman Foster , the turbine was intended to provide power for the stadium and nearby homes , but safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being dropped .
Cao Xueqin -LRB- , 1724 or 1715 â '' 1763 or 1764 -RRB- was a Qing Dynasty Chinese writer , best known as the author of Dream of the Red Chamber , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
The Cardinals have a long standing rivalry with the Chicago Cubs as well as a newer rivalry with the Houston Astros .
The Cardinals have won 10 World Series championships , tops in the National League and second in MLB only to the American League 's New York Yankees , who have 27 .
They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals since 1900 .
They are members of the Central Division in the National League of Major League Baseball .
The St. Louis Cardinals are a professional baseball team based in St. Louis , Missouri .
The Cardinals were founded in the American Association in 1882 as the St. Louis Brown Stockings , taking the name from an earlier National League team .
The Cardinals began playing in the current Busch Stadium in 2006 , and were the first team since the Yankees in 1923 to win the World Series in their first season in a new ballpark -LRB- the Yankees would repeat the feat in 2009 at the new Yankee Stadium -RRB- .
Fox Chase is a city in Bullitt County , Kentucky , United States .
Note that 1600 is the last year of the 16th century ; 1601 is the first year of the 17th century .
Francis Colburn Adams was an American miscellaneous writer , formerly living in Charleston , South Carolina , who wrote under various pseudonyms .
Alle is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The Uzbekistan national football team represents Uzbekistan in association football and is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation , the governing body for football in Uzbekistan .
The river named DajabÃ n , also known as Masacre , runs through Loma de Cabrera .
Following the resignation of Gordon Brown as Prime Minister and Labor Leader , Harman became Party Leader and replaced Conservative Party Leader David Cameron -LRB- who became Prime Minister -RRB- as Leader of the Opposition . She served in both roles until the Labor party elected Ed Miliband as Leader .
In the by-election held on 28 October 1982 , she was elected Member of Parliament for Southwark , Peckham with a majority of 3,931 votes .
Harriet Ruth Harman , QC -LRB- born 30 July 1950 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician , who is the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Camberwell and Peckham , and was MP for the predecessor Peckham constituency from 1982 to 1997 .
In PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon Lucario is seen as the greatest rescue leader of all time , and his adventures have become legendary . After reaching a certain amount of points , a Lucario statue will be displayed outside the rescue base .
Lucario thinks of Sir Aaron as both his master and close friend .
Lucario sacrificed himself in order to save the Tree of Beginning , though the credits showed him with Sir Aaron eating a chocolate bar .
In the PokÃ mon Adventures manga , like in games , it appears under the ownership of Riley who was on a boat heading to the Battle Frontier .
Although another editor stated that it would make sense for PokÃ mon to be represented by a fighting-type PokÃ mon , since Super Smash Bros Brawl is a fighting game .
Lucario also has a furry yellow torso , and its thighs are in the shape of what looks like blue shorts .
Lucario is a PokÃ mon that appears in the Nintendo DS versions of PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl ; The only way to obtain it is to get a Riolu egg from Riley on Iron Island , hatch the egg , and evolve Riolu . Lucario is used by Maylene , the third Sinnoh Gym Leader , a tag-team partner known as Riley , and by Cynthia , Sinnoh 's Elite Four Champion .
Then , in the next episode , it battled in Ash 's gym battle against Maylene .
Brawl `` a bit on the head scratching side '' , although another editor stated that it would make sense for PokÃ mon to be represented by a fighting-type PokÃ mon.
Brawl due to an unintentional leak .
Beckett PokÃ mon Unofficial Collector editor Sean Cooper stated that Lucario had grown popular in recent years due to his starring role in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew and his appearance in Super Smash Bros. .
After Aaron traps him in a magic staff at the film 's outset , Lucario begins questioning any PokÃ mon-human relationship .
Brawl `` a bit on the head scratching side '' in light of more familiar characters in the title such as Pikachu .
UGO described Lucario as `` a new breed of PokÃ mon , with a cooler , more dangerous look .
It was first seen battling with Maylene in their training .
It defeated Ash 's Staravia and Chimchar , but was knocked out along with Ash 's Buizel , resulting in a tie .
the main character , Hareta , gained a Riolu egg which hatched into a Riolu later on in that chapter and then evolved into Lucario .
IGN called its presence in Super Smash Bros. .
It has the ability to sense the aura in all living things , and the one featured in the film is capable of telepathic human speech , similar to Legendary PokÃ mon of past films .
Diamond meets Riley at Iron Island , and Byron asks Riley to help Diamond sharpen his PokÃ mon battle skills before Diamond goes to Lake Verity .
Lucario used Aura Sphere to stop the battle of Electabuzz , Piplup , and Pikachu , and is seen battling Paul 's PokÃ mon in a flashback .
It 's quick and possesses a damaging set of attacks '' , yet called it lame due to its status as a PokÃ mon. .
Lucario is a PokÃ mon species in Nintendo and Game Freak 's PokÃ mon franchise .
In an interview , PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl director Junichi Masuda noted Lucario 's name as one of the most difficult to create , due to an effort to make it appealing to both Japanese and American audiences .
Lucario 's forepaws are black and have one white spike on each arm on the upper-side of its wrists . In addition , there is a third spike on Lucario 's chest .
Lucario was confirmed to be a playable character in Super Smash Bros. .
Lucario is a bipedal , jackal-like PokÃ mon that is around four feet in height .
In PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl Adventure !
Lucario was seen again where it battled in Dawn 's gym battle with Maylene , where it defeated Dawn 's Ambipom and Piplup .
Finally , Lucario was seen when it helped Ash and the others defeat Saturn and Team Galactic .
GamesRadar described it as an `` all-around bad-ass '' and `` the Bruce Lee of PokÃ mon '' , suggesting its design as similar to the Egyptian God Anubis .
Aaron had trained this Lucario to manipulate aura .
In the movie , Lucario is a servant to a nobleman named Sir Aaron in a Renaissance-themed city called Cameron Palace .
Lucario can use moves such as Aura Sphere , Force Palm , ExtremeSpeed , Double Team , and his `` Final Smash '' , Aura Storm .
Lucario 's main role in the anime is his appearance in the eighth PokÃ mon movie , PokÃ mon : Lucario and the Mystery of Mew .
â A teen idol is a celebrity who is widely idolized by teenagers ; he or she is often young but not necessarily teenaged .
Often teen idols are actors or pop singers , but some sports figures have an appeal to teenagers .
Some teen idols are child actors .
These represent the final evolutionary stage of many main-sequence stars .
The only other candidate city to bid for the Games was Vancouver-Garibaldi , British Columbia , Canada ; they withdrew before the final vote .
The 1980 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games , were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated from February 13 through February 24 , 1980 in Lake Placid , New York , United States of America .
Seninghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
However , he lost his role as Head of the Judiciary , as Head of Government in 1961 , as President of Legislative Council in 1980 and finally as President of Tynwald in 1990 .
Thus the Lieutenant Governor will remain as currently titled .
The Lieutenant Governor is the representative on the Isle of Man of the Lord of Mann , currently Queen Elizabeth II .
Previously the Lieutenant Governor wielded all judicial , fiscal and executive power and circa 1900 had more power over his realms than any other Commonwealth leader .
In October 2005 Tynwald sought to change the title of the Lieutenant Governor to Crown Commissioner .
Today the role of Lieutenant Governor is essentially ceremonial , although certain powers under Isle of Man legislation do still fall to the Governor or Governor-in-Council -LRB- a decision on the advice , and with the approval of , the Council of Ministers -RRB- .
However , in April 2006 , after much public disapproval , Tynwald rejected their own proposal and withdrew their request for Royal Assent .
The official residence of the Governor is Government House , Governor 's Road , Onchan .
He\/she has the power to grant Royal Assent and is styled His Excellency .
This proposal was sent to the British Department of Constitutional Affairs for submission to the Lord of Mann Elizabeth II for approval .
No Manx-born person has ever been appointed Lieutenant Governor , although Manx born First Deemsters -LRB- ex officio Deputy Governors -RRB- have taken on the role during the transition of power between Governors , and during periods when the Lieutenant Governor is off-Island .
In recent times the Governor has either been a retired diplomat or senior military officer .
The Voyager 2 probe was launched on August 20 , 1977 , by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral , Florida , aboard a Titan IIIE\/Centaur launch vehicle . Two weeks later , the twin Voyager 1 probe would be launched on September 5 , 1977 .
Charles August Lindbergh Sr. -LRB- January 20 , 1859 â `` May 24 , 1924 -RRB- was a United States Congressman from Minnesota 's 6th congressional district from 1907 to 1917 .
Marcos AurÃ lio Galeano , -LRB- born 28 March 1972 in IvaiporÃ # , ParanÃ -RRB- , is a former Brazilian footballer at the positions of midfielder and defender .
The Santa Margarita River is a short intermittent river on the Pacific coast of southern California in the United States , approximately 30.9 m long . One of the last free-flowing rivers in southern California , it drains an arid region of the Coast Ranges between Los Angeles and San Diego at the southern end of the Santa Ana Mountains .
Berlise is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Dujiangyan is home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System , an ancient water diversion project which is still in use and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Cars on Beijing 's roads came to a halt .
Due to China 's one-child policy , many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake .
Many Beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics .
All of the highways into Wenchuan , and others throughout Sichuan province , were damaged , resulting in delayed arrival of the rescue troops .
During the weekend , the US sent into China two U.S. Air Force C-17 's carrying supplies , which included tents and generators .
The Ningbo Organizing Committee of the Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period .
In total , 391 dams , most of them small , were reported damaged by the quake .
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks on walls of some residential buildings in the downtown areas , but no building collapsed .
It was the deadliest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake , which killed at least 240,000 people , and the strongest since the 1950 Chayu earthquake in the country , which registered at 8.5 on Richter magnitude scale . It is the 21st deadliest earthquake of all time .
In the city of Shifang , the collapse of two chemical plants led to leakage of some 80 tons of liquid ammonia , with hundreds of people reported buried .
Office buildings in Shanghai 's financial district , including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower , were evacuated .
The project 's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise .
The extreme terrain conditions precluded the use of helicopter evacuation , and over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were stranded in their demolished village for five days without food and water before the rescue group finally arrived to help the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain .
Chengdu airport reopened later on the evening of May 12 , offering limited service as the airport began to be used as a staging area for relief operations .
On the afternoon of May 14 , 15 Special Operations Troops , along with relief supplies and communications gear , parachuted into inaccessible Maoxian County , northeast of Wenchuan .
Besides parents , Liu Shaokun -LRB- å ç '' å -RRB- , a Sichuan school teacher , was detained on June 25 , 2008 for `` disseminating rumors and destroying social order '' about the Sichuan Earthquake .
It values Chengdu , Sichuan Provinceâ s capital city of 4.5 million people , at around US$ 115 billion , with only a small portion covered by insurance .
3,000 to 5,000 people were killed in Beichuan county , Sichuan province alone ; in the same location , 10,000 people were injured and 80 % of the buildings were destroyed .
The Economist noted that China reacted to the disaster `` rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness '' , contrasting it with Burma 's secretive response to Cyclone Nargis , which devastated that country 10 days before the earthquake .
About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu , trying to release the pressure through spillway .
On May 16 , rescue groups from South Korea , Japan , Singapore , Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort .
The Chengdu airport was shut down , and the control tower and regional radar control evacuated .
Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area .
This estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads .
On May 29 , 2008 , government officials began inspecting the ruins of thousands of schools that collapsed , searching for clues about why they crumbled .
For example , the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the blind spots of disaster recovery .
Volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees .
Local officials urged them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation .
Other entertainment websites , including various gaming sites , were also blacked out , or had corresponding links to earthquake donations .
At least 7,000 school buildings in Sichuan Province collapsed .
Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised China 's rescue effort as `` swift and very efficient '' in Beijing on Tuesday .
According to the organization Human Rights in China , Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp .
It is also known as the Wenchuan earthquake , after the location of the earthquake 's epicenter , Wenchuan County in Sichuan province . The epicenter was 80 k west-northwest of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan , with a focal depth of 19 k. The earthquake was also felt in nearby countries and as far away as both Beijing and Shanghaiâ '' 1500 k and 1700 k awayâ '' where office buildings swayed with the tremor .
In Mianyang City , seven schools collapsed , burying at least 1,700 people .
Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers ' losses at US$ 1 billion from the earthquake ; estimated total damages exceed US$ 20 billion .
One rescue team reported only 2,300 survivors from Yingxiu , out of a total population of about 9,000 .
By 17:37 CST on May 13 , a total of over 15,600 troops and militia reservists from the Chengdu Military Region had joined the rescue force in the heavily affected areas .
People stood silent for three minutes while air defense , police and fire sirens , and the horns of vehicles , vessels and trains sounded .
None of the Olympic venues were damaged .
Many websites converted their front page to black and white ; Sina.com and Sohu , major internet portals , limited their homepages to news items and removed all advertisements .
Eight schools were toppled in Dujiangyan .
DesRoches said : `` If the buildings were older and built prior to that 1976 earthquake , chances are they were n't built for adequate earthquake forces . ''
At 14:28 CST on May 19 , 2008 , a week after the earthquake , the Chinese public held a moment of silence .
Tzu Chi was the first force from outside the People 's Republic of China to join the rescue effort .
Consequently , local officials in Sichuan province have lifted the restriction for families whose only child was either killed or severely injured in the disaster .
China Unicom 's service in Wenchuan and four nearby counties was cut off , with more than 700 towers suspended .
By May 20 , two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured , while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake .
Reginald DesRoches , a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech , pointed out that the massive damage of properties and houses in the earthquake area was because China did not create an adequate seismic design code until after the devastating Tangshan earthquake in 1976 .
At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School .
Furthermore , censors discouraged stories of poorly built schools from being published in the media and there was an incident where police drove the protestors away .
So-called `` illegal children '' under 18 years of age may be registered as legal replacements for their dead siblings ; if the dead child was illegal , no further outstanding fines would apply .
One SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in nearby Kunming as a result .
In Beichuan county , 80 % of the buildings collapsed according to Xinhua News .
Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang .
Persistent heavy rain and landslides in Wenchuan County and the nearby area badly affected rescue efforts .
Meanwhile , a cargo train carrying 13 petrol tanks derailed in Huixian County , Gansu Province , and caught on fire after the rail was distorted .
A 56-year-old Taiwanese tourist was killed in Dujiangyan during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway , where due to the earthquake 11 Taiwanese tourists had been trapped inside cable cars since May 13 .
Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province .
Meanwhile , workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes .
The Tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse .
Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China .
China Mobile had more than 2,300 base stations suspended due to power disruption or severe telecommunication traffic congestion .
The Chinese Government accepted the aid of the Tzu Chi Foundation from Taiwan late on May 13 .
But he added the scale of the disaster was such that `` we ca n't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs '' .
After knowing that rescue helicopters had trouble landing into the epicenter area in Wenchuan , a student proposed a landing spot online and it was chosen as the first touchdown place for the helicopters .
The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with Chinese authorities .
Liu had traveled to the Shifang -LRB- ä '' é -RRB- area , taken photos of collapsed school buildings , and put them online .
The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless , though the number could be as high as 11 million .
Chinese video sharing websites youku and Tudou displayed a black background and only videos related to the earthquake were available on the homepage .
The Internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery in China .
It is the first time that a national mourning period had been declared for something other than the death of a state leader , and many have called it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao Zedong .
He was ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor -LRB- å å æ å
Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School .
According to Chinese state officials , the quake caused 69,180 known deaths including 68,636 in Sichuan province ; 18,498 people are listed as missing , and 374,176 injured , but these figures may further increase as more reports come in .
Fuligny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Creed released two studio albums , My Own Prison in 1997 and Human Clay in 1999 , before Marshall left the band in 2000 to be replaced by touring bassist Brett Hestla .
Their third record , Weathered , was released in 2001 with Mark Tremonti handling bass before the band disbanded in 2004 .
Tremonti , Phillips , and Marshall went on to found Alter Bridge while Stapp followed a solo career .
Along with founding members Stapp and Tremonti , the band also consists of bassist Brian Marshall and drummer Scott Phillips .
After months of speculation , Creed reunited in 2009 for a tour and new album called Full Circle .
Dorothy Stuart Hamill -LRB- born July 26 , 1956 -RRB- is an American figure skater . She is the 1976 Olympic champion in Ladies ' Singles and 1976 World Champion .
In the negative connotation , compromise may be referred to as capitulation , referring to a `` surrender '' of objectives , principles , or material , in the process of negotiating an agreement .
In arguments , compromise is a concept of finding agreement through communication , through a mutual acceptance of termsâ '' often involving variations from an original goal or desire .
To compromise is to make a deal where one person gives up part of his or her demand .
In human relationships `` compromise '' is frequently said to be an agreement that no party is happy with , this is because the parties involved often feel that they either gave away too much or that they received too little .
Defining and finding the best possible compromise is an important problem in fields like game theory and the voting system .
Research has indicated that suboptimal compromises are often the result of negotiators failing to realize when they have interests that are completely compatible with those of the other party and settle for suboptimal agreements .
Extremism is often considered as antonym to compromise , which , depending on context , may be associated with concepts of balance , tolerance .
Mutually better outcomes can often be found by careful investigation of both parties ' interests , especially if done early in negotiations .
In geometry , a parallelogram is a quadrilateral with two pairs of parallel sides .
In Euclidean Geometry , the opposite or facing sides of a parallelogram are of equal length and the opposite angles of a parallelogram are of equal measure .
Eighteen is a composite number , its proper divisors being 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 and 9 .
Vale of Leven Football Club are an association club based in the town of Alexandria , Scotland , in the Vale of Leven area of West Dunbartonshire .
The PC and Xbox 360 versions of the game were co-published by 2K Games and Bethesda .
Work began on The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion shortly after the release of Morrowind in 2002 .
The PlayStation 3 version of the game -LRB- ported by 2K Studios -RRB- was released on March 20 , 2007 , in North America and on April 27 , 2007 , in Europe .
Farley is home to a 1\/2 mile dirt race track , the Farley Speedway .
The National Library of China or NLC in Beijing is the largest library in Asia , and one of the largest in the world with a collection of over 23 million volumes .
Articles and events specifically related to the decade beginning with the year 2000 and ending with the year 2009 .
The Mexican Grand Prix -LRB- Gran Premio de Mexico -RRB- was a Formula One auto race held at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City .
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
It first appeared as a non-championship event in 1962 before being held as a championship event from 1963 â `` 1970 and 1986-1992 .
Bromine dioxide is formed when an electrical current is passed through a mixture of bromine and oxygen gases at low temperature and pressure .
Released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public Licence , Draw is free software .
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite .
It also includes many features found in desktop publishing software .
In particular , Linux distributions Debian and Ubuntu have provided ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories .
OpenOffice.org users can also install the Open Clip Art Library , which adds a huge gallery of flags , logos , icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects .
It features `` connectors '' between shapes , which are available in a range of line styles and facilitate building drawings such as flowchart .
Year 1973 -LRB- MCMLXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
The Last of the Clan McDuck is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the first of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
It collects data and issues forecasts , advisories , and warnings for the entire country .
The Servicio MeteorolÃ gico Nacional -LRB- SMN -RRB- is Mexico 's national weather organization .
Le Mans Cathedral -LRB- CathÃ drale St-Julien du Mans -RRB- is a Catholic cathedral situated in Le Mans , France .
The Bachelor of Arts degree program generally lasts three years in nearly all of the European Union countries .
Furthermore , it is of three years duration in Australia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , India , Iraq , Israel , New Zealand , Iceland , Norway , Singapore , the Caribbean , South Africa , Switzerland , and the Canadian province of Quebec .
Indian River County is a county located in the Treasure Coast region in the U.S. state of Florida .
Its county seat is Vero Beach , Florida .
As of 2000 , the population was 112,947 .
Today , some of the flow of the river has been restored , and the lake now contains some water .
Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years , Owens held significant water until 1924 , until much of the Owens River was diverted into the Los Angeles Aqueduct , causing it to desiccate .
Owens Lake is a mostly dry lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada of Inyo County , California , located about 5 m south of Lone Pine , California .
He married in 1104 : 1 -RRB- Lucienne de Rochefort â '' the marriage was annulled on 23 May 1107 at the Council of Troyes by Pope Paschal II .
Louis VI -LRB- 1 December 1081 â `` 1 August 1137 -RRB- , called the Fat , was King of France from 1108 until his death -LRB- 1137 -RRB- .
Edwardstone is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , England .
The parish contains the hamlets of Mill Green , Priory Green , Round Maple and Sherbourne Street , and the Edwardstone Woods , a Site of Special Scientific Interest .
Andrew George ` Red ' Spooner -LRB- August 24 , 1910 â '' May 7 , 1984 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1929 â `` 30 NHL season .
The Fajr prayer is the first of the five daily prayers recited by practising Muslims .
Air-ground radiotelephone service is a method of telephone communications used by aircraft pilots and passengers of commercial airline jets flying over the United States .
The word `` periodontitis '' comes from peri -LRB- `` around '' -RRB- , odont -LRB- `` tooth '' -RRB- and - itis -LRB- `` inflammation '' -RRB- .
Periodontitis is a set of inflammatory diseases affecting the periodontium , i.e. , the tissues that surround and support the teeth .
Mauro Bellugi -LRB- born 7 February 1950 in Buonconvento -RRB- is a former Italian footballer .
Even though Ruby believes that Grandma wo n't like Max 's ideas she is always revealed to like both Max and Ruby 's ideas equally although normally she sides with Max when Max outsmarts Ruby and when Ruby assumes Grandma will love her ideas better than Max 's .
Created by children 's book author\/illustrator Rosemary Wells and based on the world of her Max and Ruby books , the episodes present stories about Max , a rambunctious and determined three-year-old bunny , and his big sister , Ruby , a patient , goal-oriented , sometimes restrictive seven-year-old bunny .
Max and Ruby is a Canadian animated series that debuted in 2002 -LRB- following a pilot episode in 2001 -RRB- that is aimed at a preschool audience .
He was born in Brandon , Manitoba .
Chuck Scherza -LRB- born February 15 , 1923 -RRB- is a former professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League , winning a Calder Cup championship in 1949 .
The Archimedes screw described in Roman times by Vitruvius may have been an improvement on a screw pump that was used to irrigate the Hanging Gardens of Babylon . The world 's first seagoing steamship with a screw propeller was the SS Archimedes , which was launched in 1839 and named in honor of Archimedes and his work on the screw .
Cantabria belongs to the Green Spain , the name given to the strip of land between the Cantabrian Sea and the Cantabrian Mountains in northern Spain .
This would later become El Paso , Texas .
Ciudad JuÃ rez , abbreviated Cd .
JuÃ rez experienced much higher population growth than the state of Chihuahua and than Mexico as a whole .
Hertford -LRB- or -RRB- is the county town of Hertfordshire , England , and is also a civil parish in the East Hertfordshire district of the county .
It will be the last year of the 2020s decade
2029 -LRB- MMXXIX -RRB- will be a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
In Your House was a pay-per-view series created by the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- .
The original concept was that , in months when the WWF was not holding one of its major PPV events -LRB- WrestleMania , King of the Ring , SummerSlam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble , which at the time ran for three hours and retailed for $ 29.95 -RRB- , they would offer a two-hour PPV , priced at $ 19.95 .
The events were numbered , as In Your House # 1 , # 2 , and so on , until event specific subtitles were added , starting with # 7 `` Good Friends , Better Enemies '' -LRB- referring to the main event of Shawn Michaels vs. Diesel -RRB- , such as `` It 's Time '' -LRB- Vader 's catch phrase -RRB- , `` Buried Alive '' -LRB- describing the main event match -RRB- , `` A Cold Day in Hell '' -LRB- contrasting gimmicks of main eventers Steve Austin and The Undertaker -RRB- , `` Rock Bottom '' -LRB- The Rock 's finishing move and the decline of his opponent Mankind -RRB- , `` St. Valentine 's Day Massacre '' -LRB- a violent event taking place in February and the PPV happened on Valentine 's Day -RRB- , and many others .
His forms are usually abstractions of the human figure , typically depicting mother-and-child or reclining figures .
Henry Spencer Moore OM CH FBA -LRB- 30 July 1898 â `` 31 August 1986 -RRB- was an English sculptor and artist .
He became well-known through his larger-scale abstract cast bronze and carved marble sculptures , and was instrumental in introducing a particular form of modernism to the United Kingdom .
Moore was born in Castleford , the son of a mining engineer .
His forms are generally pierced or contain hollow spaces .
Many interpreters liken the undulating form of his reclining figures to the landscape and hills of his birthplace , Yorkshire .
Moore 's works are usually suggestive of the female body , apart from a phase in the 1950s when he sculpted family groups .
Yet he lived frugally and most of the money he earned went towards endowing the Henry Moore Foundation , which continues to support education and promotion of the arts .
His ability in later life to fulfill large-scale commissions made him exceptionally wealthy .
He was best known for his abstract monumental bronze sculptures which are located around the world as public works of art .
Monthenault is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Malafretaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
This is a log of changes made by bureaucrats and administrators to user rights .
Andrej PanadiÄ -LRB- born 9 March 1969 in Zagreb -RRB- is a Croatian football coach and a former defender .
See also : List of Newport County A.F.C. records and statistics and List of Newport County A.F.C. seasons
Takuya Honda -LRB- æ ç '' æ `` ä Honda Takuya , born 17 April 1985 in Sagamihara , Kanagawa , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for J1 team Kashima Antlers .
1983 -LRB- MCMLXXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link displays the 1983 Gregorian calendar -RRB- .
The urban population was 41.72 % of the total population .
SÃ nchez became the most important port of the country during the rest of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century .
The railway worked until 1966 .
The municipality has a total population of 26,505 : 13,436 men and 13,069 women .
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
And the Yuna River has been filling the Samana Bay with solid material and only small boats can get to the port .
It was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from town to La Vega -LRB- in La Vega province -RRB- began to run across the rich region of the Cibao .
The port has lost its importance because when other ports in the country grew in importance , SÃ nchez lost its importance as a port .
The old town of Las CaÃ itas was elevated to the category of municipality in 1866 with the name of Francisco del Rosario SÃ nchez , one of the three Founding Fathers of the Dominican Republic .
Fishing was the main activity but now is not so important .
SÃ nchez , Dominican Republic is a Dominican municipality in the SamanÃ province , on the south coast of the peninsula of SamanÃ .
For example , in Euripides ' play `` Alcestis '' , the eponymous heroine agrees to give up her own life in order to spare the life of her husband , Admetus .
A more frequently cited example is Euripides ' `` Medea '' in which the `` deus ex machina '' is used to convey Medea , who has just committed murder and infanticide , away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens .
At the end Heracles shows up and seizes Alcestis from Death , restoring her to life and to Admetus .
Kenta Suzuki -LRB- born 16 September 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Sagamihara .
The Province of Catanzaro is a province of the Calabria region , in Italy .
The ISO 3166 standard is maintained by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency -LRB- ISO 3166\/MA -RRB- , located at the ISO central office in Geneva , Switzerland .
Mountain Brook is a city in southeastern Jefferson County , Alabama , and a suburb of Birmingham .
According to 2005 Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city is 20,821 . Mountain Brook is a particularly affluent city within the Birmingham metropolitan area and has appeared in several lists of America 's wealthiest communities .
The kitchen spatula , also called an egg slice , a `` turner , '' or a flipper is a utensil with a long handle and a broad flat edge , used for lifting and turning fried foods .
Kitchen spatulas are usually made of plastic or metal , with a wooden or plastic handle to insulate them from heat .
This is particularly visible in snakes , which are able to open their mouths very wide to accommodate comparatively large prey .
The squamates and tuatara together are a sister group to crocodiles and birds , the extant archosaurs .
From morphological data , Iguanid lizards have been thought to have diverged from other squamates very early , but recent molecular phylogenies , both from mitochondrial and nuclear DNA , do not support this early divergence .
Squamates are a monophyletic group that is a sister group to the tuatara .
It has been shown that snake venom evolved via a process by which a gene encoding for a normal body protein , typically one involved in key regulatory processes or bioactivity , is duplicated , and the copy is selectively expressed in the venom gland .
Natural Selection has driven the origination and diversification of the toxins to counter the defenses of their prey .
Venom has been known in the families Caenophidia , Anguimorpha , and Iguania and has been shown that it evolved a single time along these lineages before the three families diverged because all lineages share nine common toxins .
Once toxins have been recruited into the venom proteome , they form large multigene families and evolve via the birth-and-death model of protein evolution , which leads to a diversification of toxins that allows the sit-and-wait predators the ability to attack a wide range of prey .
Members of the order are distinguished by their skins , which bear horny scales or shields .
Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom may exist deep in the squamate phylogeny , with 60 % of squamates placed in this hypothetical group called Toxicofera .
The fossil record does show that the divergence between anguimorphs , iguanians , and advanced snakes dates back roughly 200 MYA to the Late Triassic\/Early Jurassic .
They are the most variably-sized order of reptiles , ranging from the 16 mm -LRB- 0.63 in . -RRB-
Jaragua Sphaero -LRB- Sphaerodactylus ariasae -RRB- to the 8 m -LRB- 26 ft. -RRB- Green Anaconda -LRB- Eunectes murinus -RRB- .
Squamate fossils first appear in the early Jurassic , but a mitochondrial phylogeny suggests that they evolved in the late Permian .
The evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out , with the relationship of snakes to other groups being most problematic .
Of these , the lizards form a paraphyletic group -LRB- since `` lizards '' excludes the sub-clade of snakes -RRB- .
They also possess movable quadrate bones , making it possible to move the upper jaw relative to the braincase .
Because snakes have a faster molecular clock than other squamates , and there are few early snake and snake ancestor fossils , it is difficult to resolve the relationship between snakes and other squamate groups .
In newer classifications the name Sauria is used for reptiles and birds in general , and the Squamata are divided differently :
You have $ 1 on your watchlist -LRB- excluding talk pages -RRB- .
Sheffield Wednesday are the only English League club with a day of the week in their name .
He was educated at the Royal Naval School in Greenwich .
The Egba chiefs further promised to abolish human sacrifices .
Carter was the only son of Commander Thomas Gilbert Carter -LRB- R.N. -RRB- .
In the early 1920s , he moved back to Barbados , and lived at Ilaro Court , which had been designed and built by Lady Gilbert Carter .
They married on 25 August 1903 in the Church of the Advent in Boston .
In 1892 , Carter ordered an attack on the Ijebu `` in the interest of civilization '' .
On 1 January 1890 , Carter was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George -LRB- CMG -RRB- .
Afterwards , he continued to justify this attack as a war to end slavery and promote civilization .
Sir Gilbert Thomas Carter KCMG -LRB- 14 January 1848 â `` 18 January 1927 -RRB- was an administrative officer in the Royal Navy and later a colonial official who served as a Collector of Customs for the Gold Coast and a Treasurer of the Gold Coast and The Gambia .
However , in January 1893 the Egba chiefs signed a Treaty of Independence with the British Government .
Carter joined the Royal Navy in 1864 , serving as an Assistant Clerk on the , being transferred in 1866 to .
In 1919 , he changed his surname to Gilbert-Carter .
In response , Carter sent three British gunboats to avenge the outrage upon the envoy .
In the spring of 1903 , Carter met Gertrude Codman Parker -LRB- born 6 February 1875 -RRB- when she was traveling in the Bahamas with her parents .
Early in 1893 , Carter traveled to various parts of Yorubaland , accompanied by soldiers , in an attempt to demonstrate the might of the British .
In August 1879 , he was appointed Collector of Customs and Treasurer of the Gold Coast .
In 1891 , the native King of Gambia had been organising abusive acts towards the British colonists .
In 1898 , Carter was transferred to Bahamas as Governor and Commander-in-Chief , and after a temporary transfer to Trinidad , in July 1904 he was transferred to the Barbados as Governor and Commander-in-Chief .
On 3 February 1891 , Carter was appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of Lagos .
Carter -LRB- from his official residence in Bathurst -RRB- sent an envoy with a message that if the abuses continued , `` he might expect a visit of a disciplinary nature from the marine forces of the Queen of England . ''
From 1882 until December 1888 , Carter administered the Settlement on the Gambia as a Treasurer and Postmaster .
From 1886 , he was acting Administrator of the Colony of the Gambia , and on 1 December 1888 he was appointed Administrator on its separation from Sierra Leone .
Carter retired in 1910 .
The King sent the envoy back mutilated , with a message : `` This is the King 's answer . ''
He was promoted Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George -LRB- KCMG -RRB- on 3 June 1893 , `` in recognition of his services in conducting a mission to the Yoruba country which resulted in the negotiation of important treaties and brough to an end a long-standing war . ''
In 1875 , Carter became the private secretary to Sir George Berkeley , Governor of the Leeward Islands .
Carter sent Ife works of art to Europe , including three known as the Ife marbles which were given to Carter in 1896 by the recently-crowned King of Ife , Adelekan , in the hopes that a decision in his favor would be made about the resettlement of Modakeke residents outside the city .
On August 7 , 2008 , it was announced that Columbia Pictures bought the screen rights to the franchise .
The series chronicles the lives of six fugitive kids â `` Max , Fang , Iggy , Gasman , Nudge , and Angel â `` known collectively as the Flock . Bred in a laboratory called the School , they endured scientific experiments that rendered them 98 % human and 2 % avian .
In September 2007 , it was announced that a film would be created based on the Maximum Ride series .
Avi Arad , -LRB- Spider-Man , X-Men -RRB- will also produce alongside Steven Paul .
In an interview with James Patterson , it was revealed that Arad has already planned out the first two movies .
Brian Wesley Campbell -LRB- born May 23 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
The field can be divided into infrastructure , vehicles , and operations .
Caledonian Road is a station on the Piccadilly Line of the London Underground , between King 's Cross St. Pancras and Holloway Road , and in Travelcard Zone 2 .
It was opened on 15 December 1906 by the Great Northern , Piccadilly and Brompton Railway .
When he failed to show up for the pay-per-view , viewers were informed that he was unable to compete due to a `` family emergency '' and he was replaced in the title match by Johnny Nitro .
Bailes and his colleagues concluded that repeated concussions can lead to dementia , which can contribute to severe behavioral problems .
He also confirmed that his son was quietly cremated , but what was done with the ashes is not public knowledge .
After this match Benoit returned to the locker room and broke down over the notion he might have paralyzed someone , demanding that he go to see Sabu to make sure he was alright ; Paul Heyman , the head booker of ECW at the time , came up with the idea of continuing the `` Crippler '' moniker for Benoit . From that point until his departure from ECW , he was known as the `` Crippler '' Chris Benoit .
Benoit was found to have Xanax , hydrocodone , and an elevated level of testosterone , caused by a synthetic form of the hormone , in his system .
Tests were conducted on Benoit 's brain by Julian Bailes , the head of neurosurgery at West Virginia University , and results showed that `` Benoit 's brain was so severely damaged it resembled the brain of an 85-year-old Alzheimer 's patient . ''
He worked for several major promotions , including Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre -LRB- CMLL -RRB- , Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- , New Japan Pro Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- , World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , and World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , and held a total of thirty-two championships during his professional wrestling career .
However , once the details of the murder-suicide became apparent , WWE quickly and quietly began distancing itself from the wrestler by removing merchandise and no longer mentioning him .
The officers discovered the bodies of Benoit , his wife Nancy , and their 7-year-old son Daniel at around 2:30 p.m. EDT .
Booker won the final match and went on to beat Finlay for the title .
to ECW as part of the 2007 WWE Draft , after losing a match to Bobby Lashley .
After the double-murder suicide , former wrestler Christopher Nowinski contacted Michael Benoit , father of Chris Benoit , suggesting that years of trauma to his son 's brain may have led to his actions .
The chief medical examiner attributed the testosterone level to Benoit possibly being treated for a deficiency caused by previous steroid abuse or testicular insufficiency .
Nitro won the match and became ECW World Champion .
In 1998 , Benoit had a long feud with Booker T. They fought over the WCW World Television Championship until Booker lost the title to Fit Finlay .
WWE canceled the scheduled three hour long live Raw show on June 25 , and replaced the broadcast version with a tribute to his life and career , featuring his past matches , segments from the Hard Knocks : The Chris Benoit Story DVD , and comments from wrestlers and announcers .
He was reported to have had an advanced form of dementia , similar to the brains of four retired NFL players who had suffered multiple concussions , sank into depression , and harmed themselves or others .
After the match , an emotional Benoit celebrated his win with the then-reigning WWE Champion Eddie Guerrero .
Benoit 's father suggests that brain damage may have been the leading cause of the crime .
In 1994 , Benoit began working with Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- in between tours of Japan .
On June 25 , 2007 , police entered Benoit 's home on a `` welfare check '' after several missed appointments , leading to concerns .
Benoit won his ECW debut match teaming up with CM Punk and defeating Elijah Burke and Marcus Cor Von by disqualification .
Toxicology reports released on July 17 , 2007 revealed that at their time of death , Nancy had three different drugs in her system : Xanax , hydrocodone , and hydromorphone , all of which were found at the therapeutic rather than toxic levels .
There was no indication that anything in Benoit 's body contributed to his violent behavior that led to the murder-suicide , concluding that there was no `` roid-rage '' involved .
On June 19 , Benoit wrestled his last match , defeating Burke in a match to determine who would compete for the vacated ECW World Championship at Vengeance .
Benoit missed the weekend house shows , telling WWE officials that his wife and son were vomiting blood due to food poisoning .
Daniel was found to have Xanax in his system , which led the chief medical examiner to believe that he was sedated before he was murdered .
Benoit spent the next couple years in Japan , winning the Best of the Super Juniors tournament twice -LRB- 1993 and 1995 -RRB- .
On the June 11 edition of Raw , Benoit was drafted from SmackDown !
Christopher Michael `` Chris '' Benoit -LRB- May 21 , 1967 â `` June 24 , 2007 -RRB- was a Canadian professional wrestler whose career and life ended in a murder-suicide .
In August 1990 , he won his first major championship , the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship , from Jushin Liger .
Two organizations have received the Peace Prize multiple times . The International Committee of the Red Cross received it three times : in 1917 and 1944 for its work during the world wars ; and in 1963 during the year of its centenary .
In 1968 , Sveriges Riksbank instituted an award that is often associated with the Nobel prizes , the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel . The first such prize was awarded in 1969 .
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has won the Peace Prize twice for assisting refugees : in 1954 and 1981 .
Although not technically a Nobel Prize , it is identified with the awards ; its winners are announced with the Nobel Prize recipients , and the Prize in Economic Sciences is presented at the Swedish Nobel Prize Award Ceremony .
The Nobel Peace Prize is not awarded by a Swedish organization but by the Norwegian Nobel Committee .
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Nobel Prize in Physics , the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , and the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences .
Satyagraha is a portmanteau of the Sanskrit words satya -LRB- meaning `` truth '' -RRB- and Agraha -LRB- `` insistence '' , or `` holding firmly to '' -RRB- .
Gandhi deployed satyagraha in the Indian independence movement and also during his earlier struggles in South Africa .
Satyagraha theory influenced Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other social justice and similar movements .
Someone who practices satyagraha is a satyagrahi .
For Gandhi , satyagraha went far beyond mere `` passive resistance '' and became strength in practising non-violent methods .
Satyagraha theory also influenced Martin Luther King , Jr. during the campaigns he led during the civil rights movement in the United States :
Satyagraha -LRB- satyÄ graha -RRB- , loosely translated as `` Soul Force , '' `` truth force , '' or `` holding on to truth , '' is a philosophy and practice of nonviolent resistance developed and conceived by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi -LRB- also known as `` Mahatma '' Gandhi -RRB- .
The city is served by nearby Aleknagik Airport .
Aleknagik is named after Aleknagik Lake .
Saint-Trinit is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Toshiya Miura -LRB- born 16 July 1963 -RRB- is a Japanese football manager .
AÄ ca has described himself as a mercenary with no political orientation , although he is known to have been a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist Grey Wolves organization .
He was released on January 18 , 2010 .
Mehmet Ali AÄ ca -LRB- ; born January 9 , 1958 -RRB- is a Turkish assassin who murdered left-wing journalist Abdi Ä pekÃ i on February 1 , 1979 and later shot and wounded Pope John Paul II on May 13 , 1981 , after escaping from a Turkish prison .
The program is funded entirely through contributions from listeners , viewers , and foundations and does not accept advertisers , corporate underwriting , or government funding .
Zinc fluoride can be synthesized several ways .
Ransome 's father was professor of history at Yorkshire College , Leeds .
These tell of school-holiday adventures of children , mostly in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads .
Ransome received his formal education first in Windermere and then at Rugby School -LRB- where he lived in Lewis Carroll 's study room -RRB- but did not entirely enjoy the experience , due to his poor eyesight , lack of athletic skill , and limited academic achievement .
The books remain so popular that they provide a basis of a tourist industry around Windermere and Coniston Water -- the two lakes that Ransome used as the basis for his fictional North Country lake .
His father 's death in 1897 had a lasting effect on Ransome .
He took low-paying jobs as an office assistant in a publishing company and as editor of a failing magazine , Temple Bar Magazine , while writing and becoming a member of the literary scene of London .
Many of the books involve sailing ; other common subjects include fishing and camping .
Arthur Michell Ransome -LRB- 18 January 1884 -- 3 June 1967 -RRB- was an English author and journalist , best known for writing the Swallows and Amazons series of children 's books .
He attended Yorkshire College , his father 's college , studying chemistry .
After a year , he abandoned the college and went to London to become a writer .
Prior to the success of HammerFall , he also played and released albums with the death metal acts Ceremonial Oath and Crystal Age .
Oscar Fredrick Dronjak -LRB- born January 20 , 1972 -RRB- is the lead and rhythm guitarist and founder of the Heavy Metal band HammerFall .
However , in October 2009 , the album was pushed back a week to make the release date November 24 , 2009 .
Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent , released November 9 , 2009 on Interscope Records in the United States .
Initially , Before I Self Destruct was planned to be 50 Cent 's 2007 album , for which he confirmed he had already completed twelve songs .
Charles Joseph John `` Joe '' Hart -LRB- born 19 April 1987 -RRB- is an English football goalkeeper who plays for Premier League club Manchester City and the England national football team and was previously a regular for the England under-21 team .
Hucqueliers is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Caryophyllaceae , commonly called the pink family or carnation family , is a family of flowering plants .
The species are dicotyledons included in the order Caryophyllales .
It is a large family , with 88 genera and some 2,000 species .
The Turkic languages constitute a language family of at least thirty five languages , spoken by Turkic peoples across a vast area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China , and are considered to be part of the proposed Altaic language family .
Turkic languages are spoken as a native language by some 165 to 180 million people ; and the total number of Turkic speakers is over 250 million , including speakers of a second language .
The Turkic language with the greatest number of speakers is Turkish proper , or Anatolian -LRB- and Balkan -RRB- Turkish , the speakers of which account for about 40 % of all Turkic speakers .
It is found in Cameroon and Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Christy 's Dormouse -LRB- Graphiurus christyi -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
Hadrosaurus foulkii is the only species in this genus and has been the official state dinosaur of New Jersey , United States since 1991 .
Ironically , Hitler attended performances that included Jewish and foreign singers , long after they had been banned from all other venues across Germany .
Following Wagner 's death , his widow Cosima continued running the festival at one or , more frequently , two year intervals .
Winifred 's influence with Hitler was so strong that Hitler even wrote a letter -LRB- at her behest -RRB- to the anti-fascist Italian conductor Arturo Toscanini , begging him to lead the festival .
Present at this unique musical event were Kaiser Wilhelm , Dom Pedro II of Brazil , King Ludwig -LRB- who attended in secret , probably to avoid the Kaiser -RRB- , and other members of the nobility , as well as the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche who committed much effort to helping his then good friend Wagner establish the festival , and such accomplished composers as Anton Bruckner , Edvard Grieg , Pyotr Tchaikovsky , and Franz Liszt .
Following the war , Winifred Wagner was sentenced to probation by a war court for her support of the Nazi party .
In the 1920s , well before the rise of the Nazi party , Winifred Wagner became a strong supporter and close personal friend of Adolf Hitler .
After Cosima 's retirement in 1906 , Siegfried Wagner took over management of the festival , introducing new staging and performance styles .
The Bayreuth Festival is a music festival held annually in Bayreuth , Germany , at which performances of operas by the 19th century German composer Richard Wagner are presented .
Two-thirds of the town of Bayreuth was destroyed by Allied bombing in the final days of World War II , though the theater itself was undamaged .
During the war , the festival was turned over to the Nazi party , which continued to sponsor operas for wounded soldiers returning from the front .
Toscanini refused .
These soldiers were forced to attend lectures on Wagner before the performances , and most found the festival to be tedious .
She gradually introduced the remaining operas which complete the Bayreuth canon of Wagner 's last ten completed operas .
Because of this support , Bayreuth was able to maintain some artistic independence under the Third Reich , despite the use of Wagner 's works as Nazi propaganda tools .
The inauguration took place on August 13 , 1876 , with a performance of Das Rheingold .
The Supreme court or highest court in the territory is Court of Final Appeal -LRB- Macau -RRB- .
Since the late 1990s , household income has fallen slightly .
This means that the share the most economically prosperous type of household has been dwindling in the United States .
Unlike the median household income , which divides all households in two halves , the mean income is the average income earned by American households .
While median household income has a tendency to increase up to four persons per household , it declines thereon after .
Overall , households headed by Hispanics and African Americans or Blacks were underrepresented in the top two quintiles and overrepresented in the bottom two quintiles .
The median income per member of household for this particular group was $ 27,924 .
According to the US Census Bureau , the median is `` considerably lower than the average , and provides a more accurate representation . ''
In 2004 the median household income in the United States was $ 44,389 .
The highest income households are almost ten times as likely to own their homes rather than rent , but in the lowest quintile , the ratio of owners to renters is nearly one to one .
The median income divides households in the US evenly in the middle with half of all household earning more than the median income and half of all households earning less than the median household income .
The median household income rose by 30 % while the income for the 20th percentile -LRB- the lower threshold for the second lowest quintile -RRB- rose by only 28 % from $ 14,002 to $ 17,984 .
In the case of mean income , the income of all households is divided by the number of all households .
Those with doctorates had the second highest median household with a median of $ 96,830 ; $ 18,289 more than that for those at the Master 's degree level , but $ 3,170 lower than the median for households with a professional degree holding householder .
Cross-referencing shows that this is likely due to the presence of multiple income earners in these families .
Married couples are disproportionately represented in the upper two quintiles , compared to the general population of households .
These figures support the general assumption that median household income as well as the median income per member of household peaked among those households headed by middle aged persons , increasing with the age of the householder and the size of the household until the householder reaches the age of 64 .
Household type is strongly correlated with household income .
Household income as well as per capita income in the United States rise significantly as the educational attainment increases .
Considering other racial and geographical differences in regards to household income , it should come as no surprise that the median household income varies with race , size of household and geography .
Overall , the median household income rose from $ 33,338 in 1967 to an all-time high of $ 44,922 in 1999 , and has since decreased slightly to $ 43,318 .
In 1972 , disposable personal income was determined to be $ 4,129 ; $ 19,385 in 2005 dollars .
Between 1999 and 2004 household income stagnated showing a slight increase since 2004 .
Households headed by single males are disproportionately found in the middle three quintiles ; single females head households concentrated in the bottom three quintiles .
The southern states had , by far , the lowest median household income , with nine of the country 's fifteen poorest states located in the South .
The residents of the household do not have to be related to the head of the household for their earnings to be considered part of the household 's income .
While educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women , it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes , enabling many households with one or more graduate degree householders to enter the top household income quintile .
In 1990 , the median household income was $ 30,056 or $ 44,603 in 2003 dollars .
In 1969 , more than 40 % of all households consisted of a married couple with children .
Households in the mid quintile , with a mean of approximately one income earner per household had incomes between $ 36,000 and $ 57,657 .
While California 's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home , West Virginia , which had one of the nation 's lowest median household incomes , also had the nation 's lowest median home price .
According to the US Census Bureau 2004 Community Survey , two-person households had a median income of $ 39,755 , with $ 48,957 for three-person households , $ 54,338 for four-person households , $ 50,905 for five-person households , $ 45,435 for six-person households , with seven-or-more-person households having the second lowest median income of only $ 42,471 .
Income in the period between 1967 and 1999 grew considerably faster among wealthier households than it did among poorer households .
Year-round full-time workers with a professional degree had an average income of $ 109,600 while those with a Master 's degree had an average income of $ 62,300 .
California , with the highest median home price in the nation and home prices that far outpaced incomes , only ranked ninth with a median household income of $ 61,021 .
It has assigned the quintiles from lowest to highest as bottom fifth , lower middle , middle , upper middle , and top fifth .
Median household income in the United States remains slightly higher than in the UK and Ireland , yet lower than the mean household income in Switzerland .
Higher educational attainment did not , however , help close the income gap between the genders as the life-time earnings for a male with a professional degree were roughly forty percent -LRB- 39.59 % -RRB- higher than those of a female with a professional degree .
Please note that all figures are presented in 2003 dollars .
Households are often divided into quintiles according to their gross income .
With retirement income replacing salaries and the size of the household declining , the median household income decreases as well .
In 2005 graduates with a Master 's in Business Administration -LRB- MBA -RRB- who accepted job offers are expected to earn a base salary of $ 88,626 .
The New York Times has used the quintiles to define class .
The change in median personal and household since 1991 also varied greatly with educational attainment .
Overall , '' â -LRB- a -RRB- verage earnings ranged from $ 18,900 for high school dropouts to $ 25,900 for high school graduates , $ 45,400 for college graduates and $ 99,300 for workers with professional degrees -LRB- M.D. , D.P.T. , D.P.M. , D.O. , J.D. , Pharm . D. , D.D.S. , or D.V.M. -RRB- .
Not surprisingly the lowest income group was composed of those households headed by individuals younger than 24 , followed by those headed by persons over the age of 75 .
Decreases in household income are visible during each recession , while increases are visible during economic upturns .
Overall , the United States followed the trend of other developed nations with a relatively large population of relatively affluent households outnumbering the poor .
The following table shows the median household income according to the educational attainment of the householder .
Households headed by persons who identified as being Asian alone , on the other hand , were overrepresented among the top two quintiles .
As a result , the mean tends to be higher than the median income , with the top earning households boosting it .
Considering how education significantly enhances the earnings potential of individuals , it should come as no surprise that individuals with graduate degrees have an average per capita income exceeding the median household income of married couple families among the general population -LRB- $ 63,813 -RRB- .
The highest median income per member of household was among those between the ages of 54 and 64 with $ 30,544 -LRB- The reason this figure is lower than the next group is because Pensions and Social Security add to income while a portion of older individuals also have work-related income . -RRB- -RRB- .
Despite advances minorities have made to exit poverty , there is still an uneven racial distribution among the income quintiles .
The state with the highest median household income in the United States as of the US Census Bureau 2005\/06 is New Jersey with $ 66,752 , followed by Maryland , Hawaii and Connecticut , making the Northeastern United States the wealthiest area by income in the entire country .
Today , 42 % of all households have two income earners . Household income increased dramatically faster for affluent households with income inequality having increased steadily since the 1970s .
Households headed by persons between the ages of 45 and 54 had a median household income of $ 61,111 and a mean household income of $ 77,634 .
The 2006 economic survey also found that households in the top two income quintiles , those with an annual household income exceeding $ 60,000 , had a median of two income earners while those in the lower quintiles -LRB- 2nd and middle quintile -RRB- had median of only one income earner per household .
Household income also increased significantly with the educational attainment of the householder .
Household income in the United States varies substantially with the age of the person who heads the household .
Among those in between the extremes of the income strata are a large number of households with moderately high middle class incomes and an even larger number of households with moderately low incomes .
As a result of these changing household demographics , median household income rose relatively slowly despite an ever increasing female labor force and a considerable increase in the percentage of college graduates .
All data is in 2003 dollars and only applies to householders whose householder is aged twenty-five or older .
While the median household income has increased 30 % since 1990 , it has increased only slightly when considering inflation .
The highest median household income was found among households headed by working baby-boomers .
Median household income for other countries is shown in the table below .
In 2005 , disposable personal income was , however , $ 27,640 , a 43 % increase .
The median income per household member -LRB- including all working and non-working members above the age of 14 -RRB- was $ 26,036 in 2006 .
Non-family households -LRB- individuals -RRB- are disproportionately represented in the lower two quintiles .
Only 4.75 % of all household in the top 5 % were headed by someone who identified him or herself as being Hispanic or Latino of any race , versus 12.5 % of persons identifying themselves as Hispanic or Latino in the general population .
They are also expected to receive an `` average signing bonus of $ 17,428 . ''
Another common measurement of personal income is the mean household income .
The lifetime earnings gap between males and females was the smallest for those individuals holding an Associate degrees with male life-time earnings being 27.77 % higher than those of females .
While personal income has remained relatively stagnant over the past few decades , household income has risen due to the rising percentage of households with two or more income earners .
The US Census Bureau publishes educational attainment and income data for all households with a householder who was aged twenty-five or older .
1.93 % of all households had annual incomes exceeding $ 250,000 . 12.3 % fell below the federal poverty threshold and the bottom 20 % earned less than $ 19,178 .
According to the US Census Bureau persons with doctorates in the United States had an average income of roughly $ 81,400 .
African-American or Black households had the lowest median household income of all races with $ 30,134 .
As households tend to share a similar economic context , the use of household income remains among the most widely accepted measures of income .
The group with the second highest median household income , were households headed by persons between the ages 35 and 44 with a median income of $ 56,785 , followed by those in the age group between 55 and 64 with $ 50,400 .
This indicated that while four person households have larger incomes than those with one , two or three members , households seem to earn progressively less as their size increases beyond four persons .
The aggregate income distribution is highly concentrated towards the top , with the top 6.37 % earning roughly one third of all income , and those with upper-middle incomes controlling a large , though declining , share of the total earned income .
The biggest income difference was between those with some college education and those who had a Bachelor 's degree , with the latter making $ 23,874 more annually .
Median household income in the Mid-West declined by 2.8 % to $ 44,657 .
The average for an advanced degree was $ 72,824 with men averaging $ 90,761 and women averaging $ 50,756 annually .
Income also increased substantially with increased post-secondary education .
These fluctuations were felt across the income strata as the incomes of both , the 95th and 20th percentile were affected by fluctuations in the economy .
Overall , the median household income increased with the age of householder until retirement age when household income started to decline .
While the median household income for a household with a householder having an Associates degree was $ 51,970 , the median household income for householders with a Bachelor 's degree or higher was $ 73,446 .
Since 1967 , the median household income in the United States has risen by 31 % , fluctuating several times .
Overall , median household income tended to be the highest in the nation 's most urbanized northeastern , upper midwestern and west coast states , while rural areas , mostly in the southern and mountain states , had the lowest median household income .
Overall , the mean household income in the United States , according to the US Census Bureau 2004 Economic Survey , was $ 60,528 , or $ 17,210 -LRB- 39.73 % -RRB- higher than the median household income .
In terms of region the median household income was as follows : `` Northeast -LRB- $ 47,994 -RRB- , West -LRB- $ 47,680 -RRB- and South -LRB- $ 40,773 -RRB- . ''
By 1996 only a rough quarter of US households consisted of married couples with children .
While White Americans made up roughly 75.1 % of all persons in 2000 , 87.93 % of all households in the top 5 % were headed by a person who identified as being White alone .
Overall , 86.01 % of all households in the top two quintiles with upper-middle range incomes of over $ 55,331 were headed by a head of household who identified him or herself as White alone , while only 7.21 % were being headed by someone who identified as being Hispanic and 7.37 % by someone who identified as being African American or Black .
The mean income is usually more affected by the relatively unequal distribution of income which tilts towards the top .
In the top five percent the percentage of Asians was nearly twice as high as the percentage of Asians among the general population .
Household income is a measure commonly used by the United States government and private institutions , that counts the income of all residents over the age of 18 in each household , including not only all wages and salaries , but such items as unemployment insurance , disability payments , child support payments , regular rental receipts , as well as any personal business , investment , or other kinds of income received routinely .
Overall , households headed by persons above the age of seventy-five had a median household income of $ 20,467 with the median household income per member of household being $ 18,645 .
Households in the top quintile , 77 % of which had two or more income earners , had incomes exceeding $ 91,705 .
In terms of race , Asian-Americans households had the highest median household income of $ 57,518 , European-American households ranked second with $ 48,977 , Hispanic or Latino households ranked third with $ 34,241 .
For example the household income for the 80th precentile , the lower threshold for the top quintile , rose from $ 55,265 in 1967 to $ 86,867 in 2003 , a 57.2 % increase .
Each quintile represents 20 % , or one fifth , of all households .
While per-capita , disposable income has increased 469 % since 1972 , it has only increased moderately when inflation is considered .
While the proportion of wives working year-round in married couple households with children has increased from 17 % in 1967 to 39 % in 1996 , the proportion of such households among the general population has decreased .
Whites were relatively even distributed throughout the quintiles only being underrepresented in the lowest quintile and slightly overrepresented in the top quintile and the top five percent .
The highest and lowest points of the median household income are presented in bold face .
As the majority of households in the top quintile had two income earners , versus zero for the lowest quintile and that the widening gap between the top and lowest quintile may largely be the reflection of changing household demographics including the addition of women to the workforce .
Sagawa Shiga Football Club , formerly Sagawa Express Soccer Club , is an amateur Japanese association football club based in Moriyama , Shiga .
The club formed in 2007 from a merger of two Sagawa Express corporation football clubs in JFL ; Sagawa Express Tokyo S.C. and Sagawa Express Osaka S.C. .
Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County , Iowa , United States .
He made a few recollections of Muscatine in his book Life on the Mississippi .
Sam Clemens -LRB- better known by his pen-name Mark Twain -RRB- worked for a while at the local newspaper , the Muscatine Journal , which was partly owned by his brother , Orion Clemens .
Muscatine was known as the `` Pearl Button Capital of the World . ''
A button company was founded in 1884 by a German immigrant named J.F. Boepple , producing buttons by punching them out of clam shells harvested from the Mississippi River .
Muscatine began as a trading post founded by representatives of Colonel George Davenport in 1833 .
The Class 112 and Class 113 DMUs utilised the standard Cravens body used on Class 105s but had a single Rolls-Royce engine rated at 238 h per car , all of which formed into ` power twins ' - two car sets with both vehicles powered .
Both types also spent some time working from Cricklewood .
The second batch of 50 cars -LRB- 25 sets -RRB- had hydraulic transmission , and became Class 113s .
The gross weight of a set with all seats occupied was approximately 70 tons , giving 6.8 h per ton .
There were two batches built , the first 50 vehicles -LRB- 25 sets -RRB- had standard mechanical transmission via a gearbox and were allocated the Class 112 .
The cars were built for services in the LMR Central Division and in the Liverpool - St Helens area , where the gradients in the Lancashire & Yorkshire area required more power .
Empty , it was 8.1 hp\/ton , which compared favourably with 5.7 hp\/ton that the Cravens power\/trailer had .
Masseilles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Saint-Georges-les-Bains is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
When the benchmark price is equal to the marginal cost of production , as it is in perfect competition , then ratio of the overcharge to market price is the Lerner Index of market power .
Another career milestone came on September 16 , 1966 , when Price sang Cleopatra in Antony and Cleopatra by American composer Samuel Barber , commissioned to open the Met 's new house at Lincoln Center .
Decatur City is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
A synchronous orbit is an orbit in which an orbiting body -LRB- usually a satellite -RRB- has a period equal to the average rotational period of the body being orbited -LRB- usually a planet -RRB- , and in the same direction of rotation as that body .
AdÃ # o Nunes Dornelles -LRB- April 2 , 1923 â `` August 30 , 1991 -RRB- , better known as â â AdÃ # ozinhoâ â , was a Brazilian footballer who played the striker role for the Brazilian team , he started in three matches .
Mint has a number of design differences from Ubuntu , including :
Linux Mint has a stated focus on elegance , and it includes a number of applications that are not available in Ubuntu , and vice versa . Mint has a number of design differences from Ubuntu , including :
Linux Mint is a Linux-based operating system for computers . Linux Mint is available in several editions with different codebases , all of which are ultimately based on Ubuntu except for LMDE -LRB- Linux Mint Debian Edition -RRB- and Linux Mint Xfce which are based on Debian .
The same year , in an effort to increase the compatibility between the two systems , Linux Mint decided to abandon its code-base and changed the way it built its releases . Starting with version 6 `` Felicia '' each release was now completely based on the latest Ubuntu release , built directly from it , timed for approximately one month after the corresponding Ubuntu release -LRB- i.e. usually in May and November -RRB- .
OsÃ as Reis dos Santos -LRB- born May 14 , 1971 in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil -RRB- is a retired Brazilian football player .
More wheat flour is produced than any other flour .
Wheat flour is a powder made from the grinding of wheat used for human consumption .
This template is created to allow easy switching to unicode fonts .
... wherein class = `` Unicode '' is defined in MediaWiki : Common .
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Toshihide Saito is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender .
William Felton `` Bill '' Russell -LRB- born February 12 , 1934 -RRB- is a retired American professional basketball player who played center for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
In the common law of England , a judgment of -LRB- criminal -RRB- outlawry was one of the harshest penalties in the legal system , since the outlaw could not use the legal system to protect them if needed , e.g. from mob justice . To be declared an outlaw was to suffer a form of civil or social death .
Trasadingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Ralf Sigvard EdstrÃ m -LRB- born 7 October 1952 in Degerfors -RRB- is a former Swedish footballer .
commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Liechtenstein is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the worldâ '' being a landlocked country wholly surrounded by other landlocked countries -LRB- the other is Uzbekistan -RRB- .
The population was 23,347 at the 2000 United States Census .
Situated in the Jackson metropolitan area , it is the tenth largest city in Mississippi .
Clinton is a city in Hinds County , Mississippi , United States .
Stacy London -LRB- born May 25 , 1969 -RRB- is an American fashion consultant and media personality known primarily for her role as co-host on What Not to Wear , a reality program that features makeovers .
Morganfield is located at .
On 2 November 2001 , Ross began presenting his chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross .
Jonathan Stephen Ross , OBE -LRB- born 17 November 1960 -RRB- is an English television and radio presenter , best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross from 2001 until he left the BBC in 2010 .
Now humans ' unique relationship to tools is considered to be that we are the only species that uses tools to make other tools .
Born in Marseilles to a Jewish family from Aix-en-Provence , Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met his fellow group members Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre .
His compositions are influenced by jazz and make use of polytonality -LRB- music in more than one key at once -RRB- .
He studied composition under Charles Widor and harmony and counterpoint with AndrÃ Gedalge .
His autobiography is titled Notes sans musique -LRB- Notes Without Music -RRB- , later revised as Ma vie heureuse -LRB- My Happy Life -RRB- .
Darius Milhaud -LRB- ; 4 September 1892 â `` 22 June 1974 -RRB- was a French composer and teacher .
His most popular works include Le bÅ `` uf sur le toit -LRB- ballet -RRB- , La crÃ ation du monde -LRB- a ballet for small orchestra with solo saxophone , influenced by jazz -RRB- , Scaramouche -LRB- for Saxophone and Piano , also for two pianos -RRB- , and Saudades do Brasil -LRB- dance suite -RRB- .
He also studied privately with Vincent d'Indy .
Ilham Aliyev is the son of Heydar Aliyev , who was Azerbaijan 's president from 1993-2003 .
Leyssard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
For information about the Wikipedia project , see FAQ .
These FAQ answers reflect the decisions found in the talk page archives .
The FAQ addresses these common concerns , criticisms , and arguments , and answers various misconceptions behind them .
Providing similar answers each time a topic is brought up uses up many editors ' time and energy .
Please feel free to change them in light of new discussion . -RCB- -RCB-
It provides responses for certain topics repeatedly brought up on the talk page .
Chervey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Major secondary schools are the Nepomucenum , the Heriburg-Gymnasium and the St.-Pius-Gymnasium .
Coesfeld is the capital of the district of Coesfeld in North Rhine-Westphalia .
It is one of only a handful of Native American languages with over a million speakers .
Aymara -LRB- Aymar aru -RRB- is an Aymaran language spoken by the Aymara people of the Andes .
See also Religion in Vanuatu .
It is told mostly from the point of view of Bean , a largely peripheral character in the original novel Ender 's Game .
It is also the sixth novel in the Ender 's Game series .
Shadow of the Hegemon -LRB- 2001 -RRB- is the second novel in the Ender 's Shadow series -LRB- often called the Bean Quartet -RRB- by Orson Scott Card .
Daisuke Yoneyama -LRB- born 10 June 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Yoshio Kitajima -LRB- born October 29 , 1975 in JÅ sÅ , Ibaraki , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Johan Vonlanthen BenavÃ dez -LRB- born 1 February 1986 -RRB- is a Swiss footballer who plays as a winger for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and for the Swiss national team .
Melissa Lou Etheridge -LRB- born May 29 , 1961 -RRB- is an American rock singer-songwriter and musician .
The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river , Jamuna , lies across the eastern border .
In the West , Rajshahi division shares a border with India .
The divisional city Rajshahi is only four hours road journey away from Dhaka , the capital city .
It has an excellent rail and road communication infrastructure .
Rajshahi Division is one of the seven administrative divisions of Bangladesh .
Rajshahi division consists of 8 districts , 70 Upazilas -LRB- the next lower administrative tier -RRB- and 1,092 Unions -LRB- the lowest administrative tier -RRB- .
It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 kmÂ .
Rajshahi division is in the mid western corner of Bangladesh .
The school was rebuilt from older buildings , and a new PFI school was opened to pupils on 2 November 2006 .
Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea , North Yorkshire , England ; and it is in the Redcar and Cleveland Local Education Authority .
Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov -LRB- , Yury Vladimirovich Andropov ; â `` 9 February 1984 -RRB- was a Soviet politician and the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 12 November 1982 until his death fifteen months later .
Before his death , Guru Gobind Singh decreed that the GurÅ `` Granth SÄ hib would be the final and perpetual guru of the Sikhs . The Sikhs believe that the spirit of Guru Nanak was passed from one guru to the next , '' just as the light of one lamp , which lights another and does not diminish '' , and is also mentioned in their Guru Granth Sahib .
Each guru added to and reinforced the message taught by the previous , resulting in the creation of the Sikh religion .
The term guru comes from the Sanskrit gurÅ `` , meaning teacher , guide , or mentor .
The traditions and philosophy of Sikhism were established by ten specific gurus from 1499 to 1708 .
Guru Gobind Singh was the final guru in human form .
Guru Nanak Dev was the first guru and appointed a disciple as successor .
Menton -LRB- ; Occitan -LRB- meâ Ë taâ -RRB- , written Menton in classical norm or Mentan in Mistralian norm ; -RRB- is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
He is also a former member of the Iran national football team and usually plays in the center back position .
Rahman Rezaei -LRB- , born 20 February 1975 in Noor -RRB- is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Paykan in the Iran Pro League .
Singers and musicians who grew up listening to the traditional electric blues of artists such as Muddy Waters , Bo Diddley , Jimmy Reed and Elmore James ; soul singers such as Sam Cooke , Ray Charles and Otis Redding ; and gospel music wanted to bridge their favorite music together .
Soul blues is a style of blues music developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s that combines elements of soul music and urban contemporary music .
Tourville-sur-Odon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Saint-Aubin-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Longues-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Riodinidae -LRB- or metalmarks -RRB- are a family of butterflies .
The common name `` metalmarks '' refers to the small metallic-looking spots commonly found on their wings .
Chitral can be accessed by air via the Chitral Airport which is approximately 3 km from the town .
It has one of the highest mountains of the world , Tirich Mir .
Chitral is also home to the Kalash tribe , who live in Bumburet and two other remote valleys southwest of Chitral town .
Chitral District is the most northerly district in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province , to the west and north is Afghanistan - in the north the Wakhan Corridor , a narrow strip claimed by Pakistan , it separates Pakistan from Tajikistan .
Since many of these languages have no written form , letters are usually written in Urdu or Persian .
The general population is mainly of the Kho people , who speak the Khowar language -LRB- or Chitrali -RRB- , which is also spoken in parts of Yasin , Gilgit and Swat .
The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world .
The terrain of Chitral is quite mountainous , part of the Pamir Mountains are situated here .
Chitral is a district in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan that contains the town of Chitral .
The Lowari Tunnel is being constructed under the Lowari Pass .
In 1970 Chitral was absorbed into Pakistan as the new Chitral District , until 2000 within Malakand Division .
It is the largest district in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa covering an area of 14,850 sq . kilometres .
Regular flights from Peshawar and Islamabad are run by the PIA .
These include Kalasha-mun , Palula , Dameli , Gawar-Bati , Nuristani , Yidgha , Burushaski , Gujar , Wakhi , Kyrgyz , Persian and Pashto .
Until 1969 , Chitral was a princely state , within the Malakand Agency .
10,230 ft. -RRB- from Dir and Shandur Top -LRB- el .
Both are closed in winter .
Both routes are closed in winter .
Two other passes give access on foot to Chitral , the Broghol Pass and the Dorah Pass , both from Afghanistan .
To the east of Chitral are the federally controlled Northern Areas of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani internal districts of Upper Dir and Swat .
Chitral is connected to the rest of Pakistan by only two road routes , the Lowari Pass -LRB- el .
Tirich Mir which at 25,289 feet -LRB- 7,708 metres -RRB- is the highest peak of the Hindu Kush , rises in the north of the district .
It has an area of 14,850 kmÂ and a population of 318,689 at the 1998 Census , which had subsequently risen to about 378,000 people by 2004 .
12,200 ft. -RRB- from Gilgit .
It was reported in 2004 that Afghanistan had agreed to allow access from Pakistan to Chitral though Afghan territory and the Kunar Valley , by passing Lowari Pass .
Although Khowar is the predominant language of Chitral , more than ten other languages are spoken here .
In ice hockey , a goal is scored when the puck completely crosses the goal line between the two goal posts and below the goal crossbar .
The goal judge is an official positioned off ice behind each goal for the specific purpose of indicating when the puck has crossed the goal line and entered the goal . For arenas so equipped , the goal judge turns on a red light behind the goal when he sees the puck cross the goal line .
In 2005 , the prize was given to the Swiss Federal Railways , rather than a municipality .
The prize is named for Henri-Louis Wakker .
The Wakker Prize -LRB- in German : Wakkerpreis , in French Prix Wakker , in Italian Premio Wakker -RRB- is awarded annually by the Swiss Heritage Society to a Municipality of Switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage .
The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 American animated comedy film based on the animated television series The Simpsons .
The film was directed by David Silverman , and stars the regular television cast of Dan Castellaneta , Julie Kavner , Nancy Cartwright , Yeardley Smith , Hank Azaria , Harry Shearer , Tress MacNeille , and Pamela Hayden .
Boise is the capital and most populous city of the U.S. state of Idaho as well as the county seat of Ada County .
The Class 59 Co-Co diesel locomotives were built and introduced between 1985 and 1995 by Electro-Motive Division -LRB- EMD -RRB- of General Motors -LRB- now independent company Electro-Motive Diesel -RRB- for private British companies , initially Foster Yeoman .
They were designed for hauling heavy freight and designated JT26CW-SS .
Aubignas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Roberto EmÃ lio da Cunha , best known as Roberto -LRB- born in NiterÃ i , June 20 , 1912 ; died March 20 , 1977 -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
Beyond the Baroque period , toccatas are found less frequently .
The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 , also known as the Tiananmen Square massacre and the June Fourth Incident -LRB- in part to avoid confusion with two prior Tiananmen Square protests -RRB- , were a series of demonstrations in and near Tiananmen Square in Beijing in the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- beginning on 15 April 1989 .
-LRB- These exceptions are ignored by some Asian computer systems that systematically display quotation marks with the included spacing , as this spacing is part of the fixed-width characters . -RRB-
Single or double quotation marks denote either speech or a quotation .
Dawkinsâ s concept of a meme could be described as an `` evolving idea . ''
Regardless of its placement , only one end mark -LRB- ?
The two may , however , in these cases , be to some degree interchangeable .
Nesting levels up to five can be found in the Bible .
When available , however , the prime should be used instead -LRB- e. g. , 5 â 6 â , and 40 Â 20 â 50 â -RRB- .
When a quotation is followed by other writing on a line of text , a space follows the closing quotation mark unless it is immediately followed by other punctuation within the sentence , such as a colon or closing punctuation .
The important rule is that the style of opening and closing quotation marks must be matched :
â HAL said , `` Good morning , Dave , '' â recalled Frank .
When quoted text is interrupted , such as with the phrase he said , a closing quotation mark is used before the interruption , and an opening quotation mark after .
While these two styles are most commonly referred to as American and British -LRB- and some style sheets provide no other name -RRB- , some American writers and organizations use the British style and vice versa .
As noted below , in some older texts , the quotation mark is repeated every line , rather than every paragraph .
`` HAL , '' noted Frank , `` said that everything was going extremely well . ''
Quotation marks can also offset a nickname embedded in an actual name , or a false or ironic title embedded in an actual title ; for example , Nat `` King '' Cole , Miles `` Tails '' Prower , or John `` Hannibal '' Smith .
In these cases , questions arise about the form -LRB- and names -RRB- of the quotation marks to be used .
Quotation marks were first cut in metal type during the middle of the sixteenth century , and were used copiously by some printers by the seventeenth .
In some languages , if it is desired to include the same quotation marks used to delimit a string inside the string , the quotation marks are doubled .
Quotation marks are used for multiple-paragraph quotations in some cases , especially in narratives .
It is incorrect to use quotation marks for paraphrased speech .
The logic for this derives from the need to distinguish use forms , coupled with the mandate to retain consistent notation for like use forms .
Other languages use an escape character , often the backslash , as in ` eat ` hot ' dogs ' .
However , these three characters have quite different purposes .
In Early Modern English , quotation marks were used only to denote pithy comments .
In the first centuries of typesetting , quotations were distinguished merely by indicating the speaker , and this can still be seen in some editions of the Bible .
This style of punctuation is common in the U.S. and Canada . The other standard styleâ '' called British style or logical punctuationâ '' is to include within quotation marks only those punctuation marks that appeared in the quoted material , but otherwise to place punctuation outside the closing quotation marks .
Quotation marks or inverted commas -LRB- informally referred to as quotes or speech marks -RRB- are punctuation marks at the beginning and end of a quotation , direct speech , literal title or name .
This usage can be confused with ironic or altered-usage quotation , sometimes with unintended humor .
For instance , 5 feet and 6 inches is often written 5 ' 6 '' , and 40 degrees , 20 arcminutes , and 50 arcseconds is written 40 Â 20 ' 50 '' .
Neither style â '' single or double â '' is an absolute rule , though double quotation marks are preferred in the United States , and both single and double quotation marks are used in the United Kingdom .
Yes , he did say , `` He said , â Good morning .
Both systems have the same rules regarding question marks , exclamation points , colons and semicolons .
One can skirt these limitations , however , by using the HTML character codes or entities .
In the first two sentences above , only one punctuation mark is used at the end of each .
`` Cheese '' is derived from a word in Old English .
The French word canif â pocketknifeâ is borrowed from Old English cnif â knifeâ .
For example to represent the string eat ` hot ' dogs in Pascal one uses ` eat hot dogs ' .
Generally , this smart quote feature is enabled by default .
In the U.S. , the standard style is called American style , typesettersâ rules , printersâ rules , typographical usage , or traditional punctuation , whereby commas and periods are almost always placed inside closing quotation marks .
In fiction , both styles are the same .
Straight single and double quotation marks are used in most programming languages to delimit strings or literal characters .
Long quotations were also set this way , at full size and full measure .
Depending on the typeface , opening and closing quotation marks may be identical in form -LRB- called vertical , straight , or typewriter quotation marks -RRB- , or may be distinctly left-handed and right-handed -LRB- typographic or , colloquially , curly quotation marks -RRB- .
According to the Cambridge Handbook for Editors , Copy-editors and Proofreaders , periods and commas that are part of the personâ s speech are permitted inside the quotation marks regardless .
When a double quotation mark or a single quotation mark immediately follows the other , proper spacing for legibility requires that a non-breaking space be inserted .
Cheese is derived from milk .
They are sometimes gestured in oral speech using air quotes .
Prime and double prime are not present in most character sets , including ASCII and Latin-1 , but are present in Unicode , as characters and .
`` HAL said , â Good morning , Dave , â '' recalled Frank .
As a rule , a whole publication would be italicised , whereas the titles of minor works -LRB- such as poems or short stories inside the collection -RRB- would be written with quotation marks .
When this practice was abandoned , the empty margin remained , leaving the modern form of indented block quotation .
Incorrect : HAL said that `` Everything was going extremely well . ''
So Dave actually said , `` He said , â Good morningâ '' ?
Quotation marks , rather than italics , are generally used for the titles of shorter works .
There is generally no space between an opening quotation mark and the following word , or a closing quotation mark and the preceding word .
The convention in English is to give opening quotation marks to the first and each subsequent paragraph , using closing quotation marks only for the final paragraph of the quotation , as in the following example from Pride and Prejudice :
And again , Cashiersâ desks open until noon for your `` convenience '' might mean that the convenience was for the bank employees , not the customers .
In non-fiction , British publishers may permit placing punctuation that is not part of the personâ s speech inside the quotation marks but prefer that it be placed outside .
These are known as smart quotes -LRB- '' '' -RRB- .
If such a passage is further quoted in another publication , then all of their forms have to be shifted over by one level .
During the Renaissance , quotations were distinguished by setting in a typeface contrasting with the main body text -LRB- often Italic type with roman , or the other way round -RRB- .
To avoid the potential for confusion between ironic quotes and direct quotations , some style guides specify single quotation marks for this usage , and double quotation marks for verbatim speech .
In some Baroque and Romantic-period books , they would be repeated at the beginning of every line of a long quotation .
The lunch lady plopped a glob of `` food '' onto my tray .
The switching between double and single quotes in nested citation quotes reveals the same literary device for reducing ambiguity .
However , most computer text-editing programs provide a smart quotes feature -LRB- see below -RRB- to automatically convert straight quotation marks into typographic punctuation .
Some implementations incorrectly produce an opening single quotation mark in places where an apostrophe is required , for example , in abbreviated years like â 08 for 2008 .
The most common way is to simply alternate between the two forms , thus :
In English , when a quotation follows other writing on a line of text , a space precedes the opening quotation mark unless the preceding symbol , such as a dash , requires that there be no space .
When discussing â useâ , use `` use '' .
To make typographic quotation marks easier to enter , publishing software often automatically converts typewriter quotation marks -LRB- and apostrophes -RRB- to typographic form during text entry -LRB- with or without the userâ s being aware of it -RRB- .
However , another convention when quoting text in the body of a paragraph or sentenceâ '' for example , in an essayâ '' is to recognize double quotation marks as marking an exact quotation , and single quotation marks as marking a paraphrased quotation or a quotation where grammar , pronouns , or plurality have been changed in order to fit the sentence containing the quotation -LRB- see reported speech -RRB- .
Commas are also often used before and after the interruption , more often for quotations of speech than for quotations of text :
This style of punctuation is common in the U.S. and Canada .
By 1749 , single quotation marks , or inverted commas , were commonly used to denote direct speech .
Quotes indicating irony , or other special use , are sometimes called scare , sneer , shock , distance , or horror quotes .
They first began to quote direct speech in 1714 .
They differ on the treatment of periods and commas .
Whether these are single or double is again a matter of style ; however , many styles , especially for poetry , prefer the use of single quotation marks .
Some websites do not allow typographic quotation marks or apostrophes in posts -LRB- one such example being YouTube -RRB- .
Quotation marks are also used to indicate that the writer realizes that a word is not being used in its current commonly accepted sense .
`` Good morning , Frank , '' greeted HAL .
With regard to quotation marks adjacent to periods and commas , there are two styles of punctuation in widespread use .
In all major forms of English , question marks and exclamation marks are placed inside or outside quoted material depending on whether they apply to the whole sentence or just the quoted portion , but colons and semicolons are always placed outside .
Straight quotation marks are also known as dumb quotes -LRB- '' '' -RRB- .
Crystals somehow `` know '' which shape to grow into .
He shared his `` wisdom '' with me .
For example , For sale : `` fresh '' fish , `` fresh '' oysters , could be construed to imply that fresh is not used with its everyday meaning , or indeed to indicate that the fish or oysters are anything but fresh .
â Like any such device , scare quotes lose their force and irritate readers if overused . ''
In some languages -LRB- e. g. Pascal -RRB- only one type is allowed , in some -LRB- e. g. C and its derivatives -RRB- both are used with different meanings and in others -LRB- e. g. Python -RRB- both are used interchangeably .
The other standard styleâ '' called British style or logical punctuationâ '' is to include within quotation marks only those punctuation marks that appeared in the quoted material , but otherwise to place punctuation outside the closing quotation marks .
Cheese has calcium , protein , and phosphorus .
Only the period , however , can not end a quoted sentence when it does not also end the enclosing sentence , except for literal text :
Straight quotation marks -LRB- or italicized straight quotation marks -RRB- are often used to approximate the prime and double prime , e. g. , when signifying feet and inches , arcminutes and arcseconds or minutes and seconds , where the quotation mark symbolises the latter part of the pair .
can end a sentence .
This is because a paraphrase is not a direct quote , and in the course of any composition , it is important to document when one is using a quotation versus when one is using a paraphrased idea .
The closing single quotation mark is identical or similar in form to the apostrophe and similar to the prime symbol .
Quotes are sometimes used for emphasis in lieu of underlining or italics , most commonly on signs or placards .
Standard English computer keyboard layouts inherited the single and double straight quotation marks from the typewriter -LRB- the single quotation mark also doubling as an apostrophe -RRB- , and they do not include individual keys for left-handed and right-handed typographic quotation marks .
The Chicago Manual of Style , 15th edition , acknowledges this type of use but cautions against overuse in section 7.58 , `` Quotation marks are often used to alert readers that a term is used in a nonstandard , ironic , or other special sense -LRB- â -RRB- They imply â This is not my term , â or â This is not how the term is usually applied .
Correct : HAL said that everything was going extremely well .
In most cases , quotations that span multiple paragraphs should be set as block quotations , and thus do not require quotation marks .
â Good morning , Frank , â greeted HAL .
References : The Chicago Manual of Style , 15th edition ; Hart 's Rules for Compositors and Readers at the University Press , Oxford ; Merriam-Webster 's Guide to Punctuation and Style , second edition .
When dealing with direct speech , American rules place periods and commas inside the quotation marks all the time , but the alternative usage varies .
The Spanish convention uses closing quotation marks at the beginning of all subsequent paragraphs beyond the first .
Either quotation marks or italic type can emphasize that an instance of a word refers to the word itself rather than its associated concept .
Sometimes , quotations are nested in more levels than inner and outer quotation .
Kim Dong-Jin -LRB- born 29 January 1982 in Dongducheon -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays left back for the FC Seoul .
Seaca de PÄ dure is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,358 people .
Saint-Pierre-d ` Aurillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The fact that living things inherit traits from their parents has been used since prehistoric times to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding .
Although he did not know the physical basis for heredity , Mendel observed that organisms inherit traits via discrete units of inheritance , which are now called genes .
Genetics -LRB- from Ancient Greek ' , `` genitive '' and that from ' , `` origin '' -RRB- , a discipline of biology , is the science of genes , heredity , and variation in living organisms .
However , the modern science of genetics , which seeks to understand the process of inheritance , only began with the work of Gregor Mendel in the mid-19th century .
When studying human genetic diseases , geneticists often use pedigree charts to represent the inheritance of traits .
The group became known for an anonymous leaflet campaign , lasting from June 1942 until February 1943 , that called for active opposition to dictator Adolf Hitler 's regime .
This renewed interest in Hans and Sophie Scholl led to the first ever showing on UK national television of Sophie Scholl : The Final Days on Channel 4 in March 2009 .
Ferman AkgÃ 1\/4 l -LRB- born 25 December 1979 ; Ankara -RRB- is a Turkish songwriter and the singer of the rock band maNga .
He writes both lyrics and music .
The term lava flow is commonly shortened to lava .
Pillow lava is the lava structure typically formed when lava emerges from an underwater volcanic vent or subglacial volcano or a lava flow enters the ocean .
Pillow lava is the lava structure typically formed when lava emerges from an underwater volcanic vent or subglacial volcano or a lava flow enters the ocean . However , pillow lava can also form when lava is erupted beneath thick glacial ice .
However , pillow lava can also form when lava is erupted beneath thick glacial ice .
Albertshofen is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany .
Antoine Dominique `` Fats '' Domino Jr. -LRB- born February 26 , 1928 -RRB- is an American R&B and rock and roll pianist and singer-songwriter .
Prior to this date , the state capital was the town of GoiÃ s. GoiÃ cents nia has the largest green area per inhabitant in Brazil , and is second only to Edmonton in the world .
Saint-Julien-le-Faucon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
See Japan Soccer League Cup .
The entire project cost nearly S$ 300 million and took about 15 years of planning .
It is a parody of `` It 's All about the Benjamins -LRB- Rock Remix -RRB- '' by Sean `` Puff Daddy '' Combs and focuses on the narrator 's obsession with his computer 's hardware .
In the midst of these negotiations , the emperor agreed to keep half of Prussia intact .
Napoleon himself occupied Berlin , causing the king , queen and the rest of the royal family to flee , despite Louise 's illness , in the dead of winter to KÃ nigsberg in the easternmost part of the kingdom .
Napoleon reportedly remarked the king `` has lost his best minister . ''
Louise 's untimely death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty , as the Napoleonic Wars and need for reform continued .
On 19 July 1810 , while visiting her father in Strelitz , the Queen died in her husband 's arms from an unidentified illness .
The queen 's subjects attributed the French occupation as the cause of her early death .
Napoleon had previously attempted to destroy her reputation by questioning Louise 's marital fidelity , but the queen met him anyway , attempting to use her beauty and charm to flatter him into more favorable terms .
The king and queen had accompanied their troops into battle at Jena -LRB- with Louise apparently dressed `` like an Amazon '' -RRB- , but had to flee from French troops .
On the journey there , there was no food or clean water , and the king and queen were forced to share the same sleeping arrangements in `` one of the wretched barns they call houses '' , according to one witness traveling with them .
Duchess Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz -LRB- Luise Auguste Wilhelmine Amalie ; 10 March 1776 -- 19 July 1810 -RRB- was Queen consort of Prussia as the wife of King Frederick William III .
Though Prussia had not fought in a war since 1795 , its military leaders were confident that they could win against Napoleon 's troops .
Prussian troops began mobilizing , culminating in the October 1806 Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , which was a disaster for Prussia , as the ability of its armed forces to continue the war were effectively wiped out .
After a small incident concerning an anti-French pamphlet occurred , King Frederick William was finally pressured by his wife and family to break off his uneasy peace and enter the war against the French emperor .
Formerly Louise had regularly referred to him as `` the Monster '' , but nevertheless made a request for a private interview with the emperor , whereon she threw herself at his feet ; though he was impressed by her grace and determination , Napoleon refused to make any concessions , writing back to his wife Empress JosÃ phine that Louise `` is really charming and full of coquettishness toward me .
Queen Louise 's efforts to protect her adopted country from French aggression became well admired by future generations .
After various events took place , Napoleon demanded , from a highly superior position , peace terms in what was to be called the Peace of Tilsit -LRB- 1807 -RRB- .
As the king felt that her presence might put Napoleon in a `` more relaxed mood '' ; Louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at Tilsit , but only to save `` her Prussia . ''
Carlile 's music has been categorized in several genres , including pop , rock , alternative country , indie and folk .
Brandi Carlile -LRB- born June 1 , 1981 in Ravensdale , Washington -RRB- is an American singer and songwriter .
The sauce was likely first created by the chef Collinet , the inventor of puffed potatoes -LRB- pommes de terre soufflÃ es -RRB- , and served at the 1836 opening of Le Pavillon Henri IV , a restaurant at Saint-Germain-en-Laye , not far from Paris .
Like Hollandaise sauce , there are several methods for the preparation of BÃ arnaise sauce .
Alternatively , the flavorings may be added to a finished Hollandaise -LRB- sans lemon juice -RRB- .
The sauce 's name refers to the BÃ arn region , a former province now in the dÃ partement of PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques , in southwestern France .
BÃ arnaise sauce is frequently erroneously referred to as Bernaise sauce , as if it were from Bern , the capital city of Switzerland , which is in no way connected with this sauce or its origins .
The most common preparation is a bain marie method where a reduction of vinegar is used to acidify the yolks .
It takes years of practice for the result to be perfect .
BÃ arnaise is a traditional sauce for steak .
A BÃ arnaise sauce is simply clarified butter , an egg yolk , a shallot , a little tarragon vinegar .
Escoffier calls for a reduction of wine , vinegar , shallots , fresh chervil , fresh tarragon and crushed peppercorns -LRB- later strained out -RRB- , with fresh tarragon and chervil to finish instead of lemon juice .
Others are similar .
Evidence for this is reinforced by the fact that the restaurant was named for Henry IV of France , a gourmet himself , who was born in the former province of BÃ arn .
In appearance it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
Here we highlight the differences .
The difference is only in their flavoring : BÃ arnaise uses shallot , chervil , peppercorn , and tarragon , while Hollandaise uses lemon juice .
It is considered to be a ` child ' of the mother Hollandaise sauce , one of the five sauces in the French haute cuisine mother sauce repertoire .
Please refer to the Preparation section of that article for basics .
BÃ arnaise sauce -LRB- French : Sauce bÃ arnaise -RRB- is a sauce made of clarified butter emulsified in egg yolks and flavored with herbs .
Daryn Colledge -LRB- born February 11 , 1982 in Fairbanks Alaska -RRB- is an American football offensive guard for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League .
In Euclidean space , an object is convex if for every pair of points within the object , every point on the straight line segment that joins them is also within the object .
Wesley Benjamin Sneijder -LRB- born 9 June 1984 -RRB- , is a Dutch footballer playing as an attacking midfielder for Italian Serie A club Internazionale .
Thionville is divided into two cantons . Thionville Est , which includes the city , and Thionville Ouest .
Thionville , is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France .
Eintracht Braunschweig is a German association football club based in Braunschweig , Lower Saxony .
Saint-Martin-des-Entr Ã es is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He was also the first ruler to carry the title Sultan -LRB- `` authority '' -RRB- , signifying the extent of his power , though preserving the ideological link to the suzerainty of the Caliph .
Mahmud of Ghazni or Mahmud Ghaznawi , -LRB- November 2 , 971 - April 30 , 1030 -RRB- , also spelled as Mahmood Ghaznawi , -LRB- full name : YamÄ `` n al-Dawlah Abd al-Q Ä á # im Maá mÅ `` d Ibn SebÃ 1\/4 k TegÄ `` n -RRB- was the most prominent ruler of the Ghaznavid dynasty who ruled from 997 until his death in 1030 .
Mahmud turned the former provincial city of Ghazni into the wealthy capital of an extensive empire which extended from most of today 's Iran , Afghanistan as well as Pakistan and regions of North-West India .
ParignÃ - sur-Braye is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Number 2 fuel oil is a distillate home heating oil .
Number 3 fuel oil was a distillate oil for burners requiring low-viscosity fuel .
The term fuel oil is also used in a stricter sense to refer only to the heaviest commercial fuel that can be obtained from crude oil , heavier than gasoline and naphtha .
Fuel oil is a fraction obtained from petroleum distillation , either as a distillate or a residue .
Trucks and some cars use similar diesel fuel with a cetane number limit describing the ignition quality of the fuel .
Price usually decreases as the fuel number increases .
Broadly speaking , fuel oil is any liquid petroleum product that is burned in a furnace or boiler for the generation of heat or used in an engine for the generation of power , except oils having a flash point of approximately and oils burned in cotton or wool-wick burners .
In this sense , diesel is a type of fuel oil .
Fuel oil is made of long hydrocarbon chains , particularly alkanes , cycloalkanes and aromatics .
Viscosity also increases with number , and the heaviest oil has to be heated to get it to flow .
Kumho Tire Co. v. Carmichael , , is a United States Supreme Court case that applied the Daubert standard to expert testimony from non-scientists .
Three months later , the Carmichaels sued the manufacturer of the tire , claiming that the tire was defective and the defect caused the accident .
The district court found the tire expert 's methods not to be scientifically valid , and hence excluded his testimony .
This resulted in a conclusion that Kumho Tire would rightly prevail .
The Eleventh Circuit reversed the district court 's ruling .
It reasoned that Daubert was expressly limited only to scientific expert testimony and did not apply to `` skill - or experience-based observation . ''
The Carmichaels ' case rested largely on testimony from a tire failure expert .
Kumho also disagreed with certain aspects of the tire expert 's methodology , and asked the federal district court hearing the case to exclude it under Rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence .
The tire failure expert relied on features of tire technology that the manufacturer did not dispute , as well as background facts about the particular tire on the Carmichaels ' van .
The Carmichaels appealed to the Eleventh Circuit .
The district court took its cue from Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals , which had solidified a gatekeeping role for trial judges in admitting expert testimony .
Patrick Carmichael was driving his minivan on July 6 , 1993 , when the right rear tire blew out .
One of the passengers in the vehicle died , and others were severely injured .
Kumho Tire asked the Supreme Court to review whether Daubert applied solely to scientific evidence .
The tire expert 's testimony rested on such unscientific `` observation and experience '' , and so the Eleventh Circuit reasoned the district court should have made a different ruling based on their legal reasoning over Rule 702 without the Daubert gloss .
The expert 's conclusion that a defect in the tire caused the accident rested on certain observations about the tire that Kumho Tire vigorously disputed .
Under Daubert , certain factors contribute to the reliability , and hence the admissibility , of expert testimony , one of which is the general validity of the expert 's methods .
The British Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted of five examples , built at Brush Falcon Works in Loughborough and delivered between September 1965 and July 1966 .
They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order , but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing 2650 b , as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet .
Servignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
`` One Man Army '' -LRB- often mistakenly called `` Falling '' -RRB- is a 1999 song by Our Lady Peace , released as the first single from their third album , Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch .
The Nice model popular among planetary scientists postulates that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time , causing objects in the asteroid belt and\/or Kuiper belt to be put onto eccentric orbits that reached the terrestrial planets .
The Late Heavy Bombardment -LRB- commonly referred to as the lunar cataclysm , or LHB -RRB- is a period of time approximately 4.1 to 3.8 billion years ago -LRB- Ga -RRB- during which a large number of impact craters are believed to have formed on the Moon , and by inference on Earth , Mercury , Venus , and Mars as well .
Nevertheless , some argue that the lunar sample data do not require a cataclysmic cratering event near 3.9 Ga , and that the apparent clustering of impact melt ages near this time is an artifact of sampling material affected by a single large impact basin .
The evidence for this event comes primarily from the dating of lunar samples , which indicates that most impact melt rocks formed in this rather narrow interval of time .
While many hypotheses have been put forth to explain a `` spike '' in the flux of either asteroidal or cometary materials to the inner solar system , no consensus yet exists as to its cause .
Observation of the satellite 's orbit has made possible an accurate determination of Hermione 's mass. .
It has not yet been officially named , but `` LaFayette '' has been proposed by a group of astronomers in reference to the frigate used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the insurgents .
Hermione is a Cybele asteroid and orbits beyond most of the main-belt asteroids .
As a C-type , it is probably composed of carbonaceous materials .
For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â , giving a porosity of the order of 20 % , and possibly indicating that the main components are fractured solid bodies , but that the asteroid is rather not a rubble pile .
A satellite of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope , and is about 8 miles -LRB- 13 km -RRB- in diameter .
Hermione was discovered by J. C. Watson on May 12 , 1872 from Ann Arbor , and named after Hermione , daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology .
Of several proposed shape models that agreed with the images , a `` snowman '' - like shape was found to best fit the observed precession rate of Hermione 's satellite .
The asteroid has a bi-lobed shape , as evidenced by adaptive optics images , the first of which were taken in December 2003 , with the Keck telescope .
121 Hermione is a very large asteroid of the dark C spectral type , orbiting in the Cybele group in the far outer main belt .
The satellite is currently designated S\/2002 -LRB- 121 -RRB- 1 .
Occultations by Hermione have been successfully observed three times so far , the last time in February 2004 .
Silvio Spann -LRB- born August 21 , 1981 -RRB- is a Trinidad and Tobagan footballer who is currently playing for W Connection .
His younger brother Silas Spann of Joe Public F.C. is currently member of the Trinidad and Tobago national football team .
Trail is a city in the West Kootenay region of the Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
The Trail Memorial Centre currently plays host to the Trail & District Public Library , the Trail Smoke Eaters hockey team , the Trail Museum , and the Sports Hall of Memories , in addition to many local sports facilities .
Craig Leo Stansberry -LRB- born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia -RRB- is a Major League Baseball third baseman who is currently in the San Diego Padres organization .
BenoÃ t Pedretti -LRB- born 12 November 1980 in Audincourt , Doubs -RRB- is a French football midfielder playing for AJ Auxerre .
The title was imported to the monarchies of medieval Europe , and in many countries developed into a high military rank and great officer of State -LRB- e.g. , the Constable of France -RRB- .
The office of constable can vary significantly in different jurisdictions .
Historically , a constable could also be someone in charge of the defense of a castle .
Even today , there is a Constable of the Tower of London .
The equivalent position is that of Marshal , which derives from Old High German marah `` horse '' and schalh `` servant '' , and originally meant `` stable keeper '' , which has a similar etymology .
However , in the Channel Islands a constable is an elected office-holder at the parish level .
Most constables in modern jurisdictions are law enforcement officers ; in the United Kingdom , Commonwealth of Nations and some European countries , a constable is the lowest rank of police officer -LRB- it is also , when preceded by the term ` sworn ' , used to describe any police officer with arrest and other powers -RRB- , while in the United States a constable is generally an elected peace officer with lesser jurisdiction than a sheriff .
A constable is a person holding a particular office , most commonly in law enforcement .
If a constable is not appointed as a constable with peace officer powers , they can only serve civil processes .
Historically , the title comes from the Latin comes stabuli -LRB- count of the stables -RRB- and originated from the Eastern Roman Empire ; originally , the constable was the officer responsible for keeping the horses of a lord or monarch .
Diving nearly vertically at the target , in the same direction the bombs will take , the aircraft will release the bombs very close to the target at high speed .
This allows a dive bomber to accurately place bombs on smaller and\/or moving targets with relative ease .
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives directly at its targets in order to provide greater accuracy for the bomb it drops .
This tactic also gave the advantage of attacking ships at a weak spot ; armor was typically heaviest near the waterline and thin or non-existent on the deck .
Additionally , no complicated precision bomb sight is needed for targeting .
In addition , dive bombing allowed relatively small aircraft carrying limited bomb loads to inflict disproportionately heavy damage .
Dive bombers were widely used to attack high value targets such as ships and bridges .
It was opposed by 11 Southern slave states that had declared a secession to join together to form the Confederacy .
During the American Civil War , the Union was a name used to refer to the federal government of the United States , which was supported by the twenty free states and five border slave states .
Although the Union states included the Western states of California , Oregon , and -LRB- after 1864 -RRB- Nevada , as well as states generally considered to be part of the Midwest , the Union has been also often loosely referred to as `` the North '' , both then and now .
George Hoyt Whipple -LRB- August 28 , 1878 -- February 1 , 1976 -RRB- was an American physician , pathologist , biomedical researcher , and medical school educator and administrator .
Whipple shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1934 with George Richards Minot and William Parry Murphy `` for their discoveries concerning liver therapy in cases of anemia . ''
Excommunication is a religious censure used to deprive or suspend membership in a religious community .
Censures and sanctions sometimes follow excommunication ; these include banishment , shunning , and shaming , depending on the religion , the offense that caused excommunication , or the rules or norms of the religious community .
In some religions , excommunication includes spiritual condemnation of the member or group .
The word means putting -LRB- someone -RRB- out of communion .
Pensacola is the westernmost city in the Florida Panhandle and the county seat of Escambia County , Florida , United States of America .
Since 2004 , she has been the highest-paid model in the world and the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment industry with an estimated $ 150 million fortune .
Of note , the Isthmus of Corinth connects the peninsula of Peloponnese with the rest of the Greek peninsula , the Isthmus of Panama connects the continents of North and South America -LRB- the Americas -RRB- , and the Isthmus of Suez in Egypt connects Africa and Asia -LRB- or Eurasia -RRB- .
South Dakota celebrates the day as officially a state holiday known as `` Native American Day '' rather than Columbus Day .
The city of Lawton is the county seat of Comanche County , in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
In the coiling method of construction , all of the energy required to form the main part of a piece is supplied indirectly by the hands of the potter .
A potter 's wheel may occasionally be referred to as a `` potter 's lathe '' . However , that term is better used for another kind of machine that is used for a different shaping process , turning , similar to that used for shaping of metal and wooden articles .
In Ancient Egyptian mythology , the deity Khnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel .
A potter 's wheel may occasionally be referred to as a `` potter 's lathe '' .
The wheel may also be used during process of trimming the excess body from dried ware and for applying incised decoration or rings of color .
Many early ceramics were hand-built using a simple coiling technique in which clay was rolled into long threads that were then pinched and beaten together to form the body of a vessel .
Tim Allen -LRB- born Timothy Allen Dick ; June 13 , 1953 -RRB- is an American comedian , actor , voice-over artist , and entertainer , known for his role in the sitcom Home Improvement .
He is also known for his film roles in several popular movies , including the Toy Story series , The Santa Clause series , and Galaxy Quest .
Geneva is a city in and the county seat of Geneva County , Alabama , United States .
It is part of the Dothan , Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Gandhara was largely Mahayana Buddhist , and was also a stronghold of Vajrayana Buddhism .
Buddhism was also practiced in the Punjab and Sindh regions .
There are many archaeological sites from the Buddhist era in Swat .
Padmasambhava is known as Guru Rinpoche in Tibetan and it is he who introduced Vajrayana Buddhism in Tibet .
Most Buddhists in Punjab reverted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards .
The Swat Valley , known in antiquity as Uddiyana , was a kingdom tributary to Gandhara .
The Buddhist sage Padmasambhava is said to have been born in a village near the present day town of Chakdara in Lower Dir District , which was then a part of Uddiyana .
Buddhism was the faith practiced by the majority of the population of Sindh up to the Arab conquest by the Umayad Caliphate in 710 AD .
Gandhara remained a largely Buddhist land until around 800 AD , when the Pashtun people invaded the region from Southern Afghanistan and introduced the Islamic religion .
The region that is today known as Pakistan once had a large Buddhist population , with the majority of people in Gandhara -LRB- present day North Western Pakistan and Eastern Afghanistan -RRB- being Buddhist .
Jun Uruno is a Japanese football player currently playing for Roasso Kumamoto .
Since 2003 , Goater has organised the annual Shaun Goater Grass-roots Soccer Festival , a football coaching event for children in Bermuda .
The team , of which Goater is a director and player , is named the Bermuda Hogges .
The marathon is a long-distance running event with an official distance of 42.195 kilometres -LRB- 26 miles and 385 yards -RRB- , that is usually run as a road race .
Andrew David Lansley , CBE , MP -LRB- born 11 December 1956 -RRB- is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom and Secretary of State for Health .
He was appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 .
He has been the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for South Cambridgeshire since the 1997 general election .
The actual site of Hanzei 's grave is not known . This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- at in Sakai , Osaka .
He was the brother of Emperor RichÅ `` ; and this succession effectively by-passed RichÅ `` 's two sons .
Emperor Hanzei , also known as Emperor HanshÅ , was the 18th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
No other details have survived .
Reed stems are also important building materials in some areas .
Medicines obtained from stems include quinine from the bark of cinchona trees , camphor distilled from wood of a tree in the same genus that provides cinnamon , and the muscle relaxant curare from the bark of tropical vines .
Stem usually consist of three tissues , dermal tissue , ground tissue and vascular tissue .
Bamboo stems also have hundreds of uses , including paper , buildings , furniture , boats , musical instruments , fishing poles , water pipes , plant stakes , and scaffolding .
Tree bark is often used as a mulch and in growing media for container plants .
Amber is fossilized sap from tree trunks ; it is used for jewelry and may contain ancient animals .
Chicle , the main ingredient in chewing gum , is obtained from trunks of the chicle tree .
Wood pulp is widely used to make paper , paperboard , cellulose sponges , cellophane and some important plastics and textiles , such as cellulose acetate and rayon .
Gum arabic is an important food additive obtained from the trunks of Acacia senegal trees .
The earliest paper was obtained from the stems of papyrus by the ancient Egyptians .
The other main structural axis of plants is the root .
In most plants stems are located above the soil surface but some plants have underground stems .
Sugarcane stems are a major source of sugar .
Rattan , used for furniture and baskets , is made from the stems of tropical vining palms .
Trunks of palm trees and tree ferns are often used for building .
Cork is obtained from the bark of the cork oak .
The spice , cinnamon is bark from a tree trunk .
A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant .
The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes , the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves , inflorescence -LRB- flowers -RRB- , cones or other stems etc. .
Vegetables from stems are asparagus , bamboo shoots , cactus pads or nopalitos , kohlrabi , and water chestnut .
Maple sugar is obtained from trunks of maple trees .
Bast fibers for textiles and rope are obtained from stems include flax , hemp , jute and ramie .
Cellulose from tree trunks is a food additive in bread , grated Parmesan cheese , and other processed foods .
Tannins used for tanning leather are obtained from the wood of certain trees , such as quebracho .
There are thousands of species whose stems have economic uses .
Some ornamental plants are grown mainly for their attractive stems , e.g. :
Wood is a used in thousands of ways , e.g. buildings , furniture , boats , airplanes , wagons , car parts , musical instruments , sports equipment , railroad ties , utility poles , fence posts , pilings , toothpicks , matches , plywood , coffins , shingles , barrel staves , toys , tool handles , picture frames , veneer , charcoal and firewood .
Rubber is obtained from the trunks of Hevea brasiliensis .
Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro .
Resins from conifer wood are used to produce turpentine and rosin .
Agnes was also the only Category 1 hurricane to be retired at the time , and one of 5 today -LRB- other Category ones were Cesar , Klaus , Noel , and Stan -RRB- .
Hurricane Agnes was the first tropical storm and first hurricane of the 1972 Atlantic hurricane season .
Rolihlahla Mandela became the first member of his family to attend a school , where his teacher Miss Mdingane gave him the English name `` Nelson '' .
It is located on the northern banks of the Ottawa River , immediately across from Ottawa , Ontario , and together they form Canada 's National Capital Region .
Gatineau is a city in western Quebec , Canada .
Ottawa and Gatineau comprise a single Census Metropolitan Area .
A stream cipher generates successive elements of the keystream based on an internal state .
For example , if a 128-bit block cipher received separate 32-bit bursts of plaintext , three quarters of the data transmitted would be padding .
Various schemes have been proposed to increase the security of LFSRs .
The use of LFSRs on their own , however , is insufficient to provide good security .
In the most common form , binary digits are used -LRB- bits -RRB- , and the keystream is combined with the plaintext using the exclusive or operation -LRB- XOR -RRB- .
Stream ciphers typically execute at a higher speed than block ciphers and have lower hardware complexity .
Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers .
Another approach is to tag the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output .
Single-digit errors are limited in their effect , affecting only up to N plaintext digits .
A one-time pad uses a keystream of completely random digits .
An alternative name is a state cipher , as the encryption of each digit is dependent on the current state .
Another approach to improving the security of an LFSR is to pass the entire state of a single LFSR into a non-linear filtering function .
In a stream cipher the plaintext digits are encrypted one at a time , and the transformation of successive digits varies during the encryption .
The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
To restore synchronisation , various offsets can be tried systematically to obtain the correct decryption .
Various properties of such a combining function are critical for ensuring the security of the resultant scheme , for example , in order to avoid correlation attacks .
If a block cipher -LRB- not operating in a stream cipher mode -RRB- were to be used in this type of application , the designer would need to choose either transmission efficiency or implementation complexity , since block ciphers can not directly work on blocks shorter than their block size .
If digits are added or removed from the message during transmission , synchronisation is lost .
In a synchronous stream cipher a stream of pseudo-random digits is generated independently of the plaintext and ciphertext messages , and then combined with the plaintext -LRB- to encrypt -RRB- or the ciphertext -LRB- to decrypt -RRB- .
Another approach uses several of the previous N ciphertext digits to compute the keystream .
In practice , the digits are typically single bits or bytes .
However , this comes at a cost : because the keystream is now pseudorandom , and not truly random , the proof of security associated with the one-time pad no longer holds : it is quite possible for a stream cipher to be completely insecure .
Such schemes are known as self-synchronizing stream ciphers , asynchronous stream ciphers or ciphertext autokey -LRB- CTAK -RRB- .
This can be alleviated by buffering the output .
In a synchronous stream cipher , the sender and receiver must be exactly in step for decryption to be successful .
An example of a self-synchronising stream cipher is a block cipher in cipher feedback -LRB- CFB -RRB- mode .
The idea of self-synchronization was patented in 1946 , and has the advantage that the receiver will automatically synchronise with the keystream generator after receiving N ciphertext digits , making it easier to recover if digits are dropped or added to the message stream .
Based on this key , it generates a pseudorandom keystream which can be combined with the plaintext digits in a similar fashion to the one-time pad .
This output is then -LRB- in some versions -RRB- combined with the output of a third LFSR clocked at a regular rate .
Instead of a linear driving device , one may use a nonlinear update function .
A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient key â '' 128 bits , for example .
One approach to introducing non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly , controlled by the output of a second LFSR .
RC4 is the most widely used stream cipher in software ; others include : A5\/1 , A5\/2 , Chameleon , FISH , Helix , ISAAC , MUGI , Panama , Phelix , Pike , SEAL , SOBER , SOBER-128 and WAKE .
However , stream ciphers can be susceptible to serious security problems if used incorrectly : see stream cipher attacks â '' in particular , the same starting state must never be used twice .
This mechanism suffers from timing attacks on the second generator , since the speed of the output is variable in a manner that depends on the second generator 's state .
One LFSR is clocked if the output of a second is a `` 1 '' , otherwise it repeats its previous output .
Normally LFSRs are stepped regularly .
If , however , a digit is corrupted in transmission , rather than added or lost , only a single digit in the plaintext is affected and the error does not propagate to other parts of the message .
Binary stream ciphers are often constructed using linear feedback shift registers -LRB- LFSRs -RRB- because they can be easily implemented in hardware and can be readily analyzed mathematically .
Such generators include the stop-and-go generator , the alternating step generator and the shrinking generator .
Because LFSRs are inherently linear , one technique for removing the linearity is to feed the outputs of several parallel LFSRs into a non-linear Boolean function to form a combination generator .
This property is useful when the transmission error rate is high ; however , it makes it less likely the error would be detected without further mechanisms .
In cryptography , a stream cipher is a symmetric key cipher where plaintext bits are combined with a pseudorandom cipher bit stream -LRB- keystream -RRB- , typically by an exclusive-or -LRB- xor -RRB- operation .
Moreover , because of this property , synchronous stream ciphers are very susceptible to active attacks â '' if an attacker can change a digit in the ciphertext , he might be able to make predictable changes to the corresponding plaintext bit ; for example , flipping a bit in the ciphertext causes the same bit to be flipped in the plaintext .
Block ciphers operate on large blocks of digits with a fixed , unvarying transformation .
The stop-and-go generator -LRB- Beth and Piper , 1984 -RRB- consists of two LFSRs .
Block ciphers must be used in ciphertext stealing or residual block termination mode to avoid padding , while stream ciphers eliminate this issue by naturally operating on the smallest unit that can be transmitted -LRB- usually bytes -RRB- .
Another advantage of stream ciphers in military cryptography is that the cipher stream can be generated in a separate box that is subject to strict security measures and fed to other devices , e.g. a radio set , which will perform the xor operation as part of their function .
For example , Klimov and Shamir proposed triangular functions -LRB- T-Functions -RRB- with a single cycle on n bit words .
Stream ciphers are often used for their speed and simplicity of implementation in hardware , and in applications where plaintext comes in quantities of unknowable lengthâ '' for example , a secure wireless connection .
This is termed a binary additive stream cipher .
Denis Law -LRB- born 24 February 1940 -RRB- is a retired Scottish football player , who enjoyed a long and successful career as a striker from the 1950s to the 1970s .
Shogi , also known as Japanese chess , is a two-player board game in the same family as Western chess , chaturanga , and Chinese Xiangqi , and is the most popular of a family of chess variants native to Japan .
In early years , however , shogi was written è æ # -LRB- the same as Xiangqi , `` elephant chess '' -RRB- .
Shogi in its present form was played as early as the 16th century , while a direct ancestor without the `` drop rule '' was recorded from 1210 in a historical document NichÅ `` reki , which is an edited copy of ShÅ chÅ `` reki and KaichÅ `` reki from the late Heian period -LRB- ca 1120 -RRB- .
The earliest predecessor of the game , chaturanga , originated in India in the 6th century , and spread from China to Japan , where it spawned a number of variants .
According to ChessVariants.com , `` Perhaps the enduring popularity of Shogi can be attributed to its ` drop rule ' ; it was the first chess variant wherein captured pieces could be returned to the board to be used as one 's own .
David Pritchard credits the drop rule to the practice of 16th century mercenaries who switched loyalties when capturedâ '' no doubt as an alternative to execution . ''
The Venezuelan Sylph -LRB- Aglaiocercus berlepschi -RRB- is a small bird in the hummingbird family , Trochilidae .
It is restricted to a small area of north-eastern Venezuela and is classed as an endangered species by BirdLife International .
It is sometimes considered to be a subspecies of the Long-tailed Sylph -LRB- A. kingi -RRB- .
The Long-tailed Sylph is similar in appearance but does not overlap in range .
The throat is blue and the outer tail-feathers are violet , becoming blue towards the tips .
The tail is shorter than that of the male but still fairly long and slightly forked .
The female is 9.5-11 centimetres long .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
Its plumage is mostly irridescent green .
Females have a rufous breast and belly .
Females have a blue crown and white throat , breast and belly .
The male is 22 centimetres in length with the elongated outer tail-feathers accounting for 14-15 centimetres .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Jari Kurri reached 600 goals in his career , finishing with 601 .
The Vancouver Canucks and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim opened the season with a two-game series in Tokyo , Japan ; this was the first time the NHL played games outside of North America .
Ath is located along N56 road .
Quincy is the birthplace of former U.S. Presidents John Adams and John Quincy Adams , as well as statesman John Hancock , fourth and longest serving President of the Continental Congress .
Quincy is named for Colonel John Quincy , maternal grandfather of Abigail Adams and after whom John Quincy Adams was also named .
Lenny tracked generally east over the Caribbean , and is the only storm recorded to have done so for an extended period of time and by November 15 , Lenny had intensified to hurricane strength and was just south of Jamaica . Later that day , the National Hurricane Center upgraded Lenny to a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane scale .
They were replaced in the 2005 season by Franklin and Lee .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1999 . The names not retired from this list were used again in the 2005 season .
A tropical depression that formed in the Bay of Campeche on August 18 reached tropical storm strength late on August 19 .
The 1999 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1999 , and lasted until November 30 , 1999 .
It is the same list used for the 1993 season .
Cindy turned north-northwestward , now showing a well-defined eye , and reached category 4 intensity with winds of 140 mph -LRB- 220 km\/h -RRB- .
Emily briefly restrengthened on August 27 , although approaching Hurricane Cindy caused the system to weaken further . On August 28 , the storm deteriorated to tropical depression status , and shortly thereafter Emily was absorbed by Hurricane Cindy .
Katrina formed in the southern Caribbean as a tropical depression on October 27 .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 2000 : Floyd and Lenny .
Lenny weakened to a tropical depression in the open Atlantic two days later and dissipated on November 23 .
It made landfall at Puerto Cabezas , Nicaragua , during the time it was a tropical storm .
It weakened back to a Category 1 storm , only to rapidly strengthen to its maximum pressure just as it made landfall on the south coast of Saint Croix on November 17 .
The storm died over the Yucatan Peninsula on November 1 as it was absorbed by a cold front .
The storm continued inland and dissipated over northern Mexico on August 25 .
Jasseines is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Loches-sur-Ource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Courcemont is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
She is a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party , an affiliate of the Democratic Party .
She is the first elected female senator from Minnesota and was one of seventeen female senators who served in the 111th United States Congress .
Klobuchar became the first elected female Senator from Minnesota .
The Memorial Cup is a junior ice hockey club championship trophy awarded annually to the Canadian Hockey League -LRB- CHL -RRB- champion .
It is awarded following a four-team , round robin tournament between a host team and the champions of the CHL 's three member leagues : the Ontario Hockey League -LRB- OHL -RRB- , Quebec Major Junior Hockey League -LRB- QMJHL -RRB- and Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- .
On December 18 , 2010 , TÃ 1\/4 rkoÄ lu was traded back to the Orlando Magic along with Jason Richardson and Earl Clark for Vince Carter , Marcin Gortat , MickaÃ `` l PiÃ trus , a 2011 first-round draft pick and $ 3 million cash .
A cash register -LRB- US English -RRB- or till -LRB- British English -RRB- is a mechanical or electronic device for calculating and recording sales transactions , and an attached cash drawer for storing cash . The cash register also usually prints a receipt for the customer .
Woods Hole is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- in the town of Falmouth in Barnstable County , Massachusetts , United States . It lies at the extreme southwest corner of Cape Cod , near Martha 's Vineyard and the Elizabeth Islands .
Pierremande is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hurricane Keith , the strongest hurricane of the 2000 Atlantic hurricane season , was a Caribbean hurricane that caused great damage across Belize and southern Mexico .
Hurricane Keith began as a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on September 16 .
It weakened slightly after its eyewall passed over Ambergris Caye and Caye Caulker , Belize , on October 1 .
The storm was able to intensify to a 90 m hurricane before making its final landfall near Tampico , Mexico on October 5 . Keith dissipated over northeastern Mexico the next day .
The name Keith was retired in the spring of 2001 and was replaced with Kirk , but the name Kirk has yet to be used , as the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season did not have enough storms to reach the name .
It spent two days looping off of Belize 's coast . During this time , it weakened dramatically and was only a tropical storm when it made landfall in Belize .
Conditions became nearly ideal for Keith 's development on September 30 , with little to no shear , a well developed anticyclone over it , and warm Caribbean water temperatures allowing for the storm to strengthen . Keith became a hurricane on September 30 , which was followed by rapid intensification to a 140 mph -LRB- 225 km\/h -RRB- Category 4 hurricane only 18 hours later .
The newly-formed tropical cyclone drifted northwestward , and became Tropical Storm Keith on September 29 .
At the Gates is a Melodic death metal band from Gothenburg , Sweden , and a major progenitor of the Gothenburg death metal sound .
The Age of Discovery , also known as the Age of Exploration , was a period in history starting in the early 15th century and continuing into the early 17th century during which Europeans engaged in intensive exploration of the world , establishing direct contacts with Africa , the Americas , Asia and Oceania and mapping the planet .
Laon is the capital city of the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Geographically , Scotland is divided into three distinct areas : the Highlands , the Central plain -LRB- Central Belt -RRB- , and the Southern Uplands . The Lowlands cover roughly the latter two .
Leandro Montera da Silva , or simply Leandro -LRB- born February 12 , 1985 -RRB- , is a Brazilian striker .
Bradford Association Football Club , previously also known as Bradford -LRB- Park Avenue -RRB- and since its reformation in the 1970s now referred to as Bradford Park Avenue , is a football club based in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England .
Yeats said , `` the place that has really influenced my life most is Sligo . '' He is buried in North County Sligo , `` Under Ben Bulben '' , in Drumcliffe .
An apple pie is a fruit pie -LRB- or tart -RRB- in which the principal filling ingredient is apples .
It is sometimes served with whipped cream or ice cream on top .
The current developer is Eugene Roshal , while his brother Alexander Roshal is engaged in running the business behind the software .
WinRAR is a shareware file archiver and data compression utility developed by Eugene Roshal , and first released in autumn of 1993 .
Acton Town is a London Underground station in Acton , west London , served by the Piccadilly and District lines .
The station is at the junction of Gunnersbury Lane -LRB- A4000 -RRB- and Bollo Lane and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
This term is used in particular for the practice of collecting autographs of celebrities .
The hobby of collecting autographs is known as philography .
In May 1997 , Air Nostrum signed an agreement with Iberia to become an Iberia franchise .
Air Nostrum , LÃ neas AÃ reas del MediterrÃ neo , S.A. , also known as Iberia Regional , is a regional airline based in Valencia , Spain . Air Nostrum is an independent carrier which operates as a franchisee of Iberia Airlines .
Mount Shasta has an explosive , eruptive history . There are fumaroles on the mountain , which show that Mount Shasta is still alive .
Traditional artists ' canvas is made from linen , but less expensive cotton fabric has gained popularity .
This can be done with a rag and some turpentine for a certain time while the paint is wet , but after a while , the hardened layer must be scraped . Oil paint dries by oxidation , not evaporation , and is usually dry to the touch within a span of two weeks .
Often an oil such as linseed was boiled with a resin such as pine resin or even frankincense ; these were called ` varnishes ' and were prized for their body and gloss . Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil , walnut oil , and safflower oil .
It is generally dry enough to be varnished in six months to a year .
Oil paint is usually mixed with linseed oil , artist grade mineral spirits or other solvents to create a thinner , faster or slower drying paint . A basic rule of oil paint application is ` fat over lean . '
These additional media can aid the painter in adjusting the translucency of the paint , the sheen of the paint , the density or ` body ' of the paint , and the ability of the paint to hold or conceal the brushstroke . These variables are closely related to the expressive capacity of oil paint .
The linseed oil itself comes from the flax seed , a common fiber crop . It is interesting to note that linen , an important `` support '' for oil painting -LRB- see below -RRB- also comes from the flax plant .
Oil painting is the process of painting with pigments that are bound with a medium of drying oil â '' especially in early modern Europe , linseed oil .
Art conservators do not consider an oil painting completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
Mann 's father died in 1891 , and his trading firm was liquidated .
Atlantic Records -LRB- Atlantic Recording Corporation -RRB- is an American record label best known for its many recordings of rhythm and blues , rock and roll , and jazz .
Ligornetto is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
On the July 15 , 2009 the merger of Vueling and Clickair was completed . The new merged airline operates under the Vueling brand , with Clickair flights and aircraft re-branded under the Vueling name .
The origin of eating tteokguk on New Year 's Day is unknown .
The term foreign worker is generally used in the United States to refer to someone fitting the international -LRB- UN -RRB- definition of a migrant worker while the term migrant worker is considered someone who regularly works away from home , if they have a home at all .
Structural engineering is a field of engineering dealing with the analysis and design of structures that support or resist loads .
Structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures .
Structural building engineering includes all structural engineering related to the design of buildings .
It became a more defined and formalised profession with the emergence of the architecture profession as distinct from the engineering profession during the industrial revolution in the late 19th Century .
Entry-level structural engineers may design the individual structural elements of a structure , for example the beams , columns , and floors of a building .
More experienced engineers would be responsible for the structural design and integrity of an entire system , such as a building .
Structural engineers often specialize in particular fields , such as bridge engineering , building engineering , pipeline engineering , industrial structures , or special mechanical structures such as vehicles or aircraft .
Structural engineers are most commonly involved in the design of buildings and large nonbuilding structures but they can also be involved in the design of machinery , medical equipment , vehicles or any item where structural integrity affects the item 's function or safety .
The earliest version of Sketches by Boz was published by John Macrone in two series : the first as a two-volume set in February 1836 , just a month before the publication of the first number of The Pickwick Papers -LRB- 1836-37 -RRB- , and a `` Second Series '' in August 1836 .
When Macrone died unexpectantly at age 28 Dickens helped to publish a book -LRB- Pic-Nic Papers -RRB- to benefit Macrone 's widow and children .
Sketches by `` Boz , '' Illustrative of Every-day Life and Every-day People -LRB- commonly known as Sketches by Boz -RRB- is a collection of short pieces published by Charles Dickens in 1836 accompanied by illustrations by George Cruikshank .
After Dickens ' fame skyrocketed he was able to buy out his agreements with Macrone .
Jacobabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Jacobabad District , Sindh , Pakistan .
At the age of three , after his father 's death , Saroyan was placed in the orphanage in Oakland , California , together with his brother and sister , an experience he later described in his writing .
Saroyan was born in Fresno , California to Armenian immigrants from Bitlis in the Ottoman Empire -LRB- now Turkey -RRB- .
Five years later , the family reunited in Fresno , where his mother , Takoohi , secured work at a cannery .
William Saroyan -LRB- ; Vilyam Sarohan ; 31 August 1908 -- 18 May 1981 -RRB- was an Armenian American dramatist and author .
In early 2000 , Microsoft merged the team working on Neptune with that developing Windows Odyssey , the upgrade to Windows 2000 for business customers .
The combined team worked on a new project codenamed Whistler , which was released at the end of 2001 as Windows XP .
Neptune was the codename for a version of the Windows operating system that was under development by Microsoft during 1999 . It was based on Windows 2000 and was scheduled to be the first consumer version of Windows to be built on NT code , to replace the Windows 9x series .
KÃ 1\/4 lama is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Rehman was born on 14 October 1983 in Birmingham .
The white bass or sand bass -LRB- Morone chrysops -RRB- is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae .
It is the state fish of Oklahoma .
The population was 170 at the 2000 census .
Kappa is a village in Woodford County , Illinois , United States .
Between Clays Ferry in Madison County and Frankfort , the river passes through the Kentucky River Palisades , a series of dramatic steep gorges approximately 100 mi -LRB- 160 km -RRB- in length .
It is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville , in Lee County , by the confluence of the North , Middle and South Forks at about 670 feet -LRB- 204 m -RRB- elevation , and flows generally northwest , in a highly meandering course through the mountains , through the Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
According to Robert F. Collins of the United States Forest Service , Dr. Thomas Walker named the river , in 1750 , Louisa River , after Princess Louisa , the wife of Prince William Augustus , Duke of Cumberland -LRB- Walker had just named the Cumberland River a month or two earlier -RRB- .
At High Bridge , it is joined by the Dix River .
It joins the Ohio at Carrollton .
At Frankfort , it is joined by Benson Creek .
Approximately 10 mi -LRB- 15 km -RRB- north of Frankfort , it is joined by Elkhorn Creek .
Approximately 20 mi -LRB- 30 km -RRB- southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by Silver Creek .
Approximately 15 mi -LRB- 25 km -RRB- southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by the Red River .
Over time the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River .
Sint-Katelijne-Waver -LRB- old spelling : Kathelijne-Waver , French Wavre-Sainte-Catherine -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp . The municipality comprises the towns of Onze-Lieve-Vrouw-Waver and Sint-Katelijne-Waver proper .
Bocholt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
The sea slug Glaucus atlanticus also feeds on the Portuguese Man o ' War , as does the violet snail Janthina janthina .
The skin of the turtle is too thick for the Portuguese Man o ' War sting to penetrate and launch its venom .
The name `` man-of-war '' is borrowed from the man-of-war , a 16th century English armed sailing ship .
The Portuguese Man o ' War is often found with a variety of marine fish , including shepherd fish , clownfish and yellow jack , species that are rarely found elsewhere .
The blanket octopus is immune to the venom of the Portuguese Man o ' War , and they have been known to rip off its tentacles and use them for defensive purposes .
The Loggerhead Turtle feeds on the Portuguese Man o ' War , a common part of the Loggerhead 's diet .
These fish benefit from the shelter from predators provided by the stinging tentacles , and for the Portuguese Man o ' War the presence of these species may attract other fish to feed on .
The Portuguese Man o ' War -LRB- Physalia physalis -RRB- , also known as the Portuguese man-of-war , man-of-war , or bluebottle , is a jelly-like marine invertebrate of the family Physaliidae .
The clownfish can swim among the tentacles with impunity , possibly due to its mucus that does not trigger the nematocysts .
The shepherd fish seems to avoid the larger , stinging tentacles , but feeds on the smaller tentacles beneath the gas bladder .
Eino Tamberg -LRB- 27 May 1930 â `` 24 December 2010 -RRB- was an Estonian composer .
In most species , the female does all or most of the nest construction , though the male often helps .
The possibility of a Neptune Orbiter was discussed , yet other than that , no other missions have been given serious thought . As Neptune is a gas giant and has no solid surface , a surface mission such as a lander or rover is impossible .
Voyager 2 studied Neptune 's atmosphere , Neptune 's rings , its magnetosphere , and Neptune 's moons .
Triton was flown by at about 25,000 miles away , and became the last solid world Voyager 2 would explore within the Solar System .
Voyager 2 discovered six moons orbiting Neptune , but only three were photographed in detail : Proteus , Nereid , and Triton .
Triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .
The planetary radio astronomy instrument found that Neptune 's day lasts sixteen hours , seven minutes .
Voyager 2 revealed that Neptune 's atmosphere was very dynamic , even though it receives only 3 % of the sunlight Jupiter receives .
Proteus turned out to be an ellipsoid , as large as an ellipsoid could become without rounding in a sphere .
Also seen in Neptune 's atmosphere at that time was an almond-shaped spot designated D2 , and a bright , quickly moving cloud high above the cloud decks dubbed `` Scooter '' .
Neptune 's magnetosphere was also studied by Voyager 2 .
Voyager 2 also discovered auroras , like on Earth , but much more complex .
In Voyager 2 's last planetary encounter , the spacecraft swooped only 3,000 miles above Neptune 's north pole , the closest approach it made to any body since it left Earth .
A very thin atmosphere was found , as well as thin clouds .
Proteus is very dark in color , almost like soot .
Voyager 2 discovered an anticyclone called the Great Dark Spot , similar to Jupiter 's Great Red Spot and Little Red Spot .
Nereid , though discovered in 1949 , still has very little known about it .
Voyager 2 found four rings and evidence for ring arcs , or incomplete rings above Neptune .
However , images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope revealed that the Great Dark Spot had disappeared .
Several discoveries were made , including the discovery of the Great Dark Spot and Triton 's geysers .
The exploration of Neptune has only begun with one explorer , Voyager 2 , which visited on August 25 , 1989 .
British Rail allocated the number E1000 -LRB- and later E2001 -RRB- to the locomotive following its conversion from gas turbine propulsion .
This locomotive was built by Metropolitan-Vickers , initially as a prototype Gas turbine-electric locomotive , numbered 18100 .
Class 80 was the TOPS classification allocated by British Rail to the prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive .
Masahiro Å hashi -LRB- born June 23 , 1981 in Yokohama , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player , who plays for Gangwon FC .
Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus -LRB- 235 â `` 183 BC -RRB- , also known as Scipio Africanus and Scipio the Elder , was a general in the Second Punic War and statesman of the Roman Republic .
He was best known for defeating Hannibal at the final battle of the Second Punic War at Zama , a feat that earned him the agnomen Africanus , the nickname `` the Roman Hannibal '' , as well as recognition as one of the finest commanders in military history .
This is a category for people from the province of Saskatchewan , Canada .
Merrill is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States , along the Floyd River .
Many cultures have produced laws to define what is considered to be obscene , and censorship is often used to try to suppress or control materials that are obscene under these definitions : usually including , but not limited to , pornographic material .
They may also be closet dramas or literary works written using dramatic forms but not meant for performance .
A playwright , also known as a dramatist , is a person who writes dramatic literature or drama .
The earliest playwrights in Western literature with surviving works are the Ancient Greeks .
These early plays were written for annual Athenian competitions among playwrights held around the 5th century BCE .
Such notables as Aeschylus , Sophocles , Euripides , and Aristophanes established forms still relied on by their modern counterparts .
Raeder attained the highest possible naval rankâ '' that of GroÃ admiral -LRB- Grand Admiral -RRB- â '' in 1939 , becoming the first person to hold that rank since Alfred von Tirpitz .
Erich Johann Albert Raeder -LRB- 24 April 1876-6 November 1960 -RRB- was a naval leader in Germany before and during World War II .
Raeder led the Kriegsmarine -LRB- German Navy -RRB- for the first half of the war , but resigned in 1943 and was replaced by Karl DÃ nitz .
Gestalt therapy was developed by Fritz Perls , Laura Perls and Paul Goodman in the 1940s and 1950s .
Viral meningitis refers to meningitis caused by a viral infection . It is sometimes referred to as `` aseptic meningitis '' in contrast to meningitis caused by bacteria .
It is a part of classical mechanics and was formulated in Newton 's work Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica -LRB- `` the Principia '' -RRB- , first published on 5 July 1687 .
The Baikal Seal or nerpa -LRB- Phoca sibirica -RRB- is found throughout Lake Baikal .
Le Mesnil-au-Grain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Champfleury is a commune in the Aube department in north-eastern France .
A corollary of Faraday 's Law , together with AmpÃ re 's law and Ohm 's law is Lenz 's law : The EMF induced in an electric circuit always acts in such a direction that the current it drives around the circuit opposes the change in magnetic flux which produces the EMF .
Michael Faraday stated that electromotive force -LRB- EMF -RRB- produced around a closed path is proportional to the rate of change of the magnetic flux through any surface bounded by that path .
Schizophreniform disorder is a type of mental illness that is characterized by psychosis and closely related to schizophrenia .
Schizophreniform disorder is a mental disorder diagnosed when symptoms of schizophrenia are present for a significant portion of the time within a one-month period , but signs of disruption are not present for the full six months required for the diagnosis of schizophrenia .
Givenchy-en-Gohelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
is a NASCAR driver who drives the No. 16 3M Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing in the Sprint Cup Series .
Gregory Jack `` Greg '' Biffle -LRB- born December 23 , 1969 in Vancouver , Washington . -RRB-
Wailly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
`` Shire '' also refers , in a narrower sense , to ancient counties with names that ended in `` shire '' . These counties are typically -LRB- though not always -RRB- named after their county town .
As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name , it is in most regions pronounced , or sometimes .
The states of New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland and Western Australia use the term `` Shire '' for this unit .
Individually , or as a suffix in Scotland and in the far northeast of England , the word is pronounced .
`` Shire '' is the most common word in Australia for rural Local Government Areas -LRB- LGA -RRB- .
In Wales , the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the `` shire '' suffix .
Bedfordshire , Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , Cambridgeshire , Cheshire , Derbyshire , Gloucestershire , Hampshire , Herefordshire , Hertfordshire , Huntingdonshire , Lancashire , Lincolnshire , Leicestershire , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire , Oxfordshire , Shropshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire , Wiltshire , Worcestershire , and Yorkshire .
These counties are typically -LRB- though not always -RRB- named after their county town .
`` Shire '' also refers , in a narrower sense , to ancient counties with names that ended in `` shire '' .
The only traditional Welsh county that never takes `` shire '' is Anglesey .
The shire in early days was governed by an Ealdorman and in the later Anglo-Saxon period by royal official known as a `` shire reeve '' or sheriff . The shires were divided into hundreds or wapentakes , although other less common sub-divisions existed .
An encyclical was originally a circular letter sent to all the churches of a particular area in the ancient Catholic Church . At that time , the word could be used for a letter sent out by any bishop .
Danny Phantom centers on the life and adventures of 14-year-old Danny Fenton , an unpopular but good-natured boy attending Casper High School in his small American hometown of Amity Park .
Maninghen-Henne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Heracles , suspecting Atlas did not intend to return , pretended to agree to Atlas ' offer , asking only that Atlas take the sky again for a few minutes so Heracles could rearrange his cloak as padding on his shoulders . When Atlas set down the apples and took the heavens upon his shoulders again , Heracles took the apples and ran away .
In a late story , a giant named Atlas tried to drive a wandering Perseus from the place where the Atlas mountains now stand .
Heracles went to Atlas and offered to hold up the heavens while Atlas got the apples from his daughters .
The territory was subsequently ceded to Britain by Spain under the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 .
An Anglo-Dutch force captured Gibraltar in 1704 during the War of the Spanish Succession .
Floras can mean plant life of an historic era as in fossil flora .
Plants are grouped into floras based on region , period , special environment , or climate .
Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland .
The term `` flora '' comes from Latin language Flora , the goddess of flowers in Roman mythology .
The corresponding term for animal life is fauna .
Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora , and sometimes the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately .
A country is a geographical region , often meaning a political division or state .
There are two types of adhesives that harden by drying : solvent based adhesives and polymer dispersion adhesives , also known as emulsion adhesives .
The Gabon national football team , nicknamed Azingo Nationale , is the national team of Gabon and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration Gabonaise de Football .
The United States Department of Justice -LRB- often referred to as the Justice Department or DOJ -RRB- , is the United States federal executive department responsible for the enforcement of the law and administration of justice , equivalent to the justice or interior ministries of other countries .
She turns around only to see Hallie being stabbed .
The killer crashes the car , killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious . Sidney and her roommate , Hallie -LRB- Elise Neal -RRB- , narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat .
His body is discovered by Gale and Dewey . Gale and Dewey approach the killer , resulting in Dewey being stabbed .
Sidney decides to remove the killer 's mask , but finds the killer gone .
The track was the second music video to be released by the band , although as with their previous single , Through the Fire and Flames , the song is edited to reduce the running time to around 5 minutes compared to the album version of nearly 8 minutes .
`` Operation Ground and Pound '' is the fourth track of power metal band DragonForce 's third album , Inhuman Rampage .
He is credited with being the father of photojournalism .
Mathew B. Brady -LRB- May 18 , 1822 -- January 15 , 1896 -RRB- was one of the most celebrated 19th century American photographers , best known for his portraits of celebrities and his documentation of the American Civil War .
The NPCs will react in a different way to each of them .
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl is a first-person shooter video game by the Ukrainian developer GSC Game World , published in 2007 .
THQ ran a competition in January 2007 offering the winners the chance to play the beta version of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. , in a 24 hour marathon session .
These monsters migrate in large groups .
Numerous tactics can be employed to complete the game , such as rushing or using stealth and sniping .
For instance , rescuing stalkers from danger , destroying stalker renegades , protecting or attacking stalker camps or searching for treasure .
A multiplayer demo was released to the public on March 15 , 2007 .
In late February GSC managed to release a public beta .
The background and some terminology of the game -LRB- `` The Zone '' , `` Stalker '' -RRB- is borrowed from the popular science fiction novella Roadside Picnic by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky and the 1979 Andrei Tarkovsky film Stalker that was loosely based on it , as well as Stalker , the film 's subsequent novelization by the original authors .
In October , 2005 , THQ confirmed that S.T.A.L.K.E.R. would not be out `` until the second half of THQ 's 2007 fiscal year - October 2006 at the earliest . ''
A weather system is integrated into various parts of the landscape and allows a variety of weather effects , such as sunshine , storms and showers .
The weapons available , behavior of the AI , game tactics and ranking systems depend on the weather .
It features an alternate reality theme , where a second nuclear disaster occurs at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the near future and causes strange changes in the area around it .
The game has a non-linear storyline and features gameplay elements such as trading and two-way communication with NPCs .
In February 2006 , THQ revised this possible release window , saying the game would not be in stores until the first quarter of 2007 .
In February 2005 , THQ expressed a desire to see the game released toward the end of its 2006 fiscal year -LRB- March 31 , 2006 -RRB- but maintained that no release date had been set .
On the morning of the event , the winners were met at the venue by the THQ staff that had organized the event , who were embarrassed to report that they had been unable to get any copies of the game .
ALife supports more than one thousand characters inhabiting the Zone .
In an interview at the Russian Gameland Awards , PR Manager Oleg Yavorsky indicated that release was planned for September 2006 .
The X-ray engine uses GSC Game World 's proprietary ALife artificial intelligence engine .
The NPCs have a full life cycle -LRB- task accomplishment , combat , rest , feeding and sleep -RRB- and the same applies to the many monsters living in the Zone -LRB- hunting , attacking stalkers and other monsters , resting , eating , sleeping -RRB- .
Meanwhile hundreds of screenshots of the game had been released , as well as a dozen preview video clips , accompanied by other forms of promotion by GSC , such as inviting fans to their offices in Kiev to play the current build of the game .
The event , scheduled to take place on January 24 , 2007 , was subsequently changed to a 12 hour session days before it was supposed to occur .
The non-scripted nature of the characters means that there are an unlimited number of random quests .
The game was first announced in November 2001 and had its release date , originally in 2003 , pushed back several times .
For example , if the Atlas V version is 552 , this means that the fairing is five meters , has five solid rocket boosters , and has two Centaur engines .
Manon is an opÃ ra comique in five acts by Jules Massenet to a French libretto by Henri Meilhac and Philippe Gille , based on the 1731 novel Lâ histoire du chevalier des Grieux et de Manon Lescaut by the AbbÃ PrÃ vost . It was first performed at the OpÃ ra-Comique in Paris on January 19 , 1884 .
Of the ranges extending southwestward from the Hindu Kush , the Foladi peak -LRB- Shah Fuladi -RRB- of the Baba mountain range -LRB- Koh-i-Baba -RRB- reaches the greatest height : 5142 m. The Safed Koh range , which includes the Tora Bora area , dominates the border area southeast of Kabul .
The Cucurbitales are an order of flowering plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons .
Specifically , the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species , such as squash , pumpkin -LRB- both from Cucurbita -RRB- , watermelon -LRB- Citrullus vulgaris -RRB- and other melons , and cucumber -LRB- Cucumis -RRB- .
The large families of Cucurbitales include several economically important plants .
This order mostly belongs to tropical areas , with limited presence in subtropic and temperate regions .
The order includes various shrubs and trees , together with many herbs and climbers .
His work , often taken on the nude beaches of California and France , has been the subject of controversy .
Jock Sturges -LRB- born 1947 -RRB- is an American photographer , best known for his images of adolescents .
The Indian Ocean race , P. a. indicus , was at one time considered a full species , the Lesser Red-billed Tropicbird from Pakistan and western India .
The Red-billed Tropicbird , Phaethon aethereus , also known as the Boatswain Bird is a tropicbird , one of three closely related seabirds of tropical oceans .
Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan .
Subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page -LRB- such as the talk page of either this nomination or the nominated user -RRB- .
Please do not modify it .
No further edits should be made to this page .
The above adminship discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion .
Alekine wrote over twenty books on chess .
The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species -LRB- also known as the IUCN Red List or Red Data List -RRB- , founded in 1963 , is the world 's most comprehensive inventory of the global conservation status of plant and animal species .
The International Union for Conservation of Nature -LRB- IUCN -RRB- is the world 's main authority on the conservation status of species .
Yu Eto is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sagan Tosu .
Walter William Walsh -LRB- April 30 , 1897 to January 15 , 1966 -RRB- was a Major League Baseball player .
Walsh only played two games , never getting an at-bat for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1920 .
He was used as a pinch runner in the two games he played .
As a probability distribution , it is known as the Cauchy distribution , while among physicists , it is known as the Lorentz distribution , Lorentz -LRB- ian -RRB- function , or Breitâ `` Wigner distribution .
The Cauchy distribution is an infinitely divisible probability distribution .
The Cauchyâ `` Lorentz distribution , named after Augustin Cauchy and Hendrik Lorentz , is a continuous probability distribution .
Makoto Atsuta is a retired Japanese football player .
In computer science , ZISC stands for Zero Instruction Set Computer , which refers to a chip technology based on pure pattern matching and absence of -LRB- micro - -RRB- instructions in the classical sense .
Mexico Beach is located at .
Hasan GÃ khan Å aÅ -LRB- born 1 August 1976 in KarataÅ , Adana -RRB- is a former Turkish international football player , most commonly known for his time at Galatasaray .
John Henry Foster `` Jack '' Babcock -LRB- July 23 , 1900 â `` February 18 , 2010 -RRB- was , at age 109 , the last known surviving veteran of the Canadian military to have served in the First World War , and after the death of Harry Patch was the conflict 's oldest surviving veteran .
Despite its roots , savate is a relatively safe sport to learn .
According to USA Savate , `` savate ranks lower in number of injuries when compared to American football , ice hockey , football , gymnastics , basketball , baseball and inline skating '' .
He then trained in boxing for a time before combining boxing with chausson and savate to create the sport of savate -LRB- or boxe franÃ aise , as we know it today -RRB- .
Savate , also known as boxe franÃ aise , French boxing , French kickboxing or French footfighting , is a French martial art which uses the hands and feet as weapons combining elements of western boxing with graceful kicking techniques .
This type of savate was known as savate de rue .
Paullina is a city in O'Brien County , Iowa , United States .
The Red Army Faction -LRB- German : Rote Armee Fraktion -RRB- , shortened to RAF and in its early stages commonly known as Baader-Meinhof Group , was one of postâ `` World War 2 Germany 's most violent and prominent left wing terror groups .
The RAF was founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader , Gudrun Ensslin , Horst Mahler , and Ulrike Meinhof .
The RAF described itself as a communist and anti-imperialist `` urban guerrilla '' group engaged in armed resistance against what they deemed to be a fascist state .
The Vectrex was also released in Japan under the name Bandai Vectrex Kousokusen .
Peake 's mother was an Army nurse , and his brother was a naval aviator .
Peake grew up in a US military family .
In 2004 , he retired from a 38-year United States Army career .
At the age of 18 , he set upon his own Army career when he was accepted to West Point .
Awards and decorations that Peake has received include the Distinguished Service Medal -LRB- with oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Silver Star , Defense Superior Service Medal , Legion of Merit -LRB- with three oak leaf clusters -RRB- , Bronze Star with `` V '' device -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Purple Heart -LRB- with oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Meritorious Service Medal -LRB- with two oak leaf clusters -RRB- , Air Medal , Joint Services Commendation Medal , Army Commendation Medal with `` V '' device -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Humanitarian Service Medal , the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal , Combat Infantryman Badge , Combat Medical Badge , Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation , Joint Meritorious Unit Award -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Senior Parachutist Badge , Pathfinder Badge , Ranger Tab and Army Staff Identification Badge .
After retiring from the Army , Peake served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Project Hope , a non-profit international health foundation operating in more than 30 countries .
His father began as an enlisted man in the Army , and became an officer who spent most of his 30-year career in the Medical Service Corps .
Peake received his Bachelor of Science degree from U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1966 and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army Infantry .
While at Project HOPE he helped to orchestrate the use of civilian volunteers aboard the Navy Hospital Ship Mercy as it responded to the Tsunami disaster in Indonesia and also as part of the Hurricane Katrina response aboard the Hospital Ship Comfort .
He retired from the Army in 2004 , as a Lieutenant General .
James Benjamin Peake -LRB- born June 18 , 1944 -RRB- is a former United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs , serving from 2007 to 2009 .
Peake served for four years as the United States Army Surgeon General .
He was awarded a medical doctorate in 1972 .
Just prior to his nomination as Secretary of Veterans Affairs , Peake served as Chief Medical Officer and Chief Executive Officer for QTC , one of the largest private providers of government-outsourced occupational health and disability examination services in the nation .
After Vietnam , he attended Cornell University 's Weill Cornell Medical College .
He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 14 , 2007 and sworn in at VA headquarters by Vice President Dick Cheney on December 20 .
Peake 's selection as VA secretary was announced on October 30 , 2007 .
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
Following service in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division where he was awarded the Silver Star , a Bronze Star with â Vâ device and the Purple Heart with oak leaf cluster , Peake entered medical school at Cornell University in New York .
Previous key assignments include Commander , U.S. Army Medical Department Center and School and Installation Commander , Fort Sam Houston , Texas ; Deputy Commander , U.S. Army Medical Command , Fort Sam Houston , Texas ; Commanding General , Madigan Army Medical Center\/Northwest Health Service Support Activity , Tacoma , Washington ; Commanding General , 44th Medical Brigade\/Corps Surgeon , XVIII Airborne Corps , Fort Bragg , North Carolina ; Deputy Director , Professional Services\/Chief , Consultant , Office of the Surgeon General , Falls Church , Virginia ; Commander , 18th Medical Command and 121st Evacuation Hospital\/Command Surgeon , Seoul , Korea ; Deputy Commander for Clinical Services , Tripler Army Medical Center , Honolulu , Hawaii ; Assistant Chief , Cardiothoracic Surgery , Brooke Army Medical Center , Fort Sam Houston , Texas ; Staff General Surgeon\/Chief , General Surgery Clinic , DeWitt Army Hospital , Fort Belvoir , Virginia ; and General Surgery Resident , Brooke Army Medical Center , Fort Sam Houston , Texas .
He also served as commander of several Army medical units .
Peake was born in St. Louis , Missouri .
He is also a graduate of the United States Army War College , in 1988 .
Michio Yasuda -LRB- born November 10 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Schrock is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , National Academy of Sciences and was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University in 2007 .
Schrock carbenes are named after Schrock .
Schrock was the first to elucidate the structure and mechanism of so called ` black box ' olefin metathesis catalysts .
He holds a B.A. -LRB- 1967 -RRB- from the University of California , Riverside and a Ph. . D. -LRB- 1971 -RRB- from Harvard University .
In 2005 , Schrock received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , with Robert H. Grubbs and Yves Chauvin , for his work in the area of olefin metathesis , an organic synthesis technique .
In 1972 , he was hired by DuPont , where he worked at the Experimental Station in Wilmington , Delaware in the group of George Parshall .
He married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children , Andrew and Eric .
At Harvard he studied under J.A. Osborn .
Nancy Schrock is the Thomas F. Peterson , Jr. .
He has held his current post , the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry , at MIT since 1989 .
Richard Royce Schrock -LRB- born 4 January 1945 -RRB- is an American chemist and Nobel laureate recognized for his contributions to the metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry .
Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries .
Born in Berne , Indiana , Schrock went to Mission Bay High School in San Diego , California .
He joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and became full professor in 1980 .
The family lives in Winchester , Massachusetts .
Composers such as Orlando Gibbons , John Blow , Sigismund von Neukomm , and Henry Purcell wrote voluntaries , although sometimes they preferred to use other titles such as fancy -LRB- an English form of the Italian word fantasia -RRB- , or even fugue .
The music that an organist plays before and after a service is always called a voluntary .
In music a voluntary is a piece of music , usually for organ , which is played as part of a church service .
However , these fugues were not composed in the proper fugue style : they just started off with imitation as in a fugue , but continued in a freer style .
The title was often used by English composers in the late Renaissance or Baroque periods for a piece of organ music that was free in style , i.e. it did not have to be composed in a strict form such as sonata form or a fugue .
The word â voluntaryâ can be used for the title of a piece of music .
Myspace also enabled users to integrate their Myspace activity to their Twitter and Facebook accounts , to attract and show others that they are still on Myspace and to bring users back to Myspace .
Myspace , stylized My _____ and previously MySpace , is a social networking website . Its headquarters are in Beverly Hills , California where it shares an office building with its immediate owner , News Corp. .
Myspace also enabled users to integrate their Myspace activity to their Twitter and Facebook accounts , to attract and show others that they are still on Myspace and to bring users back to Myspace . Myspace Movies was also added to promote movies and movie related media .
Eiji Takada -LRB- born 21 October 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is the largest citrus fruit , 15 â `` 25 cm in diameter , and usually weighing 1 â `` 2 kg .
It is usually pale green to yellow when ripe , with sweet white -LRB- or , more rarely , pink or red -RRB- flesh and very thick glomish .
The pomelo -LRB- Citrus maxima or Citrus grandis -RRB- is a citrus fruit native to Southeast Asia .
The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association -LRB- BGEA -RRB- is an organization started by the Rev. Billy Graham in 1950 .
The main focus of the BGEA is to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ to as many people as possible .
A medical illustrator is a professional artist who interprets and creates visual material to help record and disseminate medical , biological and related knowledge .
In the late 1890s , Max BrÃ del , a talented artist from Leipzig , was brought to The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in Baltimore to illustrate for Harvey Cushing , William Halstead , Howard Kelly , and other notable clinicians .
As a profession , medical illustration has a more recent history .
Medical illustrators not only produce such material but can also function as consultants and administrators within the field of biocommunication .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,332 people , 4,931 households , and 3,535 families residing in the county .
As of November 2008 , there are 9074 registered voters , the Democratic Party 5529 -LRB- 61 % -RRB- holds a large advantage over the Republican Party 2853 -LRB- 31 % -RRB- .
The median age was 40 years .
There were 7,587 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile -LRB- 5\/km Â -RRB- .
Gulf County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
Males had a median income of $ 27,539 versus $ 20,780 for females .
Gulf County is heavily Democratic .
Gulf County , created in 1925 , was named for the Gulf of Mexico .
Its county seat is Port St. Joe , Florida .
25.50 % of all households were made up of individuals and 11.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2005 estimate for the county is 13,975 .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,276 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,289 .
Other examples include Idaho County , Idaho , and Malheur County , Oregon , having parts in both Mountain and Pacific time zones as well as Cherry County , Nebraska which is in both the Mountain and Central Time Zones .
The population density was 24 people per square mile -LRB- 9\/km Â -RRB- .
As of 2000 , the population was 13,332 .
2.03 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
However , the county tends to vote Republican in statewide and national elections .
In 2004 , Gulf County re-elected President George W. Bush by a 2 to 1 margin .
The per capita income for the county was $ 14,449 .
Despite remaining a Democratic stronghold , In the 2008 Presidential election John McCain carried the county with 69 % of the vote .
By way of the Intracoastal Waterway , Gulf County is one of a small number of counties in the United States to be under two time zones , Eastern and Central in this case .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 116.70 males .
For every 100 females there were 114.60 males .
Wewahitchka , was its first county seat and the 1927 Gulf County Courthouse is still in existence .
The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.87 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 744.59 s , of which 554.60 s -LRB- or 74.48 % -RRB- is land and 190.00 s -LRB- or 25.52 % -RRB- is water .
The racial makeup of the county was 79.89 % White , 16.94 % Black or African American , 0.65 % Native American , 0.40 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 0.53 % from other races , and 1.55 % from two or more races .
About 13.70 % of families and 16.70 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.80 % of those under age 18 and 14.10 % of those age 65 or over .
In 1965 the county seat was moved to Port Saint Joe , which under its original name Saint Joseph , had been the site of Florida 's first Constitutional Convention in 1838 .
Republican Steve Southerland represents the county in the US House of Representatives .
In the county the population was spread out with 21.70 % under the age of 18 , 6.80 % from 18 to 24 , 29.40 % from 25 to 44 , 26.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.20 % who were 65 years of age or older .
There were 4,931 households out of which 28.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.50 % were married couples living together , 11.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.30 % were non-families .
It stars Miranda Cosgrove as Carly , Jennette McCurdy as Sam , Nathan Kress as Freddie , Jerry Trainor as Spencer , and Noah Munck as Gibby .
Tin -LRB- IV -RRB- bromide is the chemical compound SnBr4 .
The City of Delta Junction sits on the Delta River at the intersection of the Richardson Highway and the famed Alaska Highway -LRB- actually , the end of the Alaska Highway -RRB- . The city and Delta community lie within the fertile Tanana River valley .
The narrative is seen through the eyes of a teenage girl , Laura Timmins -LRB- Olivia Hallinan -RRB- , as she leaves Lark Rise to start a new life under the wing of her cousin , the independent and effervescent Dorcas Lane -LRB- Julia Sawalha -RRB- , who is Post Mistress at the local Post Office in Candleford .
Lark Rise to Candleford is a British television costume drama series , adapted by the BBC from Flora Thompson 's trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside , published between 1939 and 1943 .
The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD in the UK .
Thomas Linke -LRB- born December 26 , 1969 in SÃ mmerda , Thuringia , East Germany -RRB- is a former German professional footballer , who played as a central defender .
He plays as a scrum-half .
Chris Leck -LRB- born 21 May 1986 in Manchester , England -RRB- is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
West served as acting Secretary from January 2 , 1998 to May 5 , 1998 .
When the post of Secretary is vacant , the United States Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs or any other person designated by the President serves as Acting Secretary until the President nominates and the United States Senate confirms a new Secretary .
The United States Secretary of Veterans ' Affairs is the head of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs , the department concerned with veterans ' benefits and related matters .
He was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on January 20 , 2009 .
On December 8 , 2008 , President Barack Obama announced he would nominate retired army General Eric Shinseki to be the 7th Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
The Secretary is a member of the Cabinet and second to last at 17th in the line of succession to the presidency -LRB- the position was last until the addition of the United States Department of Homeland Security in 2006 -RRB- .
Acting secretary .
To date , all appointees and acting appointees to the post have been United States military veterans , but that is not a requirement to fill the position .
During sexual arousal each gland produces a clear , viscous secretion known as pre-ejaculate .
This fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for spermatozoa to pass through , neutralizing traces of acidic urine in urethra , and helps flush out any residual urine or foreign matter .
They are homologous to Bartholin 's glands in females .
A bulbourethral gland , also called a Cowper 's gland for anatomist William Cowper , is one of two small exocrine glands present in the reproductive system of human males .
Lje represents a palatal lateral \/ Ê \/ , a sound similar -LRB- but not equal -RRB- to the palatalized alveolar lateral which is represented by the digraph Ð Ð and pronounced \/ lÊ \/ like the â llâ in `` million '' .
Bayel is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The station is located in Travelcard Zone 2 .
Limehouse Police Station is nearby , as is St Anne 's Church , built by Nicholas Hawksmoor and boasting London 's tallest church clock tower .
The DLR station was built midway between the site of the old Limehouse and West India Docks stations on the disused London and Blackwall Railway .
To the west is Limehouse station , whilst to the east the DLR splits , with one branch going to Poplar station and the other to West India Quay station .
Westferry DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- , in the Limehouse district of east London .
It is a right tributary of the River RhÃ ne .
The SaÃ ne -LRB- ; Arpitan Sona -RRB- is a river of eastern France .
Rising at ViomÃ nil in the Vosges department , it joins the RhÃ ne in Lyon .
Since 2 March 1987 , ARIA administered its own entirely peer-voted ARIA Music Awards , to `` recognize excellence and innovation in all genres of Australian music '' with an annual ceremony . Initially included in the same awards ceremonies , it established the ARIA Hall of Fame in 1988 and has held separate annual ceremonies since 2005 .
For more information , see ARIA Charts .
At Powhatan 's capital of Matchcot , the English encountered a group of some senior Indian leaders -LRB- but not Powhatan himself , who was away -RRB- .
In March 1617 , Rolfe and Pocahontas boarded a ship to return to Virginia , however , the ship had only gone as far as Gravesend on the River Thames when Pocahontas became gravely ill. .
Pocahontas 's feelings about Rolfe and the marriage are unknown .
Pocahontas often went to the settlement and played games with the boys there .
She was a daughter of Wahunsunacawh , better known as Chief or Emperor Powhatan -LRB- to indicate his primacy -RRB- , who headed a network of tributary tribal nations in the Tidewater region of Virginia -LRB- called Tenakomakah by the Powhatan -RRB- .
Upon her baptism , Pocahontas took the Christian name `` Rebecca '' .
Smith did not meet Pocahontas , but wrote to Queen Anne , the wife of King James , urging that Pocahontas be treated with respect as a royal visitor .
Pocahontas -LRB- c. 1595 â `` March 21 , 1617 -RRB- , later known as Rebecca Rolfe , was a Virginia Indian chief 's daughter notable for having assisted colonial settlers at Jamestown . She converted to Christianity and married the English settler John Rolfe .
Pocahontas believed that account until she learned that he was living in England when she traveled there several years later , already the wife of John Rolfe .
In the fall of 1609 , an injury from a gunpowder explosion forced Smith to return to England for medical care .
When the colonists were starving , `` every once in four or five days , Pocahontas with her attendants brought him -LRB- Smith -RRB- so much provision that saved many of their lives that else for all this had starved with hunger . ''
John Smith was living in London at the time and while Pocahontas was in Plymouth , she learned he was still alive .
The British Rail Class 108 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1958 to 1961 , with a final production quantity of 333 vehicles .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on June 26 , 2006 from observations taken between January and April 2006 .
S\/2006 S 3 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
S\/2006 S 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 21,076.3 Mm in 1142.366 days , at an inclination of 150.8 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 128.8 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.4710 .
It is situated on the Lizard Peninsula between The Lizard and Coverack .
Cadgwith is a village and fishing port in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The First Epistle of Paul to the Thessalonians , usually referred to simply as First Thessalonians and often written 1 Thessalonians , is a book from the New Testament of the Christian Bible .
Chorney played four successful seasons of college hockey at the University of North Dakota .
After spending a season with the Kings , he was signed by the Washington Capitals but failed to earn a spot on the roster .
Marcus P. Chorney -LRB- born November 8 , 1959 in Fort William -LRB- now Thunder Bay -RRB- , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman .
He was named to the NCAA All-Tournament team in 1980 , and two first All Star teams in 1981 .
Chorney was traded to the Los Angeles Kings for a 6th round choice -LRB- Stuart Marston -RRB- in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft .
He began his playing career with the Pittsburgh Penguins who drafted him in the 6th round of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .
The 6-PUL units were designated 6-COR until 1935 -LRB- the COR designation was later used for 4-COR units -RRB- .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designations 6-PUL , 6-CITY and 6-PAN to electric multiple units built to work the routes between London and Brighton , West Worthing and Eastbourne .
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class number .
Australia 's first parliamentary elections were conducted for the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1843 , again with voting rights -LRB- for males only -RRB- tied to property ownership or financial capacity .
Voter rights were extended further in New South Wales in 1850 and elections for legislative councils were held in the colonies of Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
In 1840 , the Adelaide City Council and the Sydney City Council were established .
An innovative secret ballot was introduced in Victoria , Tasmania and South Australia in 1856 , in which the government supplied voting paper containing the names of candidates and voters could select in private . This system was adopted around the world , becoming known as the `` Australian Ballot '' .
In 1855 , limited self government was granted by London to New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
1855 also saw the granting of the right to vote to all male British subjects 21 years or over in South Australia .
The Leader of the Opposition in New Zealand is the politician who , at least in theory , commands the support of the non-government bloc of members in the New Zealand Parliament .
Often , these relate to national security matters , which are supposed to transcend party politics - the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service , for example , is required to brief the Leader of the Opposition as well as the Prime Minister on certain matters .
The Leader of the Opposition does not have a large official role , as most of the post 's functions are ceremonial . Nevertheless , there are several ways in which the Leader of the Opposition participates directly in affairs of state .
The Leader of the Opposition also receives a higher salary than other members of the Opposition , being paid the same amount as a Cabinet Minister .
In the debating chamber the Leader of the Opposition sits directly opposite the Prime Minister .
as of 2010 the Leader of the Opposition is Phil Goff .
By convention , the Leader of the Opposition is the leader of the largest party of the Opposition .
Previously , Wells had worked for Warner Brothers as its Vice President of West Coast in 1969 , then in 1973 as President , and in 1977 as Vice Chairman until he left the company in 1982 .
Reinach is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Recent years has seen many foreign companies opening offices in Å Ã dÅ . Indian IT company Infosys has one of its centres in Å Ã dÅ .
Saint-Vincent-Sterlanges is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Anglicisation , or anglicization -LRB- see - ise vs - ize -RRB- , is the process of converting verbal or written elements of any other language into a form that is more comprehensible to an English speaker , or , more generally , of altering something such that it becomes English in form or character .
Larry Wall -LRB- born September 27 , 1954 -RRB- is a programmer and author , most widely known for his creation of the Perl programming language in 1987 .
Josef `` Jupp '' Posipal -LRB- June 20 , 1927 -- February 21 , 1997 -RRB- was a Romanian-born German footballer who was part of the 1954 FIFA World Cup winning German squad .
In Freud 's psychology , displacement -LRB- from German Verschiebung , literally meaning ` shift ' or ` move ' -RRB- is an unconscious defense mechanism whereby the mind redirects affects from an object felt to be dangerous or unacceptable to an object felt to be safe or acceptable .
In a metal carbon dioxide complexes , CO2 serves as a ligand , which can facilitate the conversion of CO2 to other chemicals .
As part of the carbon cycle known as photosynthesis , plants , algae , and cyanobacteria absorb carbon dioxide , sunlight , and water to produce carbohydrate energy for themselves and oxygen as a waste product . By contrast , during respiration they emit carbon dioxide , as do all other living things that depend either directly or indirectly on plants for food .
Vehari Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
British governance of large swathes of Indian territory began with Robert Clive 's victory over the Nawab of Bengal , Siraj ud-Daulah , at the Battle of Plassey in 1757 .
The victory gave the British East India Company dominion over Bengal , which became the headquarters of British administration in the sub-continent .
After the Indian rebellion of 1857 -LRB- known as the `` Mutiny '' -RRB- , the British government took direct control away from the East India Co. , and established its imperial capital at Calcutta , the city founded by the Company .
Cordebugle -LRB- pro .
Mory is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
FilliÃ vres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hiroyuki Tazawa -LRB- born 29 April 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Camaret-sur-Aigues is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Choudhry Rahmat Ali -LRB- November 16 , 1897 - February , 1951 -RRB- was a Pakistani Muslim nationalist who was one of the earliest proponents of the creation of the state of Pakistan .
Erich `` Ete '' Beer -LRB- born 9 December 1946 -RRB- is a Neustadt bei Coburg-born former German footballer .
Hansell is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
The physics affecting the bullet once it leaves the barrel , is termed external ballistics .
The primary factors affecting the aerodynamics of a bullet in flight are the bullet 's shape and the rotation imparted by the rifling of the gun barrel .
The outcome of the impact is determined by the composition and density of the target material , the angle of incidence , and the velocity and physical characteristics of the bullet itself .
Mould manufacturers such as RCBS , Paul Jones Moulds , and David Mos offer many different calibers and designs .
Bullets must be produced to a high standard , as surface imperfections can affect firing accuracy .
With a mould , bullets can be made at home for reloading one 's own ammunition , where local laws allow .
Bullets must have a surface which will form this seal without causing excessive friction .
Actual bullet shapes are many and varied , and an array of them can be found in any reloading manual that sells bullet moulds .
Cast and jacketed bullets are also commercially available from numerous manufacturers for hand loading and are much more convenient than casting bullets from bulk lead .
The bullet must also engage the rifling without damaging the gun 's bore .
These unstable bullets tumbled erratically and provided only moderate accuracy , however the aerodynamic shape changed little for centuries .
Bullets are generally designed to penetrate , deform , and\/or break apart .
They must first form a seal with the gun 's bore .
Bullet designs have to solve two primary problems .
See Terminal ballistics and\/or Stopping power for an overview of how bullet design affects what happens when a bullet impacts with an object .
These interactions between bullet and bore are termed internal ballistics .
Any asymmetry in the bullet is largely canceled as it spins .
With smooth-bore firearms , a spherical shape was optimum because no matter how it was oriented , it presented a uniform front .
Rotational forces stabilize the bullet gyroscopically as well as aerodynamically .
Hand-casting , however , is only time - and cost-effective for solid lead bullets .
If a strong seal is not achieved , gas from the propellant charge leaks past the bullet , reducing efficiency .
For a given material and bullet , the strike velocity is the primary factor determining which outcome is achieved .
Portulacaceae is a family of flowering plants , comprising about 20 genera with about 500 species , ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs .
ChÃ riennes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Reed reprised the role of Mike Brady in the variety show The Brady Bunch Hour , as well as The Brady Brides , several made-for-TV Brady movies , and another series that followed , The Bradys .
In those treated for diabetes a diagnosis of hypoglycemia can be made based on the presence of a low blood sugar alone . Otherwise Whipple 's triad is required which include symptoms consistent with hypoglycemia , a low blood sugar , and resolution of these symptoms once the blood sugar improves .
Hurricane Fran was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane of the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season that made landfall near Cape Fear in North Carolina at Category 3 strength .
Robert Pereira da Silva -LRB- born 10 April 1985 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
A subdomain is a domain that is part of a larger domain , the only domain that is not also a subdomain is the root domain .
San Diego Comic-Con International , also known as Comic-Con International : San Diego -LRB- as given on its website -RRB- , and commonly known as Comic-Con or the San Diego Comic-Con , was founded as the Golden State Comic Book Convention and later the San Diego Comic Book Convention in 1970 by Shel Dorf and a group of San Diegans .
Though monumental architecture at the site dates back as far as the 4th century BC , Tikal reached its apogee during the Classic Period , ca .
Following the end of the Late Classic Period , no new major monuments were built at Tikal and there is evidence that elite palaces were burned .
Tikal -LRB- or Tikâ al according to the modern Mayan orthography -RRB- is one of the largest archaeological sites and urban centres of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization .
The reliance on seasonal rainfall left Tikal vulnerable to prolonged drought , which is thought by some to have played a role in the Classic Maya Collapse .
During this time , the city dominated much of the Maya region politically , economically , and militarily , while interacting with areas throughout Mesoamerica such as the great metropolis of Teotihuacan in the distant Valley of Mexico .
One of the largest of the Classic Maya cities , Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored in ten reservoirs .
Tikal prospered with intensive agricultural techniques , which were far more advanced than the slash and burn methods originally theorized by archaeologists .
Archaeologists working in Tikal during the 20th century refurbished one of these ancient reservoirs to store water for their own use .
Set in a post-apocalyptic Seattle , the show chronicles the life of Max Guevara -LRB- X5-452 -RRB- , a genetically enhanced super-soldier , portrayed by Jessica Alba as an adult and Geneva Locke as a child , who , after escaping from a covert government biotech\/military facility as a child , tries to lead some semblance of a normal life and constantly try to elude capture by government agents , while searching for her genetically-enhanced brothers and sisters scattered in the aftermath of their escape .
Dark Angel is an American biopunk\/cyberpunk science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee . The show premiered in the United States on the Fox network on October 3 , 2000 , and was canceled after two seasons .
The program is set in Seattle , Washington , and was filmed in Vancouver , British Columbia , at Lions Gate Studios .
The American lobster , Homarus americanus , is one species of lobster found on the Atlantic coast of North America .
The Chrysler Town & Country is a family minivan sold worldwide by the Chrysler division of Chrysler Group LLC .
The model was introduced in 1990 as a luxury variant of the first-generation Dodge Caravan , Plymouth Voyager and Chrysler Voyager .
Miguel Torres GÃ mez -LRB- ; born January 28 , 1986 in Madrid -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Getafe CF in La Liga .
The Law of Three Stages is an idea developed by Auguste Comte .
Ryoichi Kawakatsu is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
It has the option of adding two child seats , installed in the baggage area .
The Cessna 182 Skylane is an American four-seat , single-engine , light airplane , built by Cessna of Wichita , Kansas .
Introduced in 1956 , the 182 has been produced in a number of variants , including a version with retractable landing gear , and is the second most popular Cessna model , after the 172 .
A stage musical based on the 1980 musical film Fame has been staged under two titles . The first , ` Fame â `` The Musical ' conceived and developed by David De Silva , is a musical with a book by Jose Fernandez , music by Steve Margoshes and lyrics by Jacques Levy .
Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Short-tailed Shearwater or Slender-billed Shearwater -LRB- Puffinus tenuirostris -RRB- , also called Yolla or Moonbird , and commonly known as the muttonbird in Australia , is the most abundant seabird species in Australian waters , and is one of the few Australian native birds in which the chicks are commercially harvested .
Neola is a city in Pottawattamie County , Iowa , United States .
Varuna has a rotational period of approximately 3.17 hours -LRB- or 6.34 hours , depending on whether the light curve is single or double-peaked -RRB- .
20000 Varuna is a large classical Kuiper belt object -LRB- KBO -RRB- and a potential dwarf planet .
Given the rapid rotation , rare for objects so large , Varuna is thought to be an elongated spheroid -LRB- ratio of axis 2:3 -RRB- , with a mean density around 1 g\/cm3 -LRB- roughly the density of water -RRB- .
The Russian Premier League was established in 2001 and succeeded the Top Division , the difference being that the Top Division was run by the Professional Football League of Russia , and the creation of the Premier League gave the clubs a greater degree of independence .
Green Bay is a city in and the county seat of Brown County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin , located at the head of Green Bay , a sub-basin of Lake Michigan , at the mouth of the Fox River .
Green Bay is an industrial city with several meatpacking and paper plants , and a port on the bay of Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan .
Green Bay is served by the Green Bay Press-Gazette .
Black tea is a variety of tea that is more oxidized than the oolong , green , and white varieties .
In Chinese languages and neighboring countries , black tea is known as `` red tea '' -LRB- ç
Hershey and Chase conducted their experiments on the T2 phage , a virus whose structure had recently been shown by electron microscopy .
The Hersheyâ `` Chase experiments were a series of experiments conducted in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , confirming that DNA was the genetic material , which had first been demonstrated in the 1944 Averyâ `` MacLeodâ `` McCarty experiment .
The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to its outer membrane and injecting its genetic material , leaving its empty shell attached to the bacterium .
Hershey shared the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Chase for their â discoveries concerning the genetic structure of viruses .
Melissa Ellen Gilbert -LRB- born May 8 , 1964 -RRB- is an American actress , writer , and producer , primarily in movies and television .
Gilbert is best known as a child actress who co-starred as Charles Ingalls 's -LRB- played by Michael Landon -RRB- second daughter , Laura Ingalls Wilder , on the dramatic television series Little House on the Prairie -LRB- 1974 â `` 1984 -RRB- .
Talencieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Eukaryotic cells are typically much larger than those of prokaryotes .
In most eukaryotes , these protein-carrying vesicles are released and further modified in stacks of flattened vesicles , called Golgi bodies or dictyosomes .
In higher plants , most of a cell 's volume is taken up by a central vacuole , which primarily maintains its osmotic pressure .
It includes the rough ER where ribosomes are attached to synthesize proteins , which enter the interior space or lumen .
In multicellular organisms , hormones are often produced in vesicles .
Eukaryotic cells include a variety of membrane-bound structures , collectively referred to as the endomembrane system .
Many cells ingest food and other materials through a process of endocytosis , where the outer membrane invaginates and then pinches off to form a vesicle .
Simple compartments , called vesicles or vacuoles , can form by budding off other membranes .
They have a variety of internal membranes and structures , called organelles , and a cytoskeleton composed of microtubules , microfilaments , and intermediate filaments , which play an important role in defining the cell 's organization and shape .
Subsequently , they generally enter vesicles , which bud off from the smooth ER .
Eukaryotic DNA is divided into several linear bundles called chromosomes , which are separated by a microtubular spindle during nuclear division .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Milwaukee Bucks .
The plot lines involving these characters include historical truths as well as substantial fictional elements .
The series charts Deadwood 's growth from camp to town , incorporating themes ranging from the formation of communities to western capitalism .
Some of the characters are fully fictional , although they may have been based on actual persons .
The show is set in the 1870s in Deadwood , South Dakota , before and after the area 's annexation by the Dakota Territory .
The show features a large ensemble cast , and many historical figures appear as characters on the show -- such as Seth Bullock , Al Swearengen , Wild Bill Hickok , Sol Star , Calamity Jane , Wyatt Earp , E. B. Farnum , Charlie Utter and George Hearst .
It is bounded to the northwest by Palo Alto , to the southwest by Los Altos , to the southeast by Sunnyvale , to the northeast by Moffett Federal Airfield , and to the north by the San Francisco Bay .
The city shares its borders with the cities of Palo Alto , Los Altos , and Sunnyvale , as well as Moffett Federal Airfield and the San Francisco Bay .
Mountain View is a city in Santa Clara County , in the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
People who collect mushrooms for consumption are known as mycophagists , and the act of collecting them for such is known as mushroom hunting , or simply `` mushrooming '' .
Network Rail is a British `` not for dividend '' entity , technically a private company limited by guarantee , whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited , a company limited by shares .
It is owned by the Grollo family .
Grocon Pty Ltd is a large Australian construction company based in Melbourne , Australia .
Released on September 24 , 1990 , it was the third Megadeth album distributed through Capitol Records .
Rust in Peace is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth .
St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a private Gymnasium -LRB- high school -RRB- in Coesfeld near MÃ 1\/4 nster , Germany .
The whole school is a non-smoking area .
See municipalities of Baja California Sur .
In 1952 , the North Territory of Baja California became the 29th state of Mexico , Baja California .
On 19 October 2010 , Swenson Granite , based in Concord , New Hampshire , announced that it and Rock of Ages had agreed to merge . Swenson paid Rock of Ages shareholders a total of $ 39 million .
The company employs around 230 people , and the company made a profit of around $ 800,000 in 2009 on revenues of $ 21.6 million , up from a loss of more than $ 2 million in 2008 .
You may use a date parameter with this template , for example to help with the categorisation of articles requiring links .
Shell Oil Company is the United States-based subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell , a multinational oil company -LRB- `` oil major '' -RRB- of Anglo Dutch origins , which is amongst the largest oil companies in the world .
The head office in the U.S. is in Houston , Texas .
Landen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
La Hulpe is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
CÃ nac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Mac OS X Lion -LRB- version 10.7 -RRB- will be the eighth major release of Mac OS X , Apple 's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers . Mac OS X Lion is set to be released in summer of 2011 .
A preview of Lion was publicly unveiled at Apple 's `` Back to the Mac '' event on October 20 , 2010 .
Some new features were announced at the `` Back to the Mac '' keynote in October 2010 , and the Apple website was updated in February 2011 with more details . More features are expected to be revealed as the release date nears .
Cannelton is a city in Troy Township , Perry County , Indiana , along the Ohio River .
GreceÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,038 people .
Logan had already written the story -- but without the gangsters -- for a German film , Fanfaren der Liebe -LRB- directed by Kurt Hoffmann , 1951 -RRB- , so Wilder 's film is considered by some as a remake .
Some Like It Hot is a 1959 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Marilyn Monroe , Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon .
Rui Komatsu is a Japanese football player currently playing for Cerezo Osaka .
Zudausques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Clear Creek is a town in Eau Claire County , Wisconsin , United States .
The unincorporated communities of Allen , and Foster are located within the town .
In opera , rÃ pÃ titeur is the name given to the person responsible for coaching singers and playing the piano for music and production rehearsals .
In ballet , a rÃ pÃ titeur teaches the steps and interpretation of the roles to some or all of the company performing a dance .
, originally from the French verb rÃ pÃ ter meaning `` to repeat , to go over , to learn , to rehearse '' .
The name `` digit '' comes from the fact that the 10 digits -LRB- ancient Latin digita meaning fingers -RRB- of the hands correspond to the 10 symbols of the common base 10 number system , i.e. the decimal -LRB- ancient Latin adjective dec. meaning ten -RRB- digits .
The Thai numeral system is identical to the Hinduâ `` Arabic numeral system except for the symbols used to represent digits .
In 1966 , Howard wrote and released her first single of the year , `` Evil on Your Mind '' .
In the mid-60s , Jan Howard was not acquiring any significant hits .
Soon an album of the same name was released that year , featuring Howard 's big hit .
The song hit the Top 5 on the Billboard Country music charts , peaking at No. 5 there .
She believes he 's thinking of having an affair , which she calls , `` evil on your mind '' .
The song was written by Howard , and talked of her troubled marriage to legendary singer-songwriter , Harlan Howard .
Only one of her songs hit the Top 20 , which was in 1960 with , `` The One You Slip Around With '' , which hit No. 13 .
The song has been featured the in the book , Heartaches By the Number : The 500 Greatest Country Singles .
A follow-up single was released that titled , `` Bad Seed '' which hit the Top 10 that year , proving a successful follow-up for Howard .
`` Evil on Your Mind '' is the name of a popular Country music song , originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star , Jan Howard in 1966 .
The song set the stage for a number of Top 20 and Top 10 hits Howard would have as a solo and duet artist between 1966 and 1971 .
A rock music group titled , The Stumbleweeds recorded Howard 's `` Evil on Your Mind '' .
The song talks about a husband trying to convince his wife to visit her sister out west , but the narrator -LRB- the wife -RRB- notices that something is going on , which her husband is trying to hide .
Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County , Mississippi , United States .
The population was 26,200 at the 2000 census .
It is the principal city of the Pascagoula , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area , as a part of the Gulfport -- Biloxi -- Pascagoula , Mississippi Combined Statistical Area .
It is the county seat of Jackson County .
RubÃ n Ariel Olivera da Rosa -LRB- born 4 May 1983 in Montevideo -RRB- is a Uruguayan football player .
Loubens is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
English and Pashto is spoken and understood by some people
Hindko is widely spoken throughout the area , Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here .
Most of the people are Awans with the Abbasies in a minority , the Union Council is led by the Nazim Malik Mushtaq Ahmed , most of the people are poor and lead a simple life .
The Union Council is subdivided into two areas Phalkot and Malsa , that include other settlements including Kutli Sehana Jandar Bari Buni Gali and Upri Kutli .
Phalkot is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Depending on taxonomy , the Red Deer inhabits most of Europe , the Caucasus Mountains region , Asia Minor , parts of western Asia , and central Asia .
In New Zealand , and to a lesser degree in Australia , the red deer were introduced by acclimatisation societies along with other deer and game species .
The Red Deer is the fourth largest deer species behind moose , elk -LRB- wapiti -RRB- , and sambar deer .
It also inhabits the Atlas Mountains region between Morocco and Tunisia in northwestern Africa , being the only species of deer to inhabit Africa .
Red Deer have been introduced to other areas including Australia , New Zealand and Argentina .
The European Red Deer is one of the largest game animals found in Southwestern Asia -LRB- Asia Minor and Caucasus regions -RRB- , North Africa and Europe .
In many parts of the world the meat -LRB- venison -RRB- from Red Deer is used as a food source .
A traditional bento consists of rice , fish or meat , and one or more pickled or cooked vegetables , usually in a box-shaped container .
Although bento are readily available in many places throughout Japan , including convenience stores , bento shops , train stations , and department stores , it is still common for Japanese homemakers to spend time and energy for their spouse , child , or themselves producing a carefully prepared lunch box .
Containers range from disposable mass produced to hand crafted lacquerware .
It was announced on July 7 , 2008 , that Coates would be inducted into the New England Patriots Hall of Fame .
Not to be mistaken for Washington State University , Washington University in St. Louis , or George Washington University
Manuel Pino is a professor at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona , who comes from a village of the Tewa people west of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
He has spoken at many international conferences , including the 1992 World Uranium Hearing in Salzburg , about victims of uranium mining , depleted uranium , and associated cancer deaths .
The theme for his sociology dissertation was The Destructive Impact of Uranium Mining on Native American Culture .
Opposition to uranium mining has played a central role in Pino 's life .
In 2008 , Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award .
Claudio Sala -LRB- born 8 September 1947 in Macherio , Lombardy -RRB- is an former Italian association football player and current commentator .
The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom 's five National Garden Festivals .
Held between May and October 1990 , in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear , it lasted 157 days , and received over three million visitors .
After the Ã sirâ `` Vanir War , the Vanir became a subgroup of the Ã sir . Subsequently , members of the Vanir are sometimes also referred to as members of the Ã sir .
Siloam Springs is made up of Siloam Springs , Arkansas , and West Siloam Springs , Oklahoma .
The candy cane is available year-round , but traditionally surrounds the Christmas holiday , particularly in North America .
A candy cane is a hard cane-shaped candy stick .
It is traditionally white with red stripes and flavored with peppermint or cinnamon ; however , it is also made in a variety of other flavors and may be decorated with stripes of different colors and thicknesses .
Unknown Pleasures is English post-punk band Joy Division 's debut album , released in 1979 through Factory Records .
Martin Hannett produced the record at Strawberry Studios , Stockport , England .
It runs from Redditch , Worcestershire , its southern terminus , to Lichfield , Staffordshire , its northern terminus , via Birmingham New Street , and services on the line are currently operated by London Midland .
The Cross-City Line is a suburban railway line in the West Midlands region of England .
The Lega Italiana Calcio Professionistico -LRB- Italian for Italian Professional Football League -RRB- , commonly known as Lega Pro -LRB- Pro League -RRB- , is the governing body that runs the third and fourth highest football divisions in Italy , the Prima Divisione and Seconda Divisione respectively .
It also includes the sole professional club of San Marino .
A boot is a type of footwear .
The Pan American Games -LRB- Pan Am Games -RRB- is a multi-sport event between competitors from all nations in Americas , held every four years in the year before the summer Olympic Games .
In 1932 , a first proposal was made for Pan American Games , and the Pan American Sports Organization -LRB- OrganizaciÃ n Deportiva Panamericana ; ODEPA\/PASO -RRB- was established . The first games were scheduled to be staged in Buenos Aires in 1943 , but World War II caused them to be postponed until 1951 .
This is the template .
The Kori salamander -LRB- Hynobius yangi -RRB- is a species of lentic breeding salamander found in southeastern South Korea .
Zhytomyr is a major transportation hub .
This date , 884 , is cut in the large stone of the ice age times , standing on the hill where Zhytomyr was founded .
Zhytomyr is a city in the North of the western half of Ukraine . It is the administrative center of the Zhytomyr Oblast -LRB- province -RRB- , as well as the administrative center of the surrounding Zhytomyr Raion -LRB- district -RRB- .
The city lies on a historic route linking the city of Kiev with the west through Brest .
Zhytomyr was also the location of Ozerne , a key Cold War strategic aircraft base located 11 k southeast of the city .
Legend holds that Zhytomyr was established about 884 by Zhytomyr , prince of a Slavic tribe of Drevlians .
Today it links Warsaw with Kiev , Minsk with Izmail , and several major cities of Ukraine .
The Teteriv river generally forms the southern boundary of Zhytomyr , though there are also some small areas of Zhytomyr city territory below the southern bank of the river .
It has a total area of 1927.11 kmÂ .
Brahmanbaria district is located at the east-central region of Bangladesh .
Brahmanbaria is bounded by Kishoreganj District and Habiganj District on the north , Comilla District on the south , Habiganj District and Tripura State , India on the east and Meghna River , Kishoreganj District , Narsingdi District and Narayanganj District on the west .
Omi Sato -LRB- born 22 December 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Inca road system was the most extensive and highly advanced transportation system in pre-Columbian South America .
Because the Incas did not make use of the wheel for transportation , and did not have horses until the arrival of the Spanish in Peru in the 16th century , the trails were used almost exclusively by people walking , sometimes accompanied by pack animals , usually the llama .
The Camino Real traversed the mountain ranges of the Andes , with peak altitudes of more than 5000 m. El Camino de la Costa , the coastal trail , with a length of 4000 k , ran parallel to the sea and was linked with the Camino Real by many smaller routes .
It began in Quito , Ecuador , passed through Cusco , and ended in what is now TucumÃ n , Argentina .
The most important Inca road was the Camino Real , as it is known in Spanish , with a length of 5200 k -RRB- .
A glacier forms in a location where the accumulation of snow and sleet exceeds the amount of snow that melts . Over many years , often decades or centuries , a glacier will eventually form as the snow compacts and turns to ice .
Alpine glaciers form on the crests and slopes of mountains and are also known as `` mountain glaciers '' , `` niche glaciers '' , or `` cirque glaciers '' .
A strong chemical bond is formed from the transfer or sharing of electrons between atomic centers and relies on the electrostatic attraction between the protons in nuclei and the electrons in the orbitals . Although these bonds typically involve the transfer of integer numbers of electrons -LRB- this is the bond order , which respresents one transferred electron or two shared electrons -RRB- , some systems can have intermediate numbers of bonds .
He used another pen name Katsuhiko Otsuji for literary works .
Genpei Akasegawa is a pseudonym of Japanese artist Katsuhiko Akasegawa -LRB- born March 27 , 1937 in Yokohama -RRB- .
As `` Katsuhiko Otsuji , '' he received the Akutagawa Prize in 1981 for his short story , `` Chichi ga kieta '' .
During the Weimar Republic he was acknowledged for his poster design , his book illustrations and his drawings .
Among his best known pieces of that period is Junkerland in Bauernhand , a film poster designed for the DEFA , which is also part of a permanent exhibition in Haus der Geschichte in Bonn .
Today , Fiedler is regarded as one of the leading poster artists of post-war East Germany .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler -LRB- 8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950 -RRB- was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party .
The latter became attached to many of the works of Dresden 's Kurt Fiedler .
During World War I Fiedler was a front-line soldier in France .
Here , Ferdinand Avenarius headed the leading cultural organization of all German speaking countries at that time , the DÃ 1\/4 rerbund .
Many of his works can be found in Deutsches Historisches Museum , Akademie der KÃ 1\/4 nste and the German Federal Archive .
From 1911 to 1915 Fiedler was supported by a grant to study as MeisterschÃ 1\/4 ler -LRB- master 's student -RRB- of Richard Guhr and Josef Goller .
For many decades , Kurt Fiedler from Dresden had been confused with impressionist Kurt Fiedler -LRB- \* 19 November 1878 , Berlin -RRB- .
Emmanuel `` Manu '' Laurent Petit -LRB- born 22 September 1970 in Dieppe , Seine-Maritime -RRB- is a retired French footballer , who played his club football for Monaco , Arsenal , Barcelona , and Chelsea .
Ludwig II -LRB- Ludwig Otto Friedrich Wilhelm ; sometimes rendered as Louis II in English -RRB- -LRB- 25 August 1845 -- 13 June 1886 -RRB- was King of Bavaria from 1864 until shortly before his death .
A rock song in contrast to '' -LRB- Everything I Do -RRB- I Do It for You '' , it peaked at # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind Prince 's `` Cream '' .
The song was the second single from Adams ' 1991-album Waking Up the Neighbours , a successor of the massive hit single '' -LRB- Everything I Do -RRB- I Do It for You '' .
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo , winning none .
`` Ca n't Stop This Thing We Started '' is a song by Bryan Adams .
The capital of Vorarlberg is Bregenz , although Dornbirn and Feldkirch are larger cities in terms of population .
-LRB- In the Gregorian Calendar there is no year 0 -RRB- This template should handle all leap year exceptions including the 100 and 400 year rule .
To find the serial for another date fill in the date into this code :
Today 's date is .
This is the numbers of days from the start of 1 A.D. -LRB- Monday , 1 Jan 1 = 1 -RRB- .
By default this template gives the serial for today .
This template gives the Gregorian serial day .
The city is synonymous with Mount UludaÄ which towers behind its core and which is also a famous ski resort .
Bursa is a city in northwestern Turkey and the seat of Bursa Province .
The city is frequently cited as `` YeÅ il Bursa '' -LRB- meaning `` Green Bursa '' -RRB- in a reference to the parks and gardens located across its urban tissue , as well as to the vast forests in rich variety that extend in its surrounding region .
The company that became Armitage Shanks was founded in 1817 by Thomas Bond in Armitage , Staffordshire .
Armitage Shanks is a British manufacturer of bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies .
In 1969 Armitage merged with Shanks Holdings Limited , a competing `` sanitary engineering company '' established at Barrhead near Glasgow , Renfrewshire in 1878 , producing the famous brand name Armitage Shanks .
In publishing , printers are both companies providing printing services and individuals who directly operate printing presses .
Today , printers are found throughout the world .
With the invention of the moveable type printing press by Johannes Gutenberg around 1450 , printingâ '' and printersâ '' proliferated throughout Europe .
An artist who operates a printing press to execute their own works , especially by hand in limited runs , is usually distinguished from other printers by the term printmaker .
Stengel is the only person to have worn the uniform -LRB- as player or manager -RRB- of all four Major League Baseball teams in New York City in the 20th century : The New York Giants -LRB- as a player -RRB- , the Brooklyn Dodgers -LRB- as both a player and a manager -RRB- , the New York Yankees -LRB- as a manager -RRB- , and the New York Mets -LRB- also as a manager -RRB- .
Cyperus papyrus -LRB- papyrus sedge or paper reed -RRB- is a monocot belonging to the sedge family Cyperaceae .
The Liberia national football team , nicknamed the Lone Stars , is the national team of Liberia and is controlled by the Liberia Football Association .
Political scientists study matters concerning the allocation and transfer of power in decision making , the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations , political behavior and public policies .
They measure the success of governance and specific policies by examining many factors , including stability , justice , material wealth , and peace .
Political science is a social science concerned with the theory and practice of politics and the analysis of political systems and political behavior .
He currently plays for FenerbahÃ e in the Turkish Super League .
Diego Alfredo Lugano Moreno -LRB- born November 2 , 1980 in Canelones -RRB- is a Uruguayan international football central defender .
In 2004 , during the band 's final tour , many cities around the United States proclaimed a certain day to be `` Guided by Voices Day '' in that city .
Some of them include :
Guided by Voices -LRB- often abbreviated as GBV -RRB- is an American indie rock band originating from Dayton , Ohio .
Jacob `` Jake '' Black is a fictional character in the Twilight series by Stephenie Meyer .
In the films Twilight , New Moon , and Eclipse , Jacob is played by Taylor Lautner .
Lavrentiy Pavlovich Beria -LRB- or Beriya ; ; ; 29 March 1899 â `` 23 December 1953 -RRB- was a Georgian Soviet politician , and chief of the Soviet security and secret police apparatus -LRB- NKVD -RRB- under Joseph Stalin .
In August 2008 , Go-Ahead 's London operations took up the new trading name of Go-Ahead London .
The IPO was founded by violinist BronisÅ aw Huberman in 1936 , at a time when many Jewish musicians were being fired from European orchestras .
With Mehta , the IPO has made a number of recordings for Decca . Under the baton of Bernstein , the IPO also recorded his works and those of Igor Stravinsky .
Its inaugural concert took place in Tel Aviv on December 26 , 1936 , and was conducted by Arturo Toscanini .
The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra -LRB- abbreviation IPO ; Hebrew : '' -- '' '' '' , ha-Tizmoret ha-Filharmonit ha-Yisre ` elit -RRB- is the leading symphony orchestra in Israel .
It reads thus , identically on both sides : IMP Â CAES Â FL Â CONSTANTINO Â MAXIMO Â P Â F Â AVGUSTO Â S Â P Â Q Â R Â QVOD Â INSTINCTV Â DIVINITATIS Â MENTIS Â MAGNITVDINE Â CVM Â EXERCITV Â SVO Â TAM Â DE Â TYRANNO Â QVAM Â DE Â OMNI Â EIVS Â FACTIONE Â VNO Â TEMPORE Â IVSTIS Â REM-PVBLICAM Â VLTVS Â EST Â ARMIS Â ARCVM Â TRIVMPHIS Â INSIGNEM Â DICAVIT
It was erected to commemorate Constantine I 's victory over Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge on October 28 , 312 .
The Arch of Constantine is a triumphal arch in Rome , situated between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill .
The main inscription would originally have been of bronze letters .
To the Emperor Caesar Flavius Constantinus , the greatest , pious , and blessed Augustus : because he , inspired by the divine , and by the greatness of his mind , has delivered the state from the tyrant and all of his followers at the same time , with his army and just force of arms , the Senate and People of Rome have dedicated this arch , decorated with triumphs .
Dedicated in 315 , it is the latest of the existing triumphal arches in Rome , from which it differs by spolia , the extensive re-use of parts of earlier buildings .
In 1967 Karr founded the International Society of Bassists -LRB- ISB -RRB- , an organization devoted to the study , promotion , and advancement of double bass playing around the world .
Gary Karr -LRB- born November 20 , 1941 -RRB- , is an American classical double bass virtuoso and teacher .
On that famous telecast , Karr performed `` The Swan '' from Carnival of the Animals by Camille Saint-Sa Ã `` ns .
The non-profit Karr Doublebass Foundation , which loans instruments to promising young double bassists to assist in their professional development , was established by Karr in 1984 .
After 40 years as a concert artist he retired in 2001 to Victoria , British Columbia , where he lives with his dog Shin-Ju .
Karr 's breakthrough came in 1962 , when he was featured as a soloist in a nationally televised New York Philharmonic Young People 's Concert , conducted by Leonard Bernstein .
A documentary film , The Hand Behind the Mouse : The Ub Iwerks Story was released in 1999 , followed by a book written by Leslie Iwerks and John Kenworthy in 2001 . The documentary , created by Iwerks ' granddaughter Leslie Iwerks , was released as part of The Walt Disney Treasures , Wave VII series .
â Ub Iwerks died in 1971 of a heart attack in Burbank , California , aged 70 .
Ub Iwerks , A.S.C. -LRB- March 24 , 1901 â `` July 7 , 1971 -RRB- was a two-time Academy Award winning American animator , cartoonist , inventor and special effects technician , who was famous for his work for Walt Disney . He was born Ubbe Ert Iwwerks in Kansas City , Missouri .
Ub Iwerks eventually got inspiration from an old drawing .
Iwerks Entertainment , a filmographic company , was founded in 1985 in honor of Ub Iwerks .
The New Zealand city of Dunedin is noted for producing a large number of famous people .
Many of these are natives of the city ; others traveled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago .
Carlsville is an unincorporated community in Door County , within the Town of Egg Harbor , Wisconsin , United States .
The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 42 between Sturgeon Bay and Egg Harbor .
Olin has a K-12 school system , the Olin Lions .
The garden dormouse -LRB- Eliomys quercinus -RRB- is a rodent in the dormouse family .
Nearby , in the Netherlands , it is nearly extinct : in 2007 researchers reported finding only nine animals in two woods in the province of Limburg , where it used to be common .
Blind and naked at birth , they open their eyes after about eighteen days , and are nursed until they are one month old .
The young are usually born in litters of three to seven , after a gestation period of 23 days .
This article includes information translated from the German and French Wikipedias .
Garden dormice are often found in the Alps , in the Bavarian Forest , and in the Ore Mountains .
At night they look for food , mainly eating larger insects like grasshoppers and beetles , snails , eggs , young nestlings , small mice , and spiders , as well as berries , fruit , and nuts like acorns and beechnuts .
The mating period lasts from April to June .
Garden dormice are primarily nocturnal , sleeping in spherical nests in trees during the day .
Cannibalism is also observed occasionally when the animal is coming out of hibernation .
It is not unusual for a garden dormouse to eat one of its unfortunate rivals during the mating season .
They suggested this is a result of the landscape becoming increasingly monotonous and due to climate change , which they said interrupts hibernation .
In spite of its name , the garden dormouse 's main habitat is the forest , though it can also be found in fruit-growing regions .
It is particularly common in southern Europe , but its range extends into the north .
While omnivorous , the diet of dormice contains slightly more animal protein than vegetation .
The garden dormouse can be recognized by black eye markings , relatively large ears , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
Garden dormice are typically 10 t in length , with the tail adding an additional 8 t. They weigh 60 t. The coat is gray or brown , with a white underside .
Hallwil is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In modern times , many diocese , though later subdivided , have preserved the boundaries of a long-vanished Roman administrative division .
Tiryns -LRB- Ancient Greek Î Î Ï Ï
Î 1\/2 Ï ; Modern Greek Î Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 Î Î -RRB- is a Mycenaean archaeological site in the prefecture of Argolis in the Peloponnese , some kilometres north of Nauplion .
It was released in 1996 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System . It was ported by Nintendo with minor differences to the Nintendo Wii Virtual Console in 2008 .
Japanese audiences also received Super Mario RPG well with 1.47 million copies sold , making it the third best selling game in Japan in 1996 .
In Super Mario RPG , Mario , Bowser , Princess Toadstool , Mallow , and Geno fight as allies in the first console role-playing game -LRB- RPG -RRB- in the Mario series . It contains token similarities to many other Square role-playing games such as Chrono Trigger and the Final Fantasy series with a story and action-based gameplay based on the Super Mario Bros. series .
On June 24 , 2008 , Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars was re-released on the Virtual Console in Japan .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , often shortened and officially known in Japan as Super Mario RPG , is an action role-playing game developed by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- and published by Nintendo .
It was , however , never far from criticism as a foreign , vulgar dance .
The follower 's steps are mirrored .
The famous ballroom dancing guru , Alex Moore , said that he had `` never seen anything uglier '' .
In the UK variations in technique led to styles such as Boogie-Woogie and Swing Boogie , with `` Jive '' gradually emerging as the generic term .
English instructors developed the elegant and lively ballroom Jive , danced to slightly slower music .
In the United States the term Swing became the most common word used to describe the dance .
Leader : Normally the male
The basic step -LRB- Jive Basic -RRB- is a six beat pattern , comprising eight weight changes .
Normally the female
The modern form of ballroom jive in the 1990s-present , is a very happy and boppy dance , the lifting of knees and the bending or rocking of the hips often occurs .
It is a lively and uninhibited variation of the Jitterbug , a form of Swing dance .
American soldiers brought Lindy Hop\/Jitterbug to Europe around 1942 , where this dance swiftly found a following among the young .
In Ballroom dancing , Jive is a dance style in 4\/4 time that originated in the United States from African-Americans in the early 1940s .
In 1968 it was adopted as the fifth Latin dance in International competitions .
After the war , the boogie became the dominant form for popular music .
This article is about the ballroom dance style . For other dances that go by the name `` jive '' , see jive .
Mont-Saint - Ã loi is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Makoto Sunakawa is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Consadole Sapporo .
The British Rail Class 373 or TGV-TMST train is an electric multiple unit that operates Eurostar 's high-speed rail service between Britain , France and Belgium via the Channel Tunnel .
Part of the TGV family , it has a smaller cross-section to fit within the constrictive British loading gauge , was originally able to operate on the UK third rail network , and has extensive fireproofing in case of fire in the tunnel .
This is both the longestâ '' 394 mâ '' and fastest train in regular UK passenger service .
The San Francisco Ballet -LRB- SFB -RRB- is a ballet company , founded in 1933 as the San Francisco Opera Ballet .
SFB is the first professional ballet company in the United States .
The company is currently based in the War Memorial Opera House , San Francisco , California , under the direction of Helgi Tomasson .
As soon as they arrive , Knuckles ambushes Sonic from underground with such force , he knocks the Chaos Emeralds from him , returning him to normal . Stunned , Sonic can only watch as Knuckles steals the Emeralds and disappears inland .
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 -LRB- often abbreviated and officially titled in Europe and Australia as Sonic 3 -RRB- is a platform game and the 4th installment in the Sonic the Hedgehog series for the Sega Mega Drive\/Genesis . It was developed in the United States by members of Sonic Team working at Sega Technical Institute , and was published by Sega , debuting worldwide in the first half of 1994 .
The game is a sequel to Sonic the Hedgehog 2 and follows on directly from the end of the game , in which Sonic defeated his enemy , Dr. Robotnik ; crash-landing on a floating island , Sonic encounters new character Knuckles the Echidna , and must once more retrieve the Chaos Emeralds while also working to stop Dr. Robotnik from relaunching his ship , the Death Egg .
Sonic then turns into Super Sonic .
Knowing Sonic and Tails will try to track him down , and realizing he can use the Master Emerald to power the ship , Dr. Robotnik tricks Knuckles into believing Sonic is trying to steal his Emerald .
must be numerical , negative values are displayed with a proper minus sign .
The multiplication sign is spaced with thin non-breaking spaces .
This subtemplate gives aÃ -- 10b where a and b are given by unnamed parameters and respectively .
Wandsworth is a district of south London , England , located in the London Borough of Wandsworth .
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .
Wandsworth takes its name from the River Wandle , which enters the Thames at Wandsworth .
A lawsuit was filed for breach of contract of using `` Still in Love -LRB- Kissing You -RRB- '' , a version of British singer Des ` ree 's original song `` Kissing You '' .
On April 16 , 2007 , Recording Industry Association of America re-certified B ` Day as triple platinum adding the sales from the original B ` Day album with the deluxe edition B ` Day album .
Gary Paul O'Neil -LRB- born 18 May 1983 in Bromley , England -RRB- is an English footballer , currently playing for West Ham United in the Premier League .
Animation Magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry , including different reviews about film and television animation , visual effects and video games .
Soullans is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Cadaujac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Most of the Hawks ' original players came from the Portland Rosebuds of the Western Hockey League -LRB- originally the Regina Capitals of the Western Canada Hockey League -RRB- , which had folded the previous season .
`` Here Come the Hawks ! '' is the official fight song and introduction of the Chicago Blackhawks .
Tommy Hawk often participates in the T-shirt toss and puck chuck at the United Center .
It is a tradition for Blackhawks fans to applaud and cheer loudly during the singing of the national anthems . This tradition originated during a 1985 Campbell Conference playoff game at Chicago Stadium versus the Edmonton Oilers .
Prior to the 2008-09 season opener , the Blackhawks named Toews , at 20 years and 79 days , as the new captain , succeeding the traded Lapointe and making him the third-youngest captain at the time of appointment .
On June 9 , 2010 , the Blackhawks won the 2010 Stanley Cup Championship in 6 games , beating the Philadelphia Flyers 4-3 in sudden death overtime with a goal by Patrick Kane .
During the 2008-09 season , the team led the League in home attendance with a total of 912,155 , averaging 22,247 fans per game .
In late 2007 the song `` Keys to the City '' was released by Ministry & Co Conspirators as a gift to the Blackhawks organization .
This figure includes the 40,818 fans from the Winter Classic at Wrigley Field .
The Blackhawks mascot is Tommy Hawk , a hawk who wears the Blackhawks ' four feathers on his head , along with a Blackhawks jersey and hockey pants .
Judith Weir CBE , -LRB- born 11 May 1954 in Cambridge , England of Scottish parents -RRB- is a British composer .
She held the post of Composer in Association for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra from 1995 to 1998 .
From 1995 to 2000 , she was the Artistic Director of the Spitalfields Festival in London .
It is part of the Lea Valley Lines network , and train services are provided by National Express East Anglia .
Theobalds Grove railway station serves Waltham Cross in Hertfordshire , England .
Swan Valley is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
The most widely known today is the cor anglais , or English horn , the tenor -LRB- or alto -RRB- member of the family . A transposing instrument ; it is pitched in F , a perfect fifth lower than the oboe .
Even less common is the bass oboe -LRB- also called baritone oboe -RRB- , which sounds one octave lower than the oboe .
He bats left-handed and throws right-handed .
Adam Troy Dunn -LRB- born November 9 , 1979 , in Houston , Texas -RRB- , nicknamed `` Big Donkey '' , is an American Major League Baseball first baseman , outfielder , and designated hitter for the Chicago White Sox .
Hurricane Kiko made landfall on the Gulf of California side of the Baja California Peninsula .
Notable storms include Hurricanes Cosme , Kiko , and Raymond .
The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 , 1989 in the Eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 1989 in the Central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1989 .
Hurricane Raymond was the strongest storm of the season , but weakened significantly before landfall .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
In plate tectonics , a divergent boundary or divergent plate boundary -LRB- also known as a constructive boundary or an extensional boundary -RRB- is a linear feature that exists between two tectonic plates that are moving away from each other .
Torrington is the largest city in Litchfield County , Connecticut and the northwestern Connecticut region .
It is standard practice to make a copy of a master recording , known as a safety copy , in case the master is lost , damaged or stolen . The phrase `` original master recording '' began in the period of acoustical audio recording - one `` cuts '' a recording because the sound is literally cut into the record .
Phosphorus trichloride is a chemical compound of phosphorus and chlorine , having chemical formula PCl3 .
Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
New Haven is a city in Nelson County , Kentucky , United States .
Massoud Barzani -LRB- ; ; born 16 August 1946 -RRB- is the current President of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region and the leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party .
Greek becomes the lingua franca far beyond Greece itself , and Hellenistic culture interacts with the cultures of Persia , Central Asia , India and Egypt .
It is the period in which Greek and Roman literature -LRB- such as Aeschylus , Ovid , Homer and others -RRB- flourished .
The Roman Forum was the central area around which ancient Rome developed .
Determining the precise end of the Republic is a task of dispute by modern historians ; Roman citizens of the time did not recognize that the Republic had ceased to exist .
Successive invasions of Germanic tribes finalize the decline of the Western Empire in the 5th century , while the Eastern Empire persists throughout the Middle Ages as the Byzantine Empire .
The Hellenistic period ended with the rise of the Roman Republic to a super-regional power in the 2nd century BC and the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC .
Respect for the ancients of Greece and Rome affected politics , philosophy , sculpture , literature , theater , education , architecture and even sexuality .
The republican period of Ancient Rome began with the overthrow of the Monarchy c. 509 BC and lasted over 450 years until its subversion , through a series of civil wars , into the Principate form of government and the Imperial period .
Classical antiquity -LRB- also the classical era or classical period -RRB- is a broad term for a long period of cultural history centered on the Mediterranean Sea , comprising the interlocking civilizations of ancient Greece and ancient Rome , collectively known as the Greco-Roman world .
The classical period of Ancient Greece corresponds to most of the 5th and 4th centuries BCE -LRB- i.e. from the fall of the Athenian tyranny in 510 BC to the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC -RRB- .
Late Antiquity sees the rise of Christianity under Constantine I , finally ousting Roman imperial cult with the Theodosian decrees of 393 .
Healdton is a city in Carter County , Oklahoma , United States .
The film was released on July 25 , 2008 .
Step Brothers is a 2008 American slapstick buddy-comedy film directed by Adam McKay , produced by Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller , and stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly , who originally teamed up in Talladega Nights -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
Lausanne is a city in Romandy , the French-speaking part of Switzerland , and is the capital of the canton of Vaud .
Afterwards , The Rock hit The Miz with The Peoples Elbow and ended the show .
After a war of words between John Cena and The Rock The Miz came down and after a distraction by The Miz , Cena laid out The Rock with the Attitude Adjustment .
The Rock approached the ring and stated that WrestleMania would not end that way and that it was `` time the people got what they want '' . He restarted the match as a no disqualification match and gave John Cena a Rock Bottom letting The Miz win .
Adelaide is the capital and most populous city of the Australian state of South Australia , and is the fifth-largest city in Australia .
Ammon is a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States .
The name has been used for various areas of civil administration , including the ancient Borough of Southwark , the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark and the current London Borough of Southwark .
Jack Frasure Hyles -LRB- September 25 , 1926 -- February 6 , 2001 -RRB- was a leading figure in the Independent Baptist movement , having pastored the First Baptist Church of Hammond in Hammond , Indiana , from 1959 until his death .
Every stalactite begins with a single mineral-laden drop of water .
The Four Corners is a region of the United States consisting of the southwestern corner of Colorado , northwestern corner of New Mexico , northeastern corner of Arizona and southeastern corner of Utah . The Four Corners area is named after the quadripoint where the boundaries of the four states meet , where the Four Corners Monument is located .
The Four Corners Area is generally defined as a circle around the Four Corners Monument located at .
Canine distemper is a viral disease that affects animals in the families Canidae , Mustelidae , Mephitidae , Hyaenidae , Ailuridae , Procyonidae , Pinnipedia , some Viverridae and Felidae -LRB- though not domestic cats ; feline distemper or panleukopenia is a different virus exclusive to cats -RRB- .
It is a single-stranded RNA virus of the family paramyxovirus , and thus a close relative of measles and rinderpest .
Despite extensive vaccination in many regions , it remains a major disease of dogs .
It is most commonly associated with domestic animals such as dogs and ferrets , although it can infect wild animals as well .
For chemical compounds containing copper .
LomÃ , with an estimated population of 737,751 , is the capital and largest city of Togo .
The city exports coffee , cocoa , copra , and palm kernels .
Located on the Gulf of Guinea , LomÃ is the country 's administrative and industrial center and its chief port .
Notable landmarks in the city include LomÃ Grand Market , the Togo National Museum in the Palais de CongrÃ s , a fetish -LRB- voodoo -RRB- market , LomÃ Cathedral , beaches and the former wharf .
Monteille is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Pitchfork Media , usually known simply as Pitchfork or P4k , is a Chicago-based daily Internet publication devoted to music criticism and commentary , music news , and artist interviews .
Its focus is on underground and independent music , especially indie rock .
Louis Alexandre Chiron -LRB- born 3 August 1899 in Monte Carlo , Monaco â `` died there on 22 June 1979 -RRB- was a Grand Prix driver .
Buironfosse is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
During the 1970s , The Liver Birds was the name of a popular British sitcom dealing with two young women in Liverpool , a play on the British slang term `` bird '' meaning a young woman .
James Maury `` Jim '' Henson -LRB- September 24 , 1936 â `` May 16 , 1990 -RRB- was an American puppeteer best known as the creator of The Muppets .
He was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft .
Brandon Jones -LRB- born October 6 , 1982 in Texarkana , Texas -RRB- is an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens .
ImÄ m Reza shrine in Mashhad , Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of ImÄ m RidhÄ , the eighth ImÄ m of Twelver Shi'ite s .
Also contained within the complex include : the Goharshad Mosque , a museum , a library , four seminaries , a cemetery , the Razavi University of Islamic Sciences , a dining hall for pilgrims , vast prayer halls , and other buildings .
David JarolÃ m -LRB- born 17 May 1979 in Ä Ã slav -RRB- is a Czech footballer who currently plays for Hamburger SV .
Private schools in Rockledge include St. Mary 's Catholic School , Rockledge Christian School , and Trinity Lutheran School .
Nicholas 's own mother , as well as his cousin , Kaiser Wilhelm , urged Nicholas to open peace negotiations . Despite the efforts for peace , Nicholas remained evasive .
On this day it is customary for men to give the women in their lives â `` mothers , wives , girlfriends , daughters , colleagues , etc. â `` flowers and small gifts .
The day is an official holiday in Afghanistan , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Burkina Faso , Cambodia , China -LRB- for women only -RRB- , Cuba , Georgia , Guinea-Bissau , Eritrea , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Laos , Macedonia -LRB- for women only -RRB- , Madagascar -LRB- for women only -RRB- , Moldova , Mongolia , Montenegro , , Nepal -LRB- for women only -RRB- , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uganda , Ukraine , Uzbekistan , Vietnam , and Zambia .
In some countries -LRB- such as Bulgaria and Romania -RRB- it is also observed as an equivalent of Mother 's Day , where children also give small presents to their mothers and grandmothers .
Like the other Dominions , Australia gained legislative independence from the Parliament of the United Kingdom by virtue of the Statute of Westminster 1931 , which was adopted in Australia in 1942 with retrospective effect from 3 September 1939 .
The federal nature of the Commonwealth and the structure of the Parliament of Australia were the subject of protracted negotiations among the colonies during the drafting of the Constitution .
The cabinet meets not only in Canberra but also in various other Australian state capitals , most frequently Sydney and Melbourne .
The theoretical possibility of the British Parliament enacting laws to override the Australian Constitution was also removed .
Section 2 of the Australian Constitution provides that a Governor-General shall represent the Queen in Australia .
This practice has been continued by all governments except the Whitlam Government .
Further , each State has its own constitution , so that Australia has seven sovereign Parliaments , none of which can encroach on the functions of any other .
The growth of the ministry in the 1940s and 1950s made this increasingly impractical , and in 1956 Robert Menzies created a two-tier ministry , with only senior ministers holding Cabinet rank , also known within parliament as the front bench .
The Commonwealth Parliament Offices in Sydney are located in Phillip Street .
By the Royal Style and Titles Act 1953 , the Australian Parliament gave the Queen the title Queen of Australia , and in 1973 removed from the Queen 's Australian style and titles any reference to her status as Queen of the United Kingdom and Defender of the Faith .
The Commonwealth of Australia is a federal constitutional monarchy under a parliamentary democracy .
This `` transfer '' legislation may have a `` sunset clause '' , a legislative provision that nullifies the transfer of power after a specified period , at which point the original division of power is restored ...
The third level of government after Commonwealth and State\/Territory is Local government , in the form of shire , town or city .
Between 1907 and 2007 , Labor Prime Ministers exercised a predominant influence over who was elected to Labor ministries , although the leaders of the party factions also exercised considerable influence .
The Sovereign of Australia , currently Queen Elizabeth II , is also the Sovereign of fifteen other Commonwealth Realms including the United Kingdom .
When the Liberal Party and its predecessors -LRB- the Nationalist Party and the United Australia Party -RRB- have been in coalition with the National Party or its predecessor the Country Party , the leader of the junior Coalition party has had the right to nominate his party 's members of the Coalition ministry , and to be consulted by the Prime Minister on the allocation of their portfolios .
The Legislature makes the laws , and supervises the activities of the other two arms with a view to changing the laws when appropriate .
Members of the Executive Council are entitled to be styled `` The Honourable '' , a title which they retain for life .
The Constitution of Australia does not recognize the Cabinet , and its decisions have no legal force .
His party won the election and he chose the ministry , as he said he would .
The proposal was defeated .
The Judiciary interprets the laws , using as a basis the laws as enacted and explanatory statements made in the Legislature during the enactment .
The Governor-General retains reserve powers similar to those possessed by the Queen in the United Kingdom .
The Commonwealth Parliament can propose changes to the Constitution .
Section 51 of the Constitution provides for the Commonwealth Government 's legislative powers and allocates certain powers and responsibilities -LRB- known as `` heads of power '' -RRB- to the federal government .
When the non-Labor parties have been in power , the Prime Minister has made all Cabinet and ministerial appointments at his own discretion , although in practice he consults with senior colleagues in making appointments .
The largely uninhabited Coral Sea Islands was established as a Territory of the Commonwealth in 1969 while Ashmore and Cartier Islands has been a territory since 1933 and administered under the laws of the Northern Territory .
Section 61 of the Constitution provides that ` The executive power of the Commonwealth is vested in the Queen and is exercisable by the Governorâ ` General as the Queenâ s representative , and extends to the execution and maintenance of this Constitution , and of the laws of the Commonwealth ' .
With this act , Australian law was made unequivocally sovereign , and the High Court of Australia was confirmed as the highest court of appeal .
The Commonwealth of Australia was formed in 1901 as a result of an agreement among six self-governing British colonies , which became the six states .
The Governor-General represents Australia internationally , making and receiving State visits .
The members of the House of Representatives are elected by preferential voting from single-member constituencies allocated among the states and territories roughly in proportion to population .
In practice , the Governor-General carries out all the functions usually performed by a head of state , without reference to the Queen .
These are rarely exercised , but during the Australian constitutional crisis of 1975 Governor-General Sir John Kerr used them independently of the Queen and the Prime Minister .
Prior to the 2007 general election , the then Leader of the Opposition , Kevin Rudd , said that he and he alone would choose the ministry should he become Prime Minister .
The Federal Executive Council consists of the Governor-General , the Prime Minister and Ministers .
There are times when the government acts in a `` caretaker '' capacity , principally in the period prior to and immediately following a general election .
The legislatures of these territories exercise powers delegated to them by the Commonwealth , and the Commonwealth Parliament retains the power to override territorial legislation and to transfer powers to or from the territories .
That is why there is always a member of the ministry holding the title Vice-President of the Executive Council .
All members of the ministry must be sworn as members of the Federal Executive Council , a body which is chaired by the Governor-General and which meets solely to endorse and give legal force to decisions already made by the Cabinet .
The terms of this agreement are embodied in the Australian Constitution , which was drawn up at a Constitutional Convention and ratified by the people of the colonies at referendums .
This may be achieved by way of an amendment to the Constitution via referendum -LRB- a vote on whether the proposed transfer of power from the States to the Commonwealth , or vice versa , should be implemented -RRB- .
The Australian Parliament is bicameral , consisting of the Queen , a 76-member Senate and a 150-member House of Representatives .
General elections are held at least once every three years .
The question of whether the Queen is Australia 's head of state became a political one during the 1999 Australian republic referendum , when opponents of the move to make Australia a republic claimed that Australia already had an Australian as head of state in the person of the Governor-General , who since 1965 has invariably been an Australian citizen .
Though in many respects the Governor-General is the Queen 's representative , and exercises various constitutional powers in her name , they are also independently vested with many important constitutional powers by the Constitution .
Under the prevailing Westminster system , the leader of the political party or coalition of parties that holds the support of a majority of the members in the House of Representatives is invited to form a government and is named Prime Minister .
The Australian Republican Movement continues to campaign for an end to the monarchy in Australia , opposed by Australians for Constitutional Monarchy .
In 2009 Prime Minister Kevin Rudd described the Governor-General as the Australian head of state , announcing an overseas visit by Quentin Bryce by saying , `` A visit to Africa of this scale by Australia 's Head of State will express the seriousness of Australia 's commitment '' .
The former Governor-General , Major General Michael Jeffery , said in 2004 : `` Her Majesty is Australia 's head of state but I am her representative and to all intents and purposes I carry out the full role . ''
In practice , the role of head of state of Australia is divided between two people , the Queen of Australia and the Governor-General of Australia , who is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia .
The day-to-day business of the house is usually negotiated between a designated senior Minister , who holds the title Leader of the House , and an Opposition frontbencher known as the Manager of Opposition Business .
Although the government , by virtue of commanding a majority of members in the lower house of the legislature , can usually pass its legislation and control the workings of the house , the Opposition can considerably delay the passage of legislation and obstruct government business if it chooses .
Under the conventions of the Westminster system the Governor-General 's powers are almost always exercised on the advice of the Prime Minister or other ministers .
Instead , these territories are largely governed by federal law , with Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands also having local governments .
Senators from the territories are also elected using preferential voting , however , their term of office is not fixed : it starts on the day of a general election for the House of Representatives and ends the day before the next such election day .
The Prime Minister and the Cabinet are responsible to the Parliament , of which they must , in most circumstances , be members .
Twelve Senators from each state are elected for six-year terms , using proportional representation and the single transferable vote -LRB- known in Australia as `` preferential voting '' : see Australian electoral system -RRB- , with half elected every three years .
However , in 2005 , he declined to name the Queen as head of state , instead saying in response to a direct question , `` The Queen is the Monarch and I represent her , and I carry out all the functions of head of state . ''
These bodies such as Councils are composed of elected representatives -LRB- known as either councilor or alderman depending on the State -RRB- , usually serving on a part-time basis .
In ordinary legislation , the two chambers have coordinate powers , but all proposals for appropriating revenue or imposing taxes must be introduced in the House of Representatives .
This was intended to allow the Senators of the smaller States to form a majority and amend or even reject bills originating in the House of Representatives .
It is a formal body which exists to give legal effect to decisions made by the Cabinet , and to carry out various other functions .
Kevin Rudd has said that he is in favor of the Cabinet meeting in other places , such as major regional cities .
Until 1956 all members of the ministry were members of the Cabinet .
The ACT and the NT also elect two senators each .
The Governor-General usually presides at Council meetings , but a Minister with the title Vice-President of the Executive Council serves as the link between the government and the Council .
The Commonwealth Constitution also provides that the States can agree to refer any of their powers to the Commonwealth .
In 1907 , however , the party decided that future Labor Cabinets would be elected by the members of the Parliamentary Labor Party , the Caucus , and the Prime Minister would retain the right to allocate portfolios .
While Australian citizens living in the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory are represented in the Commonwealth Parliament , Norfolk Islanders are not represented federally .
In addition , Australia has several territories , three of which are self-governing : the Australian Capital Territory -LRB- ACT -RRB- , the Northern Territory -LRB- NT -RRB- and Norfolk Island .
The Prime Minister has a discretion to advise the Governor-General to call an election for the House of Representatives at any time , but Senate elections can only be held within certain periods prescribed in the Constitution .
The proposal would have removed references to the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister , but subject to the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament .
The most recent general election was on 21 August 2010 .
All remaining responsibilities are retained by the six States -LRB- previously separate colonies -RRB- .
The House of Representatives is elected on a basis which reflects the differing populations of the States .
In a 1999 referendum , the Australian people voted on a proposal to change the Constitution .
Until the passage of the Australia Act 1986 , and associated legislation in the parliament of the United Kingdom , some Australian cases could be referred to the British Judicial Committee of the Privy Council for final appeal .
Section 1 of the Australian Constitution creates a democratic legislature , the bicameral Parliament of Australia which consists of the Queen and two houses , the Senate and the House of Representatives .
But the Senate is elected on a basis of equality among the States : all States elect 12 Senators , regardless of population .
To become effective , the proposals must be put to a referendum of all Australians of voting age , and must receive a `` double majority '' : a majority of all votes , and a majority of votes in a majority of States .
The Commonwealth Parliament and all the state and territory legislatures operate within the conventions of the Westminster system , with a recognized Leader of the Opposition , usually the leader of the largest party outside the government , and a Shadow Cabinet of Opposition members who `` shadow '' each member of the Ministry , asking questions on matters within the Minister 's portfolio .
The Australian Constitution dates from 1901 , when the Dominions of the British Empire were not sovereign states , and does not use the term `` head of state '' .
Australia 's other territories that are regularly inhabited -LRB- Jervis Bay , Christmas Island and the Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands -RRB- are not self-governing .
In addition to the state Senators , two senators are elected by voters from the Northern Territory -LRB- which for this purpose includes the Indian Ocean Territories , Christmas Island and the Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands -RRB- , while another two senators are elected by the voters of the Australian Capital Territory -LRB- which includes the Jervis Bay Territory for this purpose -RRB- .
When the Labor first held office under Chris Watson , Watson assumed the right to choose members of his Cabinet .
Thus New South Wales has 48 members while Tasmania has five .
As of 2000 , the population was 141,627 .
Charlotte County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Wingo is a city in Graves County , Kentucky , United States .
These large sketches , with their free and vigorous brushwork , were revolutionary at the time , and they continue to interest artists , scholars and the general public .
He told Leslie , `` When I sit down to make a sketch from nature , the first thing I try to do is to forget that I have ever seen a picture '' .
Although Constable produced paintings throughout his life for the `` finished '' picture market of patrons and R.A. exhibitions , constant refreshment in the form of on-the-spot studies was essential to his working method , and he never satisfied himself with following a formula .
Constable quietly rebelled against the artistic culture that taught artists to use their imagination to compose their pictures rather than nature itself .
The sketches themselves were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
To convey the effects of light and movement , Constable used broken brushstrokes , often in small touches , which he scumbled over lighter passages , creating an impression of sparkling light enveloping the entire landscape .
John Constable -LRB- 11 June 1776 â `` 31 March 1837 -RRB- was an English Romantic painter .
`` I have done a good deal of skying '' , Constable wrote to Fisher on 23 October 1821 ; `` I am determined to conquer all difficulties , and that most arduous one among the rest '' .
When he exhibited it in 1836 , Constable appended a text to the title : `` The mysterious monument of Stonehenge , standing remote on a bare and boundless heath , as much unconnected with the events of past ages as it is with the uses of the present , carries you back beyond all historical records into the obscurity of a totally unknown period . ''
Possibly more than any other aspect of Constable 's work , the oil sketches reveal him in retrospect to have been an avant-garde painter , one who demonstrated that landscape painting could be taken in a totally new direction .
`` The world is wide '' , he wrote , `` no two days are alike , nor even two hours ; neither were there ever two leaves of a tree alike since the creation of all the world ; and the genuine productions of art , like those of nature , are all distinct from each other . ''
Constable painted many full-scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes in order to test the composition in advance of finished pictures .
In this habit he is known to have been influenced by the pioneering work of the meteorologist Luke Howard on the classification of clouds ; Constable 's annotations of his own copy of Researches About Atmospheric Phaenomena by Thomas Forster show him to have been fully abreast of meteorological terminology .
Constable once wrote in a letter to Leslie , `` My limited and abstracted art is to be found under every hedge , and in every lane , and therefore nobody thinks it worth picking up '' .
In addition to the full-scale oil sketches , Constable completed numerous observational studies of landscapes and clouds , determined to become more scientific in his recording of atmospheric conditions .
One of the most expressionistic and powerful of all his studies is Seascape Study with Rain Cloud , painted in around 1824 at Brighton , which captures with slashing dark brushstrokes the immediacy of an exploding cumulus shower at sea .
The oil sketches of The Leaping Horse and The Hay Wain , for example , convey a vigor and expressiveness missing from Constable 's finished paintings of the same subjects .
Constable 's watercolors were also remarkably free for their time : the almost mystical Stonehenge , 1835 , with its double rainbow , is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolors ever painted .
He could never have imagined how influential his honest techniques would turn out to be .
Constable 's art inspired not only contemporaries like GÃ ricault and Delacroix , but the Barbizon School , and the French impressionists of the late nineteenth century .
The power of his physical effects was sometimes apparent even in the full-scale paintings which he exhibited in London ; The Chain Pier , 1827 , for example , prompted a critic to write : `` the atmosphere possesses a characteristic humidity about it , that almost imparts the wish for an umbrella '' .
To the sky studies he added notes , often on the back of the sketches , of the prevailing weather conditions , direction of light , and time of day , believing that the sky was `` the key note , the standard of scale , and the chief organ of sentiment '' in a landscape painting .
Constable also became interested in painting rainbow effects , for example in Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows , 1831 , and in Cottage at East Bergholt , 1833 .
This template converts ONS codes to political control for English districts .
Irreducible Mind : Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 book by Edward F. Kelly , Emily Williams Kelly , Adam Crabtree , Alan Gauld , Michael Grosso , and Bruce Greyson .
The book begins by presenting a brief overview of contemporary neuroscience followed by a summary of the approach to scientific psychology proposed by Frederic William Henry Myers .
The book is interdisciplinary in that the authors also come from various fields of psychology , science studies , and psychical research .
Lead author Edward F. Kelly is Professor of Research in the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia .
The game also had an optional female voice .
There are six games that may be played on the Bop It !
In 2005 Hasbro copyrighted the instructions to the Bop It Blast , describing it as covered under the original -LRB- 3-input -RRB- Bop It patent and referencing other patents that were pending .
In addition to the score-report cypher , the 2000 model made use of a special victory song that would play after the score if the player achieved a score of 100 points or greater .
In 2010 , Hasbro manufactured the next Bop It game called Bop It XT .
`` Beat Bop Solo '' is only available for Bop It Extreme and Bop It Extreme 2 .
This new version of the original toy increased its maximum score to 200 .
After securing the copyrights to the instructions in 2009 , Hasbro made announcements regarding the newest member of the Bop It game line , entitled Bop-It !
has three difficulty levels with `` Novice '' using only voice commands , `` Expert '' using a random mix of voice and sound commands , and `` Master '' calling out voice , sound , and color commands .
The `` Beat Bop '' mode follows a similar format as the `` Vox Bop -LRB- with voice commands -RRB- '' mode -LRB- above -RRB- and the rules are roughly equivalent . The difference in `` Beat Bop '' mode is that the game uses sounds as commands instead of words .
The game will have four difficulty levels and the same game modes as Bop It .
In 2006 , Hasbro secured the copyright to a game called Bop It Download -LRB- also called Bop It Extreme Download -RRB- .
Hasbro also added a multiplayer game called `` Party '' where all the Bop It commands are replaced with body parts .
With its instructions copyrighted in 2002 , the layout of Hasbro 's Bop It Extreme 2 was shown to be altered from that of the Bop It Extreme .
It was demonstrated at the UK Toy Fair in 2011 and it is to be released by the end of July .
If the player scores 100 points in either of the less difficult modes , the next most difficult mode is unlocked .
Bop It Download has a maximum score of 1000 and 15 difficulty levels .
The maximum score in Bratz Bop It had the same scoring as the original Bop It re-release with a victory song playing after the score cypher for scores of over 100 points .
In 1998 , Hasbro copyrighted its instructions for the Bop It Extreme , describing the underlying patents as `` pending . ''
In addition to the five modes featured in Bop It Extreme 2 , a `` Light Bop '' mode was added .
This device requires 3 AA batteries to operate .
Bounce , during the 2010 Hasbro Toy Fair .
Minor vocal additions were implemented such as the announcement of the player 's score at notable landmarks -LRB- each 100 points scored -RRB- .
At the 2009 London Toy Fair , Hasbro demonstrated Bop It ! .
This newest member of the series again increased the maximum score to a total of 500 , and for the first time allowed different high scores for different modes rather than having one high score for all modes collectively .
The game can allow the player to select a male , a female or both voices calling the commands .
Info about Bop It XT As with Bop It Extreme 2 , a headphone socket has been added to allow players to play using headphones or a loudspeaker .
Hasbro also made different accent voices .
has a new optional input , `` Shout It , '' which requires a player to shout into the microphone .
Players that achieve a score of 100 points in `` Master '' mode are considered to have beaten the game .
The same victory song from the original bop it was used to report the 500 highest score .
Bounce including three games that emphasize the speed or number of bounces and three games that emphasize the player 's ability to control the height of the bounces .
As described in its instruction manual -LRB- copyright 2004 -RRB- , Hasbro 's Bratz-themed Bop It game uses a layout like that of the earlier -LRB- 3-input -RRB- Bop It format .
In 2008 , Hasbro secured the copyrights to the instructions for the Bop It ! .
This toy features a ball and a small hand-held trampoline .
Software can be downloaded from http://www.playbopit.com which allows users to record their own voice , upload beats and sounds .
Bop It XT with Images This model is similar in appearance to Bop It Extreme however it also features the new `` Shake It '' command .
It includes the ability to download beats , and sounds .
The success of Batman : The Animated Series led to the animated spin-off film Batman : Mask of the Phantasm -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , as well as various other animated series set in the same continuity , including The New Batman Adventures , Batman Beyond , and Justice League . As with Batman : The Animated Series , each of these productions featured Kevin Conroy as the voice of Batman .
In Batman 's first appearance in Detective Comics # 27 , he is already operating as a crime fighter . Batman 's origin is first presented in Detective Comics # 33 -LRB- Nov. 1939 -RRB- , and is later fleshed out in Batman # 47 .
This is seen in the new ongoing series Batman , Inc. , where Batman will form an army of heroes that will serve as the Batman on every country of the world . To this end , Bruce publicly announces that Wayne Enterprises will aid Batman on his mission , known as `` Batman , Incorporated . ''
This is seen in the new ongoing series Batman , Inc. , where Batman will form an army of heroes that will serve as the Batman on every country of the world .
However , the three sequels , Tim Burton 's Batman Returns and director Joel Schumacher 's Batman Forever and Batman & Robin , did not perform as well at the box office .
There was a slow decline in their numbers between about 1800 and 1870 , followed by a catastrophic decline between 1870 and 1890 .
Others argue that the species had not been common in the Pre-Columbian period , but their numbers grew when devastation of the American Indian population by European diseases led to reduced competition for food .
At the time , Passenger Pigeons had one of the largest groups or flocks of any animal , second only to the Rocky Mountain locust .
The extinction of the Passenger Pigeon has two major causes .
Some estimate that there were 3 billion to 5 billion Passenger Pigeons in the United States when Europeans arrived in North America .
The term passenger pigeon in English derives from the French word passager , meaning to pass by .
Some reduction in numbers occurred because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
In the 18th century , the Passenger Pigeon in Europe was known to the French as tourtre ; but , in New France , the North American bird was called tourte .
The species went from being one of the most abundant birds in the world during the 19th century to extinction early in the 20th century .
Martha , thought to be the world 's last Passenger Pigeon , died on September 1 , 1914 , at the Cincinnati Zoo .
The Passenger Pigeon or Wild Pigeon -LRB- Ectopistes migratorius -RRB- is an extinct bird , which existed in North America and lived in enormous migratory flocks .
The primary factor emerged when pigeon meat was commercialized as a cheap food for slaves and the poor in the 19th century , resulting in hunting on a massive scale .
In modern French , the bird is known as the pigeon migrateur .
In Algonquian languages , it was called amimi by the Lenape and omiimii by the Ojibwe .
The film premiered in Mexico City on December 21 , 1944 .
Pancho tells Donald of the tradition behind the piÃ ata . Jose and Panchito then blindfold Donald , and have him attempt to break open the piÃ ata , which eventually reveal many surprises .
The music of the Mexican part was written by Mexican composer Manuel EsperÃ n , who wrote the score for over 540 Mexican movies in the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema .
Panchito then presents Donald 's present , a piÃ ata .
It was released in the United States on February 3 , 1945 .
Walt Disney , after having seen his success in the Mexican movie industry , called him personally to ask him to participate in the movie .
After the journey , Donald and Jose leave the book . Upon returning , Donald realizes that he is too small to open his third present .
His most famous gag is when he re-routes the train by drawing new tracks .
He usually pesters everyone , sometimes stealing Jose 's cigar .
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 Disney animated feature film , produced by Walt Disney and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures .
Throughout the film , the Aracuan Bird appears at random moments .
The seventh animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film plots an adventure through parts of Latin America , combining live-action and animation .
The main song for the Mexican part is '' Â Ay Jalisco , No Te Rajes ! ''
The city became a part of the newly created District of Gera -LRB- Bezirk Gera -RRB- in 1952 within the German Democratic Republic -LRB- East Germany -RRB- . After the German reunification in 1990 , Gera became part of the restored state of Thuringia â '' one of three metropolitan centers -LRB- Oberzentren -RRB- along with Jena and Erfurt .
The city became a part of the newly created District of Gera -LRB- Bezirk Gera -RRB- in 1952 within the German Democratic Republic -LRB- East Germany -RRB- .
Nagqu Prefecture -LRB- also Naqu or Nagchu -RRB- ; ; Wylie : Nag-chu Sa-khul ; simplified Chinese : é # æ å å ; pinyin : NÃ qÅ `` DÃ qÅ `` -RRB- is the largest prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region .
These probes were built at JPL and were funded by NASA .
The Voyager program is a series of U.S. unmanned space missions that consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes , Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 .
Although they were officially designated to study just Jupiter and Saturn , the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system .
Both missions have gathered large amounts of data about the gas giants of the solar system , of which little was previously known .
They were launched in 1977 to take advantage of a favorable planetary alignment of the late 1970s .
Coleraine -LRB- pronounced koal-rain , -RRB- is a large town in County Londonderry , Northern Ireland near to the mouth of the River Bann .
City of Derry Airport , 25 m to the west , Belfast International Airport , the main regional airport to the south and George Best Belfast City Airport to the southâ `` east are all relatively accessible from Coleraine .
It is 55 m northwest of Belfast and 30 m east of Derry , both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections .
EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , Inc. is an American company best known for publishing the EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , the world 's oldest continuously-published encyclopedia .
Its name `` CN '' originally referred to Canadian National , the railway company that built the tower .
The CN Tower has been and continues to be used as a communications tower for a number of different media and by numerous companies .
Since local residents wished to retain the name CN Tower , the abbreviation is now said to expand to Canada 's National Tower , rather than the original Canadian National Tower ; however , neither of these names are commonly used .
On September 12 , 2007 , the CN Tower was surpassed by Burj Khalifa .
The CN Tower is a communications and observation tower in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Panjgur is a small town in Panjgur District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
It is located at 26 Â 58 ' 0N 64 Â 5 ' 60E
Tomoo Kudaka -LRB- 14 March 1963 â `` 22 September 1999 -RRB- was a former Japanese football player .
Porza is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Ice hockey is most popular in areas that are sufficiently cold for natural reliable seasonal ice cover , such as the Czech Republic , Latvia , the Nordic countries -LRB- especially Finland and Sweden -RRB- , Russia , Slovakia , Germany , Austria , Switzerland but mostly known to be played in Canada .
In North America , the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- is the highest level for men and both the Canadian Women 's Hockey League -LRB- CWHL -RRB- and the Western Women 's Hockey League -LRB- WWHL -RRB- are the highest levels for women .
EarthEcho International is an environmental nonprofit organization founded in honor of Philippe Cousteau , by his children and widow .
EarthEcho is based in Washington , D.C. .
Mohamed Mohamed el-Amir Awad el-Sayed Atta -LRB- , Muá ammad Muá ammad al - Ä mir â Awaá as-Sayyid â Aá á a -RRB- -LRB- September 1 , 1968 â `` September 11 , 2001 -RRB- was one of the masterminds and the ringleader of the September 11 attacks who served as the hijacker-pilot of American Airlines Flight 11 , crashing the plane into the North Tower of the World Trade Center as part of the coordinated attacks .
The 1986 completion of the Alex Fraser Bridge connecting North Delta to New Westminster and Vancouver also helped Delta 's growth .
Delta is a district municipality in British Columbia , and forms part of Metro Vancouver .
Delta is composed of three distinct communities : Ladner , Tsawwassen , and North Delta .
Located south of Richmond , it is bordered by the Fraser River to the north , the United States -LRB- Point Roberts , Washington -RRB- to the south and the city of Surrey to the east .
Hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps , which serves to ward off predators .
In other species , the larvae are insectivores and prey on aphids , thrips , and other plant-sucking insects .
As their common name suggests , they are often seen hovering or nectaring at flowers ; the adults of many species feed mainly on nectar and pollen , while the larvae -LRB- maggots -RRB- eat a wide range of foods .
Some adult syrphid flies are important pollinators .
About 6,000 species in 200 genera have been described .
Hoverflies are common throughout the world and can be found on most continent except Antarctica .
Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year ; because of this , aphidophagous hoverflies are being recognized as important natural enemies of pests , and potential agents for use in biological control .
In some species , the larvae are saprotrophs , eating decaying plant and animal matter in the soil or in ponds and streams .
Mount Adams is a potentially active stratovolcano in the Cascade Range and the second-highest mountain in the U.S. state of Washington .
His father was Ealhmund of Kent .
Egbert -LRB- also spelled Ecgberht or Ecgbriht -RRB- was King of Wessex from 802 until 839 .
In the 780s Egbert was forced into exile by Offa of Mercia and Beorhtric of Wessex , but on Beorhtric 's death in 802 Egbert returned and took the throne .
Saint-Bois is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Deuterostomes are distinguished by their embryonic development ; in deuterostomes , the first opening -LRB- the blastopore -RRB- becomes the anus , while in protostomes it becomes the mouth .
They are a subtaxon of the Bilateria branch of the subregnum Eumetazoa , and are opposed to the protostomes .
Deuterostomes -LRB- taxonomic term : Deuterostomia ; from the Greek : `` second mouth '' -RRB- are a superphylum of animals .
The Peugeot 508 is a large family car launched in 2010 by French automaker Peugeot .
It replaces the Peugeot 407 as well as the larger Peugeot 607 , for which no more direct replacement is scheduled .
The Sega Game Gear was Sega 's first handheld game console .
The system was released in Japan on October 6 , 1990 , North America , Europe and Brazil in , and Australia in 1992 .
Its character as a hydrocarbon lake was confirmed by observations from the Cassini spacecraft , published in the 31 July 2008 edition of Nature .
Ontario Lacus is a lake composed of methane , ethane and propane near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Titan .
Aubiac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Oleh Fedorovych `` Oleg '' Tverdovsky -LRB- ; born May 18 , 1976 -RRB- is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- .
A variation called Bombe Alaska calls for some dark rum to be splashed over the Baked Alaska . Lights are then turned down and the whole dessert is flambÃ ed while being served .
The entire dessert is then placed in an extremely hot oven for just long enough to firm the meringue .
The meringue is an effective insulator , and the short cooking time prevents the heat from getting through to the ice cream .
February 1 is Baked Alaska Day .
Baked Alaska -LRB- also known as glace au four , omelette Ã la norvÃ gienne , Norwegian omelette and omelette surprise -RRB- is a dessert made of ice cream placed in a pie dish lined with slices of sponge cake or Christmas pudding and topped with meringue .
Tin -LRB- IV -RRB- iodide , also known as stannic iodide is the chemical compound with the formula SnI4 .
They are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
Persian lime -LRB- Citrus latifolia -RRB- , also known as Tahiti lime or Bearss lime -LRB- named after John T. Bearss , who developed this seedless variety about 1895 in his nursery at Porterville , California -RRB- , is a citrus fruit sold simply as a `` lime '' in the United States .
Once grown primarily in Florida in the U. S , it rose to prominence after Key lime orchards were wiped out there by a hurricane in 1926 , though Persian lime orchards themselves were devastated by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .
The fruit is about 6 cm in diameter , often with slightly nippled ends , and is usually sold quite green , although it yellows as it reaches full ripeness .
U.S. Persian lime imports from Mexico are handled mostly through McAllen , Texas .
Persian limes are commercialized primarily in six sizes , known as 110 's , 150 's , 175 's , 200 's , 230 's and 250 's .
The advantages of the Persian lime in commercial agriculture compared to the Key lime are the larger size , absence of seeds , hardiness , absence of thorns on the bushes , and longer fruit shelf life . They are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
It is larger , thicker-skinned , and less aromatic than the key lime -LRB- Citrus aurantifolia -RRB- , which has a wider agricultural distribution worldwide .
Large numbers of Persian limes are grown , processed , and exported every year primarily from Mexico to the American , European and Asian markets .
Bowser Jr. takes off in a hot air balloon with Princess Peach , having been told by Bowser that Peach is his mother .
Mario cleans up the island with a device called FLUDD -LRB- Flash Liquidizer Ultra Dousing Device -RRB- invented by Professor E. Gadd .
There , Mario defeats a huge Bowser robot being controlled by Shadow Mario which is called Mecha Bowser . It is then revealed that Shadow Mario 's real identity is Bowser Jr. , the youngest son of Bowser .
The game takes place on the tropical Isle Delfino , where Mario , Toadsworth , Princess Peach and five Toads are taking a vacation .
Super Mario Sunshine is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube . It was released in Japan in July 2002 , in North America in August 2002 , and in Europe and Australia in October 2002 .
The Iowa River flows through Belmond , past a river park . Belmond has a country club and golf course .
The seat of the U.S. federal government in Washington is a federal district known as the District of Columbia which is not part of any state .
YÅ kai are a class of preternatural creatures in Japanese folklore ranging from the evil oni -LRB- ogre -RRB- to the mischievous kitsune -LRB- fox -RRB- or snow woman Yuki-onna . Some possess part animal and part human features -LRB- e.g. Kappa and Tengu -RRB- .
In more modern works , yÅ kai and makai are used synonymously as the supernatural world where yÅ kai live .
He was credited as being the first Westerner to encounter the Niger River .
Mungo Park -LRB- 11 September 1771 -- 1806 -RRB- was a Scottish explorer of the African continent .
Mullen is credited with inventing the flatground ollie , the kickflip -LRB- originally called the `` magic flip '' -RRB- in 1983 , the heelflip , the impossible , and a long list of other original tricks .
John Rodney Mullen -LRB- born August 17 , 1966 in Gainesville , Florida -RRB- is a professional freestyle and street skateboarder .
In relation to obstacles , he sequences tricks , mixes flip tricks with grinds and board slides . In the video , Mullen introduced two newly invented tricks , the Kickflip Underflip and the Casper slide .
Mullen is the main `` skate double '' for Christian Slater in the 1989 movie Gleaming the Cube .
Stanford is a city in Lincoln County , Kentucky , United States .
In North German and Danish cuisine plaice is one of the most commonly eaten fishes .
Fresh plaice is also oven-baked .
Battered plaice can also be served hot with french fries and remoulade sauce as a main dish ; this fish and chips variant is commonly available as a children 's special in Danish restaurants .
Breaded frozen plaice , ready to be baked or fried at home , are readily available in supermarkets .
The European plaice , Pleuronectes platessa , is a commercially important flatfish .
Filleted , battered and pan-fried plaice is popular hot or cold as an open sandwich topping together with remoulade sauce and lemon slices .
Plaice is sometimes used as the fish in fish and chips , in countries where the dish is popular .
La Chapelle-du-Ch Ã cents telard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Accompanying the general Belisarius in the wars of the Emperor Justinian I , he became the principal historian of the 6th century , writing the Wars of Justinian , the Buildings of Justinian and the celebrated Secret History .
Procopius of Caesarea -LRB- Latin : Procopius Caesarensis , ; c. AD 500 â `` c. AD 565 -RRB- was a prominent Byzantine scholar from Palestine .
Procopius was the author of a history in eight books of the wars fought by Justinian I , a panegyric on Justinian 's public works throughout the empire , and a book known as the Secret History -LRB- Greek : Anekdota -RRB- that claims to report the scandals that Procopius could not include in his published history .
A number of historical novels based on Procopius ' works -LRB- along with other sources -RRB- have been written , one of which , Count Belisarius , was written by poet and novelist Robert Graves in 1938 .
He is commonly held to be the last major historian of the ancient world .
This article is based on an earlier version by James Allan Evans , originally posted at Nupedia .
The writings of Procopius are the primary source of information for the rule of the Roman emperor Justinian .
It is a remake of the British sitcom , Man About the House .
Three 's Company is an American sitcom that aired from March 15 , 1977 , to September 18 , 1984 , on ABC .
His other musical project is indie band Babyshambles .
Peter Doherty -LRB- born 12 March 1979 -RRB- is an English musician , writer , actor , poet and artist .
Chachapoyas is a province of the Amazonas Region , Peru .
They are sometimes mistaken for a Siberian Husky , but in fact are quite different in many ways .
The Alaskan Malamute is a generally large , wolf-like breed of domestic dog -LRB- Canis lupus familiaris -RRB- originally bred for use as an Alaskan sled dog .
Russell Dominic Peters -LRB- born September 29 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian comedian and actor of Anglo-Indian origin .
Bieber has maintained contact with his father , Jeremy Jack Bieber , who married another woman and had two children . Bieber 's paternal great-grandfather was a German immigrant to Canada .
Saint-Sernin is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Richard Cromwell -LRB- 4 October 1626 -- 12 July 1712 -RRB- was the third son of Oliver Cromwell . He was the second Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland , serving for just under nine months , from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659 .
Macerata is a city and comune in central Italy , the capital of the province of Macerata in the Marche region .
In Australia , the Za Kabuki troupe at the Australian National University has performed a kabuki drama each year since 1976 , the longest regular kabuki performance outside of Japan .
Final Fantasy Tactics is a tactical role-playing game developed and published by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- for the Sony PlayStation video game console .
Joannas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Villandraut is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Denier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais dÃ partement in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hamer is a city in Jefferson County , Idaho , United States .
Dachshunds may not be the best pets for small children .
Dachshunds may not be the best pets for small children . Like any dog , dachshunds need a proper introduction at a young age .
What can be agreed on , however , is that the short-haired dachshund gave rise to both the long-haired and the wire-haired varieties .
There are three types , classified by their coats : short-haired , called `` smooth '' ; long-haired ; and wire-haired .
Although `` dachshund '' is a German word , in modern German they are also commonly known by the name Dackel ; in the case of the formally certified hunting and tracking rank , the name Teckel is used .
The wire-haired dachshund , the last to develop , was created in late 19th century .
In its modern incarnation , the dachshund is a creation of German breeders and includes elements of German , French , and English hounds and terriers .
The Connecticut Department of Public Safety has its headquarters in Middletown .
After completing his tenure with the Hilltops , Guebert moved on to play university football with the University of Saskatchewan Huskies .
In addition , Guebert is a member of the 2004-05 Huskie Athletics All Academic 1st Team and 2004-05 CIS Academic All-Canadian Team .
He was released following the 2008 season .
In both 2002 and 2003 , Guebert was selected as the Prairie Football Conference Outstanding Defensive Lineman .
Guebert attended training camp with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2003 , appearing in one exhibition game against Winnipeg .
He was also chosen as the Hilltops ' Outstanding Lineman in 2002 and their Outstanding Graduate in 2003 .
Guebert was signed as a free agent with Winnipeg on May 30 , 2007 and was an active special teams player .
He appeared in the Vanier Cup in 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 .
Guebert played with the Saskatoon Hilltops , winning the Canadian Junior Football League championship in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 .
Guebert attended Lutheran Collegiate Bible Institute in Outlook , Saskatchewan , where his team won the six-man Saskatchewan High School Provincial Football Championship in 1998 .
He was selected as a Canada West All-Star in 2004 , and both a Canada West All-Star and First Team All-Canadian in 2006 .
Brian Guebert -LRB- born December 19 , 1981 -RRB- is a Canadian Football League defensive end who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
He was selected as the Defensive MVP in the 1999 Can-Am Bowl , and was chosen as the Outstanding Defensive Lineman in the 1999 Saskatchewan Senior Bowl .
National Express East Anglia -LRB- commonly abbreviated to NXEA -RRB- is a train operating company and brand name of London Eastern Railway Ltd in the United Kingdom .
It is part of the National Express Group and was branded as â oneâ from 1 April 2004 to 26 February 2008 .
It provides local , suburban and express services from Liverpool Street station in the City of London to destinations in the railway franchise known as the Greater Anglia network , stretching from north and east Greater London to Essex , Hertfordshire , Cambridgeshire , Suffolk and Norfolk in the East of England -LRB- East Anglia -RRB- .
FouchÃ res is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Its current form has been in use since 19 June 1946 and was formally adopted on 1 January 1948 .
Isle-Aubigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Hallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
The pan weighs over 1,000 pounds .
Brandon is a city in Buchanan County , Iowa , United States .
The population was 311 at the 2000 census .
Iowa 's Largest Frying Pan is located in the town .
The lines between the Bolsheviks and the Mensheviks hardened in April 1905 when the Bolsheviks held a Bolsheviks-only meeting in London , which they called the Third Party Congress .
Balnot-la-Grange is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
His grandchildren included John Foster Dulles , who also became a U.S. Secretary of State , Allen Welsh Dulles , a Director of Central Intelligence , Eleanor Lansing Dulles , economist and diplomat .
He also helped the Qing Dynasty in drafting the Treaty of Shimonoseki of 1895 as a legal consultant and commissioner .
Following the war he worked as a journalist , editing the Evansville Daily Journal from 1865 to 1869 .
Born in Petersburg , Indiana , and raised in Evansville , Indiana , he was first a lawyer and then served as general for the Union in the American Civil War .
John Watson Foster -LRB- March 2 , 1836 â `` November 15 , 1917 -RRB- was an American military man , journalist and diplomat .
He is also the great-grandfather of the noted Catholic theologian Cardinal Avery Dulles .
The Anguidae is a large and diverse family of lizards native to the northern hemisphere .
The first president is Sukarno and the current president is Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
The President of the Republic of Indonesia is the head of state and the head of government of the Republic of Indonesia .
Takafumi Mikuriya is a Japanese football player currently playing for Thespa Kusatsu .
A second twenty-episode season ran from March 17 , 2006 through December 1 .
When the series debuted , it was rated the best animated television series in its demographic ; new episodes averaged 3.1 million viewers each .
Zuko , in a change of heart , decides to defy his father and join the Avatar .
Initially the invasion proceeds as planned , but Aang fails to find the Fire Lord before the eclipse ends .
The three travel to the Northern Water Tribe so Aang and Katara can learn Waterbending .
The figure ultimately went unreleased , however , as the entire line was canceled before she could be produced .
At the Southern Air Temple Aang meets his Avatar guide , Avatar Roku .
Avatar-themed roller coasters at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America and one formerly at Kings Island also appeared .
Avatar is notable for borrowing extensively from Asian art and mythology to create its universe .
Hung Gar was used for `` Earthbending '' in the series , and was chosen for its firmly rooted stances and powerful strikes to present the solid nature of earth .
Avatar : The Last Airbender -LRB- also known as Avatar : The Legend of Aang -RRB- is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 .
In Magic and Mystery in Tibet , Alexandra David-Neel writes that `` a number of objects such as rosaries , ritualistic implements , books , tea-cups , etc. , are placed together , and the child must pick out those which belonged to the late tulku , thus showing that he recognizes the things which were theirs in their previous life . ''
After leaving the North Pole , Aang masters Waterbending under Katara 's tutelage .
In the United States , first two episodes of the series were shown together in a one-hour premiere event .
One hundred years later Katara , a fourteen-year-old Waterbender girl , and her older warrior brother , fifteen-year-old Sokka , free Aang and Appa from the iceberg .
Sokka has planned a small-scale invasion of the Fire Nation to capture the Fire Lord 's palace and defeat Fire Lord Ozai , taking advantage of the solar eclipse .
Zuko travels with his uncle Iroh , a legendary Fire Nation general and the older brother of Ozai .
In the showâ s opening , each element is accompanied by two Chinese characters : an ancient Chinese seal script character on the left representing the element being shown and a modern Chinese character on the right describing some feature of the element .
In order to avoid repetition of Aang 's adventures , the creators wanted to root the show in one place , called Republic City .
The choreographed martial art bending moves were profoundly affected by Asian cinema .
Katara revives Aang with special spirit water from the North Pole , but his seventh chakra is blocked and he can not enter the Avatar State .
Dark Horse Comics released an art book titled Avatar : The Last Airbender â '' The Art of the Animated Series , on June 2 , 2010 which contains 184 pages of the original art and creation behind the Avatar animated series .
Avatar is set in an Asian-influenced world of Chinese martial arts in which psychic elemental manipulation is possible .
After some reluctance from Katara and Sokka , Team Avatar allows Zuko to join the group .
If an Avatar is killed in the Avatar State , the reincarnation cycle will be broken , and the Avatar will cease to exist .
During the week of July 14 , it ranked as the most-viewed program for the under-14 demographic .
In a final confrontation , Zuko sides with his sister , who promises to restore his honor .
The final four episodes were packaged as a two-hour movie .
They expect consumers to spend about $ 121 million in 2007 , rising to $ 254 million by 2009 .
During the show 's runtime , Nickelodeon published two special issues of Nick Mag Presents dedicated entirely to the show .
With Ozai defeated , the war quickly ends .
Examples include the classical Hindu , Buddhist , and Greek elemental traditions .
The series was ranked first on Nickelodeon in Germany , Indonesia , Malaysia , Belgium , and Colombia .
Sozin 's Comet also appeared on iTunes ' top ten list of best-selling television episodes during that same week .
The show is obtainable from various sources , including on DVD , the iTunes Store , the Zune Marketplace , the Xbox Live Marketplace , the PlayStation Store , Netflix Instant Play , and on the Nicktoons Network .
Finally , the character æ '' -LRB- pinyin : qi -RRB- , which stands for air , is shown with å ' -LRB- pinyin : he -RRB- , which means peace and harmony .
Legend holds the Avatar must master each bending art in seasonal order as well , starting with their native element .
Our love for Japanese anime , Hong Kong action and kung fu cinema , yoga , and Eastern philosophies led us to the initial inspiration for Avatar . ''
Searching for a new Earthbending teacher , the group meets Toph , a blind Earthbending prodigy who teaches Aang how to `` see '' using Earthbending and vibrations .
The show drew on elements from traditional Asian culture , blending the styles of anime and American domestic cartoons .
Each user is able to create their own character , choose a nation , and to interact with others across the globe .
An art book was also released in mid-2010 .
A third and final season , beginning September 21 , 2007 , featured twenty-one episodes rather than the usual twenty .
Avatar : The Last Airbender was popular with both audiences and critics , garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best-rated showing and receiving high ratings in the Nicktoons lineup , even outside its 6 â `` 11-year-old demographic .
The series will focus on Korra , a teenage female protagonist from the Southern Water Tribe and the current reincarnation of the Avatar .
Avatar : The Last Airbender was co-created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko at Nickelodeon Animation Studios in Burbank , California .
The character ç `` -LRB- pinyin : huo -RRB- , which stands for fire , is shown with ç -LRB- pinyin : lie -RRB- , which means intensity and passion .
Avatar : The Last Airbender draws on the four classical elements common to many ancient philosophies for its bending arts : Water , Earth , Fire and Air .
The Mattel-produced action figure toy line generated some controversy with its exclusion of any female characters .
In an interview , Bryan revealed that , `` Mike and I were really interested in other epic ` Legends & Lore ' properties , like Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings , but we knew that we wanted to take a different approach to that type of genre .
One who attains union with Spirit and then returns to earth to help humanity is called an avatar .
After capturing and impersonating the Kyoshi Warriors , friends of Team Avatar , Azula persuades an elite group of Earthbenders called the Dai Li to instigate a coup d' Ã tat , allowing the Fire Nation to capture Ba Sing Se .
A concept drawing of the city , released with the announcement of the series , shows the city 's design as inspired by Shanghai in the 1920s and 1930s , Hong Kong , Manhattan , and Vancouver .
According to Bryan Konietzko , the program was conceived in the spring of 2001 when he took an old sketch of a balding , middle-aged man and re-imagined the character as a child .
Each successor is expected to show signs of continuity with the previous Avatar , such as being born within a week of the death .
Zuko is crowned the new Fire Lord and , with the help of the Avatar and his friends , begins rebuilding the four nations .
Animation work was mostly done by three animation studios in South Korea : JM Animation , DR Movie and Moi Animation .
Sozin 's Comets popularity affected online media as well ; `` Rise of the Phoenix King '' , a Nick.com online game based on Sozin 's Comet , generated almost 815,000 game plays within three days .
The Chinese characters that appear at the top of the show 's title card mean `` the divine medium who has descended upon the mortal world . ''
Traditional East Asian calligraphy styles are used for nearly all the writing in the series .
The show 's creators based each Bending style on a style of real-world martial art , leading to visual differences in the techniques used by Waterbenders -LRB- Tai chi -RRB- , Earthbenders -LRB- Hung Ga kung fu , for the most part -RRB- , Firebenders -LRB- Northern Shaolin kung fu -RRB- and Airbenders -LRB- Baguazhang -RRB- .
In the Hindu scriptures , avatara signifies the descent of Divinity into flesh .
For the Avatar , learning to bend their opposite element can be extremely difficult ; the example shown in the series is Aang 's inability to stand his ground head-on while Earthbending , his Airbender training having placed emphasis on circling , approaching from new angles and adapting on the fly .
It was announced at the annual Comic-Con in San Diego on July 22 , 2010 that a series based on Avatar : The Last Airbender is currently in development at Nickelodeon and due for release sometime in 2012 .
Zuko catches up with Aang at the Western Air Temple and offers to teach Aang Firebending .
Avatars success has led to some promotional advertising with third-party companies , such as Burger King and Upper Deck Entertainment .
A one-hour special showing of `` The Secret of the Fire Nation '' which aired on September 15 , 2006 , consisting of `` The Serpent 's Pass '' and `` The Drill '' , gathered an audience of 5.1 million viewers .
Avatar : Legends of the Arena , a massive multiplayer online roleplaying game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- for Microsoft Windows , was launched on September 25 , 2008 by Nickelodeon .
At any given time , there is only one person alive in the world of Avatar who is capable of bending all four elements : the show 's eponymous Avatar , the spiritual entity of the planet manifested in human form .
Competing with Zuko for the Avatar is Admiral Zhao , who leads a Fire Nation assault on the Northern Water Tribe .
According to the Nielsen Media Research , the special was the best performing cable television show airing in that week .
Various members of the Avatar staff and cast appeared at the 2006 San Diego Comic-Con International convention , while Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko appeared with Martial Arts Consultant Sifu Kisu at the Pacific Media Expo on October 28 , 2006 .
On their journey , the trio is constantly pursued by Prince Zuko , the exiled son of Fire Lord Ozai , who can only reclaim his honor and throne if he captures the Avatar .
In addition to the use of four classical elements in the series , the fighting styles associated with each element are all taken from different styles of Chinese martial arts .
The character was partly inspired by Avatar Kyoshi of the original series , whom the creators say was very popular among fans .
The term `` Avatar '' comes from the Indian language of Sanskrit .
Azula and her two friends Mai and Ty Lee pursue Team Avatar , who struggle to reach Ba Sing Se , the Earth Kingdom capital , and tell the Earth King of the eclipse .
Tentatively titled The Last Airbender : Legend of Korra -LRB- originally titled Avatar : Legend of Korra -RRB- , it will be a twenty-six episode mini series that takes place in the same fictional universe as the original show , except seventy-five years later .
The series was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , who served as executive producers along with Aaron Ehasz .
The show employed a cultural consultant , Edwin Zane , and calligrapher Siu-Leung Lee as consultants for the series ' cultural influences .
The series ends as Aang and Katara kiss beneath the sunset .
The character æ -LRB- pinyin : shui -RRB- , which stands for water , is shown with å -- -LRB- pinyin : shan -RRB- , which means benevolence and adaptivity .
For each instance of calligraphy , an appropriate style is used , ranging from seal script -LRB- more archaic -RRB- to clerical script .
The series follows the adventures of the main protagonist Aang and his friends , who must save the world by defeating the evil Fire Lord and ending the destructive war with the Fire Nation .
The series was first revealed to the public in a teaser reel at Comic-Con 2004 , and aired February 21 , 2005 .
Northern Shaolin , which uses strong arm and leg movements was used for `` Firebending '' .
Avatar also has its own line of t-shirts , LEGO playsets , toys , a trading card game , a cine-manga , and three video games , as well as an MMO .
Aang and his friends discover that an upcoming solar eclipse will deprive Firebenders of their bending , leaving them open to invasion and giving Aang his chance to defeat the Fire Lord , but in learning this Aang 's Sky Bison is lost to a group of Sandbenders .
The first season 's success prompted Nickelodeon to order second and third seasons .
The character å -LRB- pinyin : tu -RRB- , which stands for earth , is shown with å 1\/4 -LRB- pinyin : qiang -RRB- , which means strength and stability .
Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami openly stated her belief that the franchise `` could become their Harry Potter '' .
The series ' character designs are heavily influenced by anime as well as Chinese art and history , Hinduism , Taoism , Buddhism , and Yoga .
According to the plot , during a period where Aang was young , he unknowingly revealed he was the Avatar when he chose four toys out of thousands , each of which were the childhood toys of the previous Avatars .
Konietzko drew the character herding bison in the sky , and showed the sketch to Mike DiMartino .
The word AvatÄ ra , -LRB- Sanskrit : -RRB- , which means `` descent '' ; its roots are ava , `` down , '' and tri , `` to pass . ''
Ironically , Aang is the only Air Nomad to survive the attack .
The only exception to these styles is Toph , who can be seen practicing a Chu Gar Southern Praying Mantis style .
Nickelodeon executives have since released optimistic plans for upcoming marketing strategies in regards to Avatar .
Tai Chi was used for `` Waterbending '' in the series , and it focuses on alignment , body structure , breath , and visualization .
The marketing plans are to be coincided with the release of the first live-action film based on the series in 2010 , which will be the first film in a trilogy .
Zuko , with the help of his uncle , tries to come to terms with his troubled past and his obsession with capturing the Avatar .
The Avatar possesses a unique power and ability called the Avatar State , which endows the Avatar with all the knowledge and abilities of all past Avatars and acts as a self-triggering defense mechanism , although it can be made subject to the will of the user through various methods , such as extensive trial and training .
Mattel came to release information stating that they have taken account of Katara 's increased role within the program , and that she would be included in the figure assortment for a mid 2007 release .
Avatar : The Last Airbender has been nominated for and won awards from the Annual Annie Awards , the Genesis Awards , the primetime Emmy awards and a Peabody Award among others .
Ba Gua , which uses dynamic circular movements and quick directional changes , was used for `` Airbending '' .
Avatar : The Last Airbender takes place in a world that is home to humans , fantastic animals , and spirits .
It will involve Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , the creators and producers of the original series .
The series employed Sifu Kisu of the Harmonious Fist Chinese Athletic Association as a martial arts consultant .
One hundred years before the start of the series , a twelve-year-old Airbender named Aang learns he is the new Avatar .
Human civilization is divided into four nations : the Water Tribe , the Earth Kingdom , the Fire Nation , and the Air Nomads .
Although each has its own variation , most ancient philosophies incorporate these four elements in some way .
Through the ages , countless incarnations of Avatar have served to keep the four nations in harmony , and maintain world order .
At the time , DiMartino was studying a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole .
Aang awakens to find the group disguised as Fire Nation soldiers heading West on a Fire Nation ship , while Zuko has been restored to his position as crown prince and Iroh is imprisoned as a traitor .
Furthermore , people known as Benders have the power and ability to control and manipulate the eponymous element of their nation using the physical motions of martial arts .
Each nation has its own natural element , on which it bases its society .
The invasion ultimately fails , and only Aang and the rest of the young ones are able to escape .
Its July 19 , 2008 premiere averaged 5.6 million viewers , 95 % more viewers than Nickelodeon had received in mid-July 2007 .
During their flight , they become caught in a fierce storm and crash into the ocean ; Aang 's protective Avatar State is triggered , and it encases the pair in an iceberg , in suspended animation .
Meanwhile , Zuko and Iroh , now fugitives from the Fire Nation , attempt to lead new lives in the Earth Kingdom .
In Tibetan Buddhism , there is a similar test for reincarnations of a Tulku Lama .
Furthermore , the president of Nickelodeon announced on July 21 , 2010 that a spin-off mini-series called The Last Airbender : Legend of Korra will premiere in 2012 .
Azula mortally wounds Aang , who is in the Avatar State , with a lightning blast .
In other media , the series has spawned a live-action movie trilogy , the first titled The Last Airbender , directed by M. Night Shyamalan , scaled action figures , a trading card game , three video games based on the first , second , and third seasons , stuffed animals distributed by Paramount Parks , and two LEGO sets .
They experimented with use of a wide range of different instruments , such as the guzheng , pipa and duduk , to compose a background music that fits into the world .
While on their journey , Aang and friends visit the Southern Air Temple where Aang discovers that the Fire Nation wiped out the Air Nomads .
All music and sound used in the series was done by Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn , who formed The Track Team .
When an Avatar dies , he or she is reincarnated into the next nation in the Avatar Cycle , in the order of the seasons .
In the show , Korra will have to learn Airbending from master Tenzin , son of Aang and Katara , and contend with an anti-bender revolution taking place in the city .
The pilot episode first aired on February 21 , 2005 and the series concluded with a widely praised two-hour television movie on July 19 , 2008 .
Fearful of the heavy responsibilities of the position , and being separated from his beloved mentor Monk Gyatso , Aang flees from home on his animal guide , a giant six-legged flying bison named Appa .
In 2007 , Avatar was syndicated to more than 105 countries worldwide , and was one of Nickelodeon 's top rated programs .
Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected .
The invasion will be staged by a ragtag group of benders and warriors whom Aang has helped along his journey .
Meanwhile , Fire Lord Sozin , who killed the previous Avatar because he would have acted to stop his war plans , begins a genocidal assault on the Air Nomads . Sozin knew that the new Avatar would be an Air Nomad , and eliminated them in order to ensure his domination of the world would not be interrupted .
The series finale , Sozin 's Comet : The Final Battle , received the highest ratings of the series .
ArrentiÃ res is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Discovered in the mid-19th century , they have been territories of Australia since 1947 and contain the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory , one of which , Mawson Peak , is the highest Australian mountain .
The group 's overall size is 372 k in area and it has 101.9 k of coastline .
The Heard Island and McDonald Islands -LRB- abbreviated as HIMI -RRB- are an Australian external territory and volcanic group of barren Antarctic islands , about two-thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica .
It is the only U.S. state flag with a field of green as well as the only state flag with the image of an American president .
The flag of the state of Washington consists of the state seal -LRB- which bears an image of George Washington -RRB- on a field of dark green with gold fringe being optional .
William Ralph Dean -LRB- 22 January 1907 -- 1 March 1980 -RRB- , better known as Dixie Dean , was an English football player .
Countries in the Middle East .
Eric Ken Shinseki -LRB- Ê É nË sÉ ki ; born November 28 , 1942 -RRB- is a retired United States Army four-star general who is currently serving as the 7th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
His final U.S. Army post was as the 34th Chief of Staff of the Army -LRB- 1999 â `` 2003 -RRB- .
Charles `` Charlie '' Brown is the protagonist in the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
George Mifflin Dallas -LRB- July 10 , 1792 - December 31 , 1864 -RRB- was a U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania and the 11th Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1845-1849 -RRB- , serving under James K. Polk .
La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Old Major , the old boar on the Manor Farm , calls the animals on the farm for a meeting , where he compares the humans to parasites and teaches the animals a revolutionary song , `` Beasts of England '' .
They are regularly shown repeating the phrase `` four legs good , two legs bad '' . At the end of the novel , one of the Seven Commandments is changed after the pigs learn to walk on two legs and their shout changes to `` four legs good , two legs better '' .
Mailsi Tehsil is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Shin Tanada -LRB- born 25 July 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Great Auk is mentioned in a number of novels and the scientific journal of the American Ornithologists ' Union is named The Auk in honor of this bird .
LingÃ vres is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Piltene is a town in northwestern Latvia .
Ciprian Andrei Marica -LRB- born 2 October 1985 in Bucharest -RRB- is a Romanian footballer who currently plays for VfB Stuttgart .
When Hurricane Hugo destroyed the island 's only Olympic-sized swimming pool in 1989 , Duncan was forced to swim in the ocean and he quickly lost his enthusiasm for swimming because of his fear of sharks .
Timothy Theodore `` Tim '' Duncan -LRB- born April 25 , 1976 -RRB- is a Virgin Islander American professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
Duncan graduated from college before entering the 1997 NBA Draft as the number one pick , and his list of accomplishments , remarkable consistency , and leadership in the Spurs ' NBA championship runs in 1999 , 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 have led basketball experts to consider him to be one of the greatest power forwards in NBA history .
The Yemen national football team , is the national team of Yemen and is controlled by the Yemen Football Association .
Vuillery is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The fifth edition -LRB- `` DSM-5 '' -RRB- is currently in consultation , planning and preparation , due for publication in May 2013 .
The manual evolved from systems for collecting census and psychiatric hospital statistics , and from a manual developed by the US Army , and was dramatically revised in 1980 .
There have been five revisions since it was first published in 1952 , gradually including more mental disorders , although some have been removed and are no longer considered to be mental disorders , most notably homosexuality .
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- is published by the American Psychiatric Association and provides a common language and standard criteria for the classification of mental disorders .
It is used in the United States and in varying degrees around the world , by clinicians , researchers , psychiatric drug regulation agencies , health insurance companies , pharmaceutical companies , and policy makers .
The last major revision was the fourth edition -LRB- `` DSM-IV '' -RRB- , published in 1994 , although a `` text revision '' was produced in 2000 .
Dewal Manal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Dewal Manal is located in the southern part of Abbottabad District and borders the following Union Councils : Nara and Seer Gharbi -LRB- to the South -RRB- , Nathia Gali and Nagri Bala to the east and Garhi Phulgran -LRB- to the west and north -RRB- .
The main tribe of this Union Council is the Karlal .
Negligence is different in that the plaintiff must prove his loss , and a particular kind of loss , to recover .
He also had two hits in Europe personally during 1994 , with `` Heartbreak Angel '' and `` Heartless Dancer '' .
David Brandes -LRB- born December 9 , 1968 in Basle as David BrÃ ndle -RRB- is a Swiss-born German songwriter and producer .
Brandes has written and produced for many artists , including E-Rotic , Bad Boys Blue , Chris Norman , Indiggo , Lemon Ice and Vanilla Ninja .
Ebba is the great-granddaughter of the former Swedish Prime Minister , Oscar von Sydow . She is related to actor Max von Sydow and Social Democratic politician BjÃ rn von Sydow .
Venizel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Akita Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the TÅ hoku Region of northern HonshÅ `` , the main island of Japan .
The capital is the city of Akita .
Akita is famous for rice farming and its sake breweries .
Hewitt grew up in Nolanville , Texas .
She appeared in the sequel I Still Know What You Did Last Summer -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , which , though not as successful as the first film , took in more money on its opening weekend .
Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- born February 21 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actress , singer-songwriter , film and television director and producer .
After moving to Los Angeles , Hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials .
By the time she was five , Hewitt already had tap dancing and ballet in her portfolio .
At the age of three , she sang `` The Greatest Love of All '' at a livestock show .
Her first break came as a child actor on the Disney Channel variety show Kids Incorporated -LRB- 1989 â `` 1991 -RRB- , where she was credited as just Love Hewitt .
Hewitt made her film debut in the independent film Munchie -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .
Other notable film roles include the high-school comedy Ca n't Hardly Wait -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and a starring role with Sigourney Weaver in the romantic comedy Heartbreakers -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
Hewitt was born in Waco , Texas , and is the daughter of Patricia Mae -LRB- nÃ e Shipp -RRB- , a speech-language pathologist , and Herbert Daniel Hewitt , a medical technician .
She rose to fame in teenage popular culture in her roles in the Fox series Party of Five , as Sarah Reeves , and films I Know What You Did Last Summer and its sequel , as Julie James .
After the divorce of her parents , Hewitt and her older brother , Todd Hewitt , were brought up by her mother .
As a young girl , Hewitt was attracted to music , which led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry .
At the age of ten , at the suggestion of talent scouts and winning the title of Texas Our Little Miss Talent Winner , she moved to Los Angeles , with her mother to pursue a career in both acting and singing .
A variation that is made with brown sugar and no chocolate is called a blondie .
Claudia Schiffer -LRB- born 25 August 1970 -RRB- is a German model and occasional actress , who reached the peak of her popularity during the 1990s , initially due to her resemblance to Brigitte Bardot .
She has released four exercise videos , entitled Claudia Schiffer 's Perfectly Fit , which were successful and reached the bestsellers list . Schiffer has hosted the French Fashion Awards and the World Music Awards in Monaco .
Schiffer is one of the world 's most successful models , having appeared on over 500 magazine covers .
Groissiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
His five sons , Cyrus Baldwin -LRB- 1773-1854 -RRB- , Benjamin Franklin Baldwin -LRB- 1777-1821 -RRB- , Loammi Baldwin , Jr. -LRB- 1780-1834 -RRB- , James Fowle Baldwin -LRB- 1782-1862 -RRB- , and George Rumford Baldwin -LRB- 1798-1888 -RRB- were also well-known engineers .
Baldwin began work with his older sons on the Middlesex Canal in 1794 and after nine years , the canal began service in 1803 .
Baldwin was elected to various public offices between 1780 and 1796 .
Colonel Loammi Baldwin -LRB- January 10 , 1744-October 20 , 1807 -RRB- was a noted American engineer , politician , and a soldier in the American Revolutionary War .
His son Benjamin worked on the Boston Mill Dam for before an early death at age 43 .
Until the end of 1775 , Baldwin and his men remained near Boston , but in April 1776 , he was ordered with his command to New York City .
Baldwin is known as the Father of American Civil Engineering .
In 1774 Baldwin enlisted in a regiment , and commanded the Woburn militia at the Battle of Lexington and Concord as a major .
His son Cyrus continued his father 's work on the Middlesex Canal as an agent for the canal company .
Baldwin and his regiment participated in both the crossing and the fight .
He later worked on Boston 's fortifications .
In 1777 , Baldwin resigned from the army because of ill health .
From 1778-1784 , he represented Woburn in the Massachusetts General Court .
At the beginning of the war he enlisted in the 26th Continental Regiment commanded by Colonel Samuel Gerrish .
In 1794 , he was a candidate for election to the United States House of Representatives , and obtained all the votes cast in Woburn but one .
He was appointed high sheriff of Middlesex County in 1780 , and was the first to hold office after the adoption of the state constitution .
On the night of December 25 , 1776 , in the face of a violent and extremely cold storm of snow and hail , General Washington and his army crossed the Delaware to the New Jersey side , and fought the Battle of Trenton .
He surveyed and was responsible for the construction of the Middlesex Canal , but today he is perhaps best remembered for the Baldwin apple which he developed at his farm , or rather he recognized its potential and propagated it throughout the northeast .
Here he rapidly advanced to be lieutenant-colonel , and upon Colonel Gerrish 's retirement in August 1775 , he was placed in command of the regiment , and was soon commissioned colonel .
The film was released in the United States in 1967 and is the second part of what is commonly known as the Dollars Trilogy .
For a Few Dollars More is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood , Lee Van Cleef and Gian Maria VolontÃ .
Tensions sometimes ran high between the settlers and the `` Vandemonians '' as they were termed , particularly during the Victorian gold rush when a flood of settlers from Van Diemen 's Land rushed to the Victorian gold fields .
The last penal settlement in Tasmania at Port Arthur finally closed in 1877 .
There were five female factories in Van Diemen 's Land .
In 1824 , Van Diemen 's Land became a colony in its own right .
Complaints from Victorians about recently released convicts from Van Diemen 's Land re-offending in Victoria was one of the contributing reasons for the eventual abolition of transportation to Van Diemen 's Land in 1853 .
Eventually , in order to remove the unsavoury connotations with crime associated with its name -LRB- and its homophonic connection to `` demon '' -RRB- , in 1856 Van Diemen 's Land was renamed Tasmania in honor of Abel Tasman .
From the 1830s to the 1853 abolition of penal transportation -LRB- known simply as `` transportation '' -RRB- , Van Diemen 's Land was the primary penal colony in Australia .
Following the suspension of transportation to New South Wales , all transported convicts were sent to Van Diemen 's Land .
Many settled in the new free colony of Victoria , to the disgust of the free settlers in towns such as Melbourne .
Convicts completing their sentences or earning their ticket-of-leave often promptly left Van Diemen 's Land .
Female convicts were assigned as servants in free settler households or sent to a female factory -LRB- women 's workhouse prison -RRB- .
Landing at Blackman 's Bay and later having the Dutch flag flown at North Bay , Tasman named the island Anthoonij van Diemenslandt in honor of Anthony van Diemen , the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies who had sent Tasman on his voyage of discovery in 1642 .
In total , some 75,000 convicts were transported to Van Diemen 's Land , or about 40 % of all convicts sent to Australia .
In 1803 , the island was colonised by the British as a penal colony with the name Van Diemen 's Land , and became part of the British colony of New South Wales .
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to land on the shores of Tasmania .
Only the most difficult convicts -LRB- mostly re-offenders -RRB- were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur .
Van Diemen 's Land was the original name used by most Europeans for the island of Tasmania , now part of Australia .
This is the hexadecimal color code used for Chiltern Railways routes .
A seneschal -LRB- Ë sÉ nÉ Ê É l -RRB- was an officer in the houses of important nobles in the Middle Ages .
In the French administrative system of the Middle Ages , the sÃ nÃ chal was also a royal officer in charge of justice and control of the administration in southern provinces , equivalent to the northern French bailli .
Le Grand-Abergement is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Kazuki Sakurada is a Japanese football player currently playing for Thespa Kusatsu .
This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Friday -LRB- dominical letter CB -RRB- , such as 1960 , 1988 , or 2016 .
The Province of Savona -LRB- Italian : Provincia di Savona ; Ligurian : Provinsa de Sann-a -RRB- is a province in the Liguria region of Italy . Its capital is the city of Savona .
With the 2008 revisions of the notebook , wired Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter .
The portability of the MacBook Air was praised in reviews , however , the compromise in features was criticized .
MacBook Air 's launch was accompanied by a television commercial emphasizing its slender design .
To reduce the computer 's size and weight , several features were sacrificed .
To regain the features of an optical drive , users can either use a separately-available external USB SuperDrive , or the bundled Remote Disc software to access the optical drive of another computer .
Apple released a software update in early March 2008 to fix the problem with mixed results : the deactivation of 1 CPU core appears to have been corrected ; however , the runaway kernel problem remains for at least some users .
Apple incorporated several features in the design of the MacBook Air , such as the reduction of toxic chemicals like lead , to make it more `` environmentally friendly '' .
The full-sized keyboard , weight , thinness , and Multi-Touch trackpad were appreciated in reviews , while the limited configuration options , slow speed -LRB- in the non-SSD models -RRB- , non-user replaceable battery , small hard drive , and price were criticized .
The computer features a glossy LED backlit display and a full-size keyboard , as well as a large trackpad that responds to iPad-related Multi-Touch gestures such as pinching , swiping , and rotating .
Dan Ackerman of CNET commented on the original models , `` the design and engineering that went into MacBook Air is extraordinary , but it 's certainly a much more specialized product than the standard 13-inch MacBook . ''
The Remote Disc capability is achieved by the computer wirelessly accessing the optical drive of another Mac or Windows PC that has the Remote Disc program installed .
However , for the 2009 revision , the adapter is included in-the-box .
It also omits a FireWire port , Ethernet port , line-in , media card slots -LRB- except the 13 '' 2010 model , which has an SD card slot -RRB- , and a Kensington Security Slot .
The flip-down hatch on the side of the original MacBook Air is a tight fit for some headphone plugs and USB devices , requiring users to purchase an extension cable .
The MacBook Air contains no BFRs and PVC wiring , meets Energy Star Version 5.0 requirements , has a recyclable enclosure , and is rated EPEAT Gold ; its display is made from arsenic-free glass and does not contain mercury .
The problem is aggravated by system-intensive tasks such as video playback or video chatting .
The music playing is `` New Soul '' by Yael NaÃ m.
For these features , an external USB drive is required .
Additionally , in the 2008 revision , the hard drive , graphics , front side bus , processor , memory , battery , and port connections were upgraded .
Remote Disc supports netbooting , so the MacBook Air can boot from its installation DVD in another computer 's drive .
This feature requires Remote Install Mac OS X to be running on the remote computer .
The likewise discontinued Sharp Actius MM10 Muramasas was also described in some sources as thinner than the Macbook Air , being 0.54 i thick at its minimum . It , like the MacBook Air , was a tapered design , with a maximum height of 0.78 i , in fact slightly thicker than the MacBook Air .
ArsTechnica found `` moderate '' performance improvements of the 64 GB solid-state drive of the first generation Air over the standard 80 GB hard drive in tests .
Apple has removed the flip-down hatch on the late 2010 model in favor of open connection ports as on most other laptops .
Ackerman disliked the limited internet connectivity , slow speed , small hard drive , battery , and the price of SSD hard-drive option , however , appreciated the thinness , sturdiness , and the MultiTouch gestures .
The effect can be seen at CPU temperatures as low as 150 Â and worsens with higher temperatures .
Macworld 's Jason Snell praised the portability , however commented that `` the decision about whether the MacBook Air is a product worth having can be answered by 1 question : How much are you willing to compromise ? ''
In the commercial , a hand unthreads a manila envelope and slides out a MacBook Air , then opens it to wake it from sleep .
However , the by-then discontinued Mitsubishi Pedion , released in 1998 , was thinner than the Macbook Air at its widest point , being a rectangular 0.72 i. The original MacBook Air was thicker at its thickest point -LRB- 0.76 i -RRB- , but it tapered down to 0.16 i , leading to some controversy over the `` thinnest '' laptop claim .
On October 14 , 2008 , new models were announced with improved capacities of 128 GB -LRB- solid-state -RRB- and 120 GB -LRB- hard drive -RRB- .
The software does not allow the playback or information of DVDs or CDs , nor does it allow the installation of Microsoft Windows .
The MacBook Air includes Mac OS X Snow Leopard pre-installed , along with Apple 's iLife multimedia suite .
With the release of Mac OS X Snow Leopard , the Air 's multi-touch trackpad also supports handwriting recognition of Chinese characters .
It was also Apple 's first computer with an optional solid-state storage drive .
Since the release of the first-generation product , some MacBook Air users have complained of overheating that caused CPU lockup .
It was Apple 's first notebook since the PowerBook 2400c without a built-in removable media drive .
It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD .
The MacBook Air was greeted with mixed reception when it was introduced .
The MacBook Air was the first subcompact laptop offered by Apple since the full-featured 12 '' PowerBook G4 was discontinued in 2006 .
However , this method only allows for disk browsing or software installation ; DVD movies or CDs can not be watched or listened to .
Villers-Saint-Christophe is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
On December 5 , 2006 Ciara released her second studio album , Ciara : The Evolution .
In 2006 , she released her second album , Ciara : The Evolution which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and included the hits `` Get Up '' and `` Promise '' .
Prior to the release of her third album , Ciara has sold over seven million albums worldwide , and as of June 2010 , she has sold more than 4.3 million albums and 6.9 million digital tracks in the United States alone .
Since making her musical debut in 2004 , Ciara has attained five Billboard Hot 100 top ten singles including a number one . Prior to the release of her third album , Ciara has sold over seven million albums worldwide , and as of June 2010 , she has sold more than 4.3 million albums and 6.9 million digital tracks in the United States alone .
In 2004 Ciara released her debut album Goodies which spawned the number one hits `` Goodies '' and `` 1 , 2 Step '' , selling over five million copies worldwide and certified triple platinum in the United States .
No. ` Name ` Party ` Assumed office ` Left office
The Premier of New South Wales is the head of government in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Chignik is a city in Lake and Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States .
At the 2000 census the population was 79 .
Hung Ga æ å , Hung Kuen æ æ , or Hung Ga Kuen æ å æ is a southern Chinese martial art associated with the Chinese folk hero Wong Fei Hung , who was a master of Hung Ga.
Philip V -LRB- Spanish : Felipe V ; French : Philippe de France ; 19 December 1683 - 9 July 1746 -RRB- , petit-fils de France and Duke of Anjou , was King of Spain from 1700 to 14 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favor of his son , Louis I of Spain , and from 31 August 1724 to 1746 , assuming the throne again upon his son 's death .
It is located in Canberra , the nation 's capital city .
As an institution , the Archive had a checkered history from its first incarnation in 1935 as the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library -LRB- within the then Commonwealth National Library -RRB- to its becoming an independent statutory authority as the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia in 2008 .
The collection ranges from works created in the late nineteenth century when the recorded sound and film industries were in their infancy to those made in the present day .
The work of the Archive can be officially dated to the establishment of the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library -LRB- part of the then Commonwealth National Library -RRB- by a Cabinet decision on 11 December 1935 .
The National Film and Sound Archive -LRB- NFSA -RRB- is Australiaâ s audiovisual archive , responsible for developing , preserving , maintaining , promoting and providing access to a national collection of audiovisual materials and related items .
They also enjoy feeding on vegetables .
These mounds will often appear in vegetable gardens , lawns , or farms , as gophers like moist soil -LRB- see Soil biomantle -RRB- .
Their presence is unambiguously announced by the appearance of mounds of fresh dirt about 20 c in diameter .
Pocket gophers are widely distributed in North America , extending into Central America .
Gophers can collect large hoards .
They are larder hoarders , and their cheek pouches are used for transporting food back to their burrows .
They may also damage trees in forests .
These are the `` true '' gophers , though several ground squirrels of the family Sciuridae are often called gophers as well .
Their most characteristic features are their large cheek pouches , from which the word `` pocket '' in their name derives .
They extend from the side of the mouth well back onto the shoulders .
The name `` pocket gopher '' on its own may be used to refer to any of a number of subspecies of the family .
A few species reach weights approaching 1 k. Within any species , the males are larger than the females and can be nearly double their weight .
Although they will attempt to flee when threatened , they may attack other animals , including cats and humans , and can inflict serious bites with their long , sharp teeth .
All pocket gophers are burrowers .
There has been much debate among taxonomists about which races of pocket gopher should be recognized as full species , and the following list can not be regarded as definitive .
These pouches are fur-lined , and can be turned inside out .
Most gophers have brown fur that often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live .
They have small eyes and a short , hairy tail , which they use to feel around tunnels when they walk backwards .
Some sources also list a genus Hypogeomys , with one species , but this genus name is normally used for the Malagasy Giant Rat , which belongs to the family Nesomyidae .
The pocket gophers are burrowing rodents of the family Geomyidae .
For this reason , some species are considered agricultural pests .
Mount Sterling is a city in Montgomery County , Kentucky , United States .
APTonCD is a tool that can create one or more ISOs , CDs or DVDs with all of the packages the user downloaded via APT-GET or APTITUDE , creating a removable repository that the user can use on other computers .
deb packages located in one specific repository , so that the user can install them into other computers without the need for an internet connection .
APTonCD will also allow the user to automatically create media with all of the .
He was appointed Secretary of State for Transport on 12 May 2010 , and appointed as a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 .
He is the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Runnymede and Weybridge .
A file server may be dedicated or non-dedicated . A dedicated server is generally designed specifically for use as a file server , with workstations attached for reading and writing files and databases .
Initially published in 1930 in the United States as Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine , it has undergone several name changes , primarily to Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938 , and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960 .
Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine .
As of 2011 , it is the longest running continuously published magazine of that genre .
Repentant and rededicated , Faith returned as a heroine in a number of further episodes of Angel and in the last five episodes of Buffy .
She was chosen at the end of a five month search throughout the United States for the lead role of Alice , playing with Juliette Lewis in the film That Night .
She was raised a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the faith of her mother , though she is not actively practicing .
She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington , D.C. and Suffolk University in Boston , where her mother serves as professor of government and previously served as dean of the campus in Dakar , Senegal .
The following year , she played the teenage daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis in True Lies .
Eliza Patricia Dushku -LRB- ; born December 30 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress best known for her television roles , including her recurring appearances as Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spinoff series Angel .
Dushku resides in Laurel Canyon , Los Angeles , California .
Dushku took some time off from acting to finish her junior and senior years of high school .
She played the main character in The Thacker Case and The Alphabet Killer , both thrillers based on real-life events , one of them directed by Rob Schmidt with whom she had previously worked on Wrong Turn .
The same year , Kevin Smith invited Dushku to be a part of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , where she co-starred with Shannon Elizabeth , Ali Larter , and Ben Affleck .
In 1993 , Dushku landed a role as Pearl alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio in This Boy 's Life , a role that she said opened a lot of doors .
In 2000 , Dushku starred alongside Kirsten Dunst in the hit cheerleader comedy Bring It On .
She followed that up with Soul Survivors , reuniting her with Race The Sun co-star Casey Affleck .
Dushku was born in Watertown , Massachusetts , the daughter of Philip R. Dushku , an administrator and teacher in the Boston Public Schools , and Judith `` Judy '' -LRB- nÃ e Rasmussen -RRB- , a political science professor at Suffolk University in Boston . Dushku 's father is Albanian and her mother is of Danish and English descent .
She starred in Open Graves , a 2008 horror-thriller about a satanic game co-starring Mike Vogel .
Consequently , it was announced on October 31 that Dushku had lured Joss Whedon , famous for creating the Buffy The Vampire Slayer and Firefly series , back to TV , as they agreed to create a new show called Dollhouse .
After completing high school , Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer , a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy Summers .
She also had parts as Paul Reiser 's daughter in Bye Bye Love , as Cindy Johnson with Halle Berry and James Belushi in Race the Sun , as well as roles in a television movie and a short film .
The movie was released in Los Angeles on November 30 , 2007 and on DVD on January 22 , 2008 .
Dushku came to the attention of casting agents when she was 10 .
Her parents divorced when she was still an infant .
Variety announced on August 2 , 2006 that Dushku would co-star with Macaulay Culkin in Sex and Breakfast , a dark comedy written and directed by Miles Brandman .
Though initially planned as a five episode role , the character became so popular that she stayed on for the entirety of the third season and returned for a two-part appearance in season four , after which the remainder of her original story arc was played out as part of the first season of the Buffy spin-off series Angel .
After having a grant pulled out from under her , Tru is forced to take a job at a local morgue where she discovers her power to `` re-live '' the previous day over again if one of the deceased asks for her help to change what has happened .
She also starred in two Fox series , Tru Calling and Dollhouse .
In 2003 , Dushku appeared in Wrong Turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and The Kiss , an independent comedy-drama .
She appeared in the Simple Plan music video , `` I 'm Just a Kid '' , as the band 's love interest , as well as Nickelback 's video for `` Rockstar '' .
Starting that same year , she also starred in a new Fox TV series , Tru Calling , where she played the main character , medical student Tru Davies .
She has three older brothers : Aaron , Benjamin -LRB- Ben -RRB- , and Nathaniel -LRB- Nate -RRB- , the latter of whom is a model and actor .
Felt hats can be stretched for a custom fit . Some hats , like hard hats and baseball caps , are adjustable .
He also had stints in World Championship Wrestling , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , and World Wrestling Entertainment .
James `` Jim '' Fullington -LRB- born June 16 , 1963 -RRB- better known by his ring name Sandman , is an American professional wrestler , best known for his career with Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- , where he developed into a `` Hardcore Icon '' .
Aguilcourt is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
It is situated on the east coast of Cape Breton Island and is administratively part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
Sydney was incorporated in 1904 and dissolved on August 1 , 1995 , when it was merged into the regional municipality .
It is the capital of MiÅ sk County .
This led to Milton being the junction until 1960 , when the extension was removed and Clarksville regained its status as a junction until the branch was entirely closed in 1968 .
Construction of this branch line began in the 1870s and Clarksville acted as the junction until 1907 , when an extension of the branch was built alongside the Main South Line into Milton to improve operations .
Clarksville -LRB- also known as Clarksville Junction -RRB- is a small township located three kilometres southwest of Milton in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand .
The town was also once the location of a railway junction , where the Roxburgh Branch left the Main South Line .
State Highways 1 and 8 meet in Clarksville .
It is situated in Kashmir Valley and lies on the banks of the Jhelum River , a tributary of the Indus .
Srinagar -LRB- Kashmiri : Ø Ø Û Ù Ú Ø ; Urdu : Ø Ø Û Ù Ú Ø ; Dogri : à à à à à à -- à -RRB- ; , is the capital of the northernmost Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
On March 22 , KAT-TUN released their debut single `` Real Face '' , accompanied by an album , Best of KAT-TUN and a DVD Real Face Film .
On June 4 , KAT-TUN released their third album , KAT-TUN III : Queen of Pirates .
Massimo Taibi -LRB- born 18 February 1970 in Palermo -RRB- is a retired Italian football goalkeeper , who played for several clubs , mostly in Italy 's Serie A , B , and C1 .
The airport is 2 m from Junction 10a of the M1 motorway .
London Luton Airport -LRB- previously called Luton International Airport -RRB- is an international airport located 1.5 N east of the town center in the Borough of Luton in Bedfordshire , England and is 30.5 N north of Central London .
It is the fourth largest airport serving the London area after Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted , and is one of London 's five international airports along with London City Airport .
John Loy Rocker -LRB- born October 17 , 1974 -RRB- is a former American Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played for the Atlanta Braves , the Cleveland Indians , the Texas Rangers , and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays as well as the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball .
It was formed in 2004 from the union of the municipalities of MÃ 1\/4 nster and Geschinen .
MÃ 1\/4 nster-Geschinen is a village in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Trout is the name for a number of species of freshwater and saltwater fish belonging to the Salmoninae subfamily of the family Salmonidae .
Salmon belong to the same family as trout but , unlike most trout , most salmon species spend almost all their lives in salt water .
Anal bleaching is the process of lightening the color of the skin around the anus .
Anderson Hays Cooper -LRB- born June 3 , 1967 -RRB- is an American journalist , author , and television personality .
As of 2011 he is the primary anchor of the CNN news show Anderson Cooper 360 Â .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland -LRB- commonly referred to as the British Parliament , the Westminster Parliament or , formerly , the Imperial Parliament -RRB- is the supreme legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories , located in London .
At its head is the Sovereign , Queen Elizabeth II .
The Parliament of Great Britain was formed in 1707 following the ratification of the Treaty of Union by both the Parliament of England and Parliament of Scotland passing Acts of Union .
The parliament is bicameral , with an upper house , the House of Lords , and a lower house , the House of Commons .
Nancy Sandra Sinatra -LRB- born June 8 , 1940 -RRB- is an American singer and actress .
She is the daughter of singer\/actor Frank Sinatra , and remains best known for her 1966 signature hit `` These Boots Are Made for Walkin ' '' .
Sinatra was born in Jersey City , New Jersey , the daughter of singer\/actor Frank Sinatra from his first wife , Nancy Barbato .
Overhead lines or overhead wires are used to transmit electrical energy to trams , trolleybuses or trains at a distance from the energy supply point .
The preface of his DivÄ n , in which his early life is discussed , was written by an unknown contemporary of Hafez whose name may have been Moá ammad GolandÄ m. Two of the most highly regarded modern editions of Hafez 's DivÄ n are compiled by Moá ammad Qazvini and QÄ sem á ani -LRB- 495 ghazals -RRB- and by Parviz Natil Khanlari -LRB- 486 ghazals -RRB- .
Early tazkiras -LRB- biographical sketches -RRB- mentioning Hafez are generally considered unreliable .
Ø Ú Ø Ø cents Ù Ø Ø Ú Ø Û Ø Ø Ø Û Ø Ø Ø Ø â Ø cents Ø Ø Ø Ù Ù
Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ù Ù Ø Ù Û Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù
Despite his profound effect on Persian life and culture and his enduring popularity and influence , few details of his life are known .
Many semi-miraculous mythical tales were woven around HÄ fez after his death .
There was a terrible accident during the race , when the engine on the Vanwall of Stuart Lewis-Evans seized and the car spun and crashed .
The site hosted an F1 race in 1957 , but it was a non-championship event .
It was won by Stirling Moss driving a Vanwall , completing the 53 laps in 2h 09m 15.1 s.
On 19 October 1958 the course was the venue for the 1958 Moroccan Grand Prix , the final round in the 1958 Formula One season .
He was severely burned , dying in hospital in England six days later .
The Ain-Diab Circuit was a Formula One road circuit built in 1957 , south west of Ain-Diab in Morocco , using the existing coast road and the main road from Casablanca to Azemmour .
The 7.618 km -LRB- 4.734 mi -RRB- course was designed by the Royal Automobile Club of Morocco and given a full blessing from Sultan Mohammed V. It took merely six weeks to construct .
When they quarrel and the couple split , Penny takes an overdose of pills and passes out , but Oscar comes to her rescue .
Oscar gradually becomes infatuated with the girl , and feels a part of the couple 's lives , even forsaking work to observe them .
Wonderwall is the title of a 1968 film by then first-time director Joe Massot that starred Jack MacGowran , Jane Birkin , Richard Wattis , Irene Handl , and Iain Quarrier , and featured cameos by Anita Pallenberg and Dutch designers The Fool -LRB- who were also set designers for the film -RRB- .
Intrigued , he begins to make more holes , as days go by and they do more photo sessions .
Discovering a beam of light streaming through a hole in the wall between them , Collins follows the light and spots Penny modelling for a photo shoot .
The story of the film revolves around the reclusive , eccentric scientist Oscar Collins -LRB- MacGowran -RRB- , whose next-door neighbors are a pop photographer -LRB- Quarrier -RRB- and his girlfriend\/model -LRB- Birkin -RRB- , named Penny Lane .
The Xbox Live Marketplace -LRB- XBLM -RRB- is a virtual market designed for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 console that allows Xbox Live members to download purchased or promotional content .
Savitaipale is a municipality of Finland .
They are able to fend off the attackers , but Katara is captured during the battle .
The Avatar : The Last Airbender video game allows the player to control one of four characters - Aang , Katara , Haru , or Sokka - in a single-player adventure .
The game was a launch title for the Wii in Western territories .
When they arrive at Lianâ s cell , they find it empty , except for a map to an Earth Kingdom village .
She fears that Aang will not be able to master all four elements before Sozinâ s comet arrives .
The information from the library leads them to an uncharted island .
They stop Lian , but Katara , Sokka , and Haru are captured by another machine .
While training in the North Pole , Aang and Katara hear reports of a waterbender , Hiryu , going missing , which they investigate .
Aang refused her help , seeing as how the machines were disrupting villages .
Each character uses his or her own trademark weapon and fighting style , and is able to earn new special abilities through experience gained from defeating enemies .
They find the village under attack by machines .
Avatar : The Last Airbender -LRB- known as Avatar : The Legend of Aang in Europe -RRB- is a video game based on the animated television series of the same name for Game Boy Advance , Microsoft Windows , Nintendo GameCube , Nintendo DS , PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable , Wii , and XBox .
Upon rescuing him , Zuko attacks the group .
They arrive at the Water Tribe as a Fire Nation ship attacks , led by Prince Zuko .
After fending off the machines , picking up Haru and being informed that one of his earthbending friends Yuan was kidnapped , they travel to the library of Omashu for clues to where the machines might originate from .
As the Avatar , Aang must master all four elements to bring peace to the world and restore the balance between the four nations .
Aang and Sokka follow the ship , but are slowed by a Firebending machine .
The console versions of the game were developed by THQ Studio Australia .
After Aang rescues his friends , they find Zuko , also captured by a machine .
A variety of items can help the player with quests , or during battle -LRB- armor , chi , enchanted accessories , and healing potions -RRB- .
Many characters from the show appear on this game such as Prince Zuko , who has a minor role in the game , only appearing in cutscenes ; King Bumi , who appears in the fourth level .
He is the current incarnation of the Avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
They follow the ship to an Earth Kingdom port . They slip into the jail and free Katara , who informs them of another prisoner named Lian the Maker , who is being forced to make machines for the Fire Nation .
On the island , they find Lian , making more machines .
Lian then voiced her contempt for him as she sends a machine to fight them to flee to the Air temple , attempting to destroy the Avatar statues .
Aang pursues Lian and the machine to a fortress .
Lian tries to attach Aang to the machine , but he battles it instead . During the fight , Katara is struck down , causing Aang to enter the Avatar State and destroys the machine , burying Lian under its rubble , killing her .
CCR was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Creedence Clearwater Revival -LRB- often abbreviated CCR -RRB- was an American rock band that gained popularity in the late 1960s and early 1970s with a number of successful singles drawn from various albums .
The band has sold 26 million albums in the United States alone .
William II -LRB- Willem Frederik George Lodewijk van Oranje-Nassau -RRB- -LRB- 6 December 1792 -- 17 March 1849 -RRB- was King of the Netherlands , Grand Duke of Luxembourg , and Duke of Limburg from 7 October 1840 until his death in 1849 .
Brandy Rayana Norwood -LRB- born February 11 , 1979 -RRB- , known professionally as Brandy , is an American R&B singer-songwriter , record producer , television entertainer , actress , and film producer .
However , the BRAC campaign recommended Brunswick 's closing , despite a recent government-funded effort to upgrade its facilities .
Western Maine aquifers and springs are a major source of bottled water .
The last type of school district is a CSD -LRB- Community School District , sometimes called a Consolidated School District -RRB- .
In January 2009 , a new record low temperature for the state was set at Big Black River of -50 Â , tying the New England record .
Maine experiences a humid continental climate -LRB- KÃ ppen climate classification Dfb -RRB- , with warm -LRB- although generally not hot -RRB- , humid summers .
In rare cases a CSD refers to only a high school of a school union .
Private schools are less common than public schools .
By the time they reach the state , many have become extratropical and few hurricanes have made landfall in Maine .
These towns do not have independent school boards , but instead have one central board governing the entire district .
This is a regional school district that incorporates two or more towns into one school department with one high school and middle school .
Immigration from outside the United States resulted in a net increase of 5,004 people , and migration within the country produced a net increase of 36,804 people .
Maine 's Moosehead Lake is the largest lake wholly in New England , as Lake Champlain is located between Vermont and New York .
Usually , it serves kindergarten through grade 12 , although some only go to grade 8 .
Estcourt Station is Maine 's northernmost point , as well as the northernmost point in New England .
Daytime highs are generally in the 75 â range throughout the state in July , with overnight lows in the high 50s Â F -LRB- around 15 Â C -RRB- .
To the south and east is the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and northeast is New Brunswick , a province of Canada .
Sometimes , in towns geographically isolated -LRB- such as island towns -RRB- the entire student population attends one school grades PKâ `` 12 .
Tornadoes are rare in Maine with the state averaging fewer than two per year , mostly occurring in the southern part of the state .
Maine has four types of school departments : the first is a local school , one which serves only one municipality , and is headed by a superintendent .
The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that Maine 's total gross state product for 2007 was US$ 48 billion .
Maine 's industrial outputs consist chiefly of paper , lumber and wood products , electronic equipment , leather products , food products , textiles , and bio-technology .
Its per capita personal income for 2007 was US$ 33,991 , 34th in the nation .
January temperatures range from highs near 32 F on the southern coast to overnight lows below 0 F in the far north .
The population density of the state is 41.3 people per square mile , making it the least densely populated state in New England , the American northeast , the eastern seaboard , of all of the states with an Atlantic coastline and of all of the states east of the Mississippi River .
This usually -LRB- but not always -RRB- exists in school districts with such a small student population between several towns that the school district can not justify an elementary school outside the largest town in the district .
Coastal areas are moderated somewhat by the Atlantic Ocean .
Usually , a MSAD comprises one larger town and one or more smaller towns .
A school union is two or more school departments that share a superintendent but nothing else ; each town has an independent school board .
Often this is done when it is deemed cheaper to subsidize private tuition than build a whole new school when a private one already exists .
The Canadian province of Quebec is to the northwest .
This includes a natural increase since the last census of 6,413 people -LRB- that is 71,276 births minus 64,863 deaths -RRB- and an increase due to net migration of 41,808 people into the state .
School union students are given a choice of neighboring school districts , and the school union pays for the student 's tuition .
Students can choose to attend a school in another district if the parents agree to pay the school tuition .
Maine has fewer days of thunderstorms than any other state east of the Rockies , with most of the state averaging less than 20 days of thunderstorms a year .
Maine is generally safe from hurricanes and tropical storms .
Maine also has the distinction of being the only state to border just one other state -LRB- New Hampshire to the west -RRB- .
The larger town is equipped with a high school and middle school , while the surrounding towns have elementary schools as well , but no secondary schools .
The elementary schools usually cut off after grade 5 or grade 6 .
Naval shipbuilding and construction remain key as well , with Bath Iron Works in Bath and Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery .
Naval Air Station Brunswick is also in Maine , and serves as a large support base for the U.S. Navy .
This means that while it costs money to send children there , towns will make a contract with a school to take children from a town or MSAD at a slightly reduced rate .
The state 's record high temperature is 105 Â , set in July 1911 , at North Bridgton .
The third type is a MSAD -LRB- Maine School Administrative District -RRB- .
Sometimes , towns in a MSAD do not have an elementary school but possess a high school and\/or middle school , whereas the surrounding towns have the elementary schools .
Commercial fishing , once a mainstay of the state 's economy , maintains a presence , particularly lobstering and groundfishing .
The municipalities of Eastport and Lubec are , respectively , the easternmost city and town in the United States .
Students are obligated to attend the central high school .
Usually , only one of the schools in the school union has a high school , but unlike MSADs -LRB- discussed below -RRB- , students in the whole school union are not compelled to attend that school .
Maine is both the northernmost state in New England and the largest , accounting for nearly half the region 's entire land area .
A large number of private elementary schools with under 20 students exist , but most private high schools in Maine can be perceived as `` semi-private . ''
Usually , independent school districts which do not have a high school are not totally independent ; they are part of a school union , the second type of school district .
Winters are cold and snowy throughout the state , and are especially severe in the northern parts of Maine .
Mount Katahdin is both the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail , which extends to Springer Mountain , Georgia , and the southern terminus of the new International Appalachian Trail which , when complete , will run to Belle Isle , Newfoundland and Labrador .
A number of other Maine lakes , such as South Twin Lake , are described by Thoreau .
Maine 's agricultural outputs include poultry , eggs , dairy products , cattle , wild blueberries -LRB- the state produces 25 % of all blueberries in North America , making it the largest blueberry producer in the world -RRB- , apples , maple syrup and maple sugar .
Aroostook County is known for its potato crops .
As of 2008 , Maine had an estimated population of 1,321,504 , which is an increase of 6,520 , or 0.5 % , from the prior year and an increase of 46,582 , or 3.7 % , since the year 2000 .
Karen Sheila Gillan -LRB- born 28 November 1987 -RRB- is a Scottish actress who is best known for her current portrayal of Amy Pond in the British science fiction series Doctor Who .
Half points awarded as less than 75 % of race distance was completed .
Jenson Alexander Lyons Button MBE -LRB- born 19 January 1980 -RRB- is a British Formula One driver currently signed to McLaren .
He was the 2009 World Drivers ' Champion .
Season in progress .
Season in progress .
During the Manhattan Project , the joint effort during World War II by the United States , the United Kingdom , and Canada to create the first nuclear weapons , there were many instances of nuclear espionage in which project scientists or technicians channeled information about bomb development and design to the Soviet Union .
Because most of these cases became well-known in the context of the anti-Communist 1950s , there has been long-standing dispute over the exact details of these cases , though some of this was settled with the making public of the VENONA Project transcripts , which were intercepted and decrypted messages between Soviet agents and the Soviet government .
The investigations described in the report eventually led to the arrest of Wen Ho Lee , a scientist at Los Alamos , initially accused of giving weapons information to the PRC .
Pakistan 's government claims they had no part in the espionage , but refuses to turn Khan over for questioning by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Whether the espionage information significantly aided the speed of the Soviet atomic bomb project is also disputed . While some of the information given , such as the highly technical theoretical information given by Klaus Fuchs , would be thought to have certainly aided in developing a nuclear weapon , the manner in which the heads of the Soviet bomb project , Igor Kurchatov and Lavrenty Beria , actually used the information has led later scholars to doubt it having had a role in increasing the speed of development .
On February 5 , 2004 , the president of Pakistan , General Pervez Musharraf , announced that he had pardoned Khan .
These people are often referred to as the Atomic Spies , and their work continued into the early Cold War .
Some issues remain unsettled , however .
According to the report , the PRC had `` stolen classified information on all of the United States ' most advanced thermonuclear warheads '' since the 1970s , including the design of advanced miniaturized thermonuclear warheads -LRB- which can be used on MIRV weapons -RRB- , the neutron bomb , and `` weapons codes '' which allow for computer simulations of nuclear testing -LRB- and allow the PRC to advance their weapon development without testing themselves -RRB- .
No other arrests regarding the theft of the nuclear designs have been made .
States are also limited in their making public of weapons information by non-proliferation agreements .
The United States was apparently unaware of this until 1995 .
Whether Vanunu was truly involved in espionage , per se , is debated : Vanunu and his supporters claim that he should be regarded as a whistle-blower -LRB- someone who was exposing a secretive and illegal practice -RRB- , while his opponents see him as a traitor and his divulgence of information as aiding enemies of the Israeli state .
Khan had previously been indicated as having taken gas centrifuge designs from a uranium enrichment company in the Netherlands -LRB- URENCO -RRB- which he used to jump-start Pakistan 's own nuclear weapons program .
Nuclear espionage is the purposeful giving of state secrets regarding nuclear weapons to other states without authorization -LRB- espionage -RRB- .
In a 1999 report of the United States House of Representatives Select Committee on U.S. National Security and Military\/Commercial Concerns with the People 's Republic of China , chaired by Rep. Christopher Cox -LRB- known as the Cox Report -RRB- , it was revealed that U.S. security agencies believed that there is an on-going nuclear espionage by the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- at U.S. nuclear weapons design laboratories , especially Los Alamos National Laboratory , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , Oak Ridge National Laboratory , and Sandia National Laboratories .
The case against Lee eventually fell apart , however , and he was eventually charged only with mishandling of data .
During the history of nuclear weapons there have been many cases of known nuclear espionage , and also many cases of suspected or alleged espionage .
Israel has never acknowledged or denied having a weapons program , and Vanunu was abducted and smuggled to Israel , where he was tried in camera and convicted of treason and espionage .
In January 2004 , Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan , a Pakistani nuclear scientist , confessed to selling restricted nuclear weapons technology to Libya , Iran , and North Korea .
Vanunu did not immediately release his information and photos on leaving Israel , traveling for about a year before doing so .
In 1986 , a former technician , Mordechai Vanunu , at the Israeli nuclear facility near Dimona revealed information about the Israeli nuclear weapon program to the British press , confirming widely-held notions that Israel had an advanced and secretive nuclear weapons program and stockpile .
Because nuclear weapons are generally considered the most important of state secrets , all nations with nuclear weapons have strict restrictions against the giving of information relating to nuclear weapon design , stockpiles , delivery systems , and deployment .
According to his testimony and reports from intelligence agencies , Khan sold designs for gas centrifuges -LRB- used for uranium enrichment -RRB- , Chinese designs for a nuclear warhead , and sold centrifuges themselves to these three countries .
Other people and groups arrested or fined were scientist Peter Lee -LRB- no relation -RRB- , who was arrested for allegedly giving submarine radar secrets to China , and Loral Space & Communications and Hughes Electronics who gave China missile secrets .
Rafael Felipe Scheidt -LRB- born February 10 , 1976 in Porto Alegre , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
He started playing football with USK Anif , a team from a suburb of Salzburg .
In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg , and 2005 , after the club was bought by Red Bull , he played with FC Red Bull Salzburg .
Marco Meilinger -LRB- born 8 August 1991 in Salzburg -RRB- is an Austrian footballplayer currently playing for FC Red Bull Salzburg as midfielder .
In 2010 he played with the U 19 team in the European Championship in France and is qualified with the team for the U 20 World championship in 2011 .
Since 2008 Marco Meilinger played for Austria in different youth teams .
He signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in 2010 .
In 2009 he played for the second team of Red Bull Salzburg , Red Bull Juniors .
Giacomo Losi -LRB- born 10 September 1935 in Soncino , Province of Cremona -RRB- is a former Italian football defender , who played his entire professional career , from 1955 to 1969 for AS Roma .
ConfranÃ on is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , working on its Raw brand as the color commentator and occasional wrestler .
At WrestleMania , Lawler originally won his match against Cole , but , after celebrating his victory with Stone Cold , the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the ruling , due to Austin pushing Cole in the match , making Cole the victor instead .
The following week , Stone Cold Steve Austin was announced as the guest referee for the match .
Jerry O'Neil Lawler -LRB- born November 29 , 1949 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , wrestling commentator , musician , businessman , commercial artist and film actor , known throughout the wrestling world as Jerry `` The King '' Lawler .
On March 31 , 2007 , Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by William Shatner , whom Lawler had a memorable altercation with on a January 1995 episode of Raw .
He also wrestles and occasionally commentates for the Memphis Wrestling promotion .
Anyone receiving general absolution is also required to make a complete , individual confession to a priest as soon as possible before receiving general absolution again .
Astro Nusantara was a satellite television service in Indonesia , operated by PT Direct Vision since 28 February 2006 , a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk , a subsidiary of Lippo Group .
In mid-2008 , there was a commercial dispute between Astro All Asia Networks and Lippo Group , where the proposed joint venture by the latter was inconclusive and PT Direct Vision -LRB- PT DV -RRB- did n't pay for the support and services that Astro provided after over two years .
The service consisted of 48 channels including 5 locally produced exclusive channels that were launched under the Astro brand .
Charmoille is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Bloxom is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
The Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church was published in 2005 , and the first edition in English in 2006 .
It is a more concise and dialogic version of the CCC .
The text is available in twelve languages on the Vatican website , which also gives the text of the Catechism itself in eight languages .
The Catechism of the Catholic Church -LRB- or CCC -RRB- is the official text of the teachings of the Catholic Church .
It belongs to the Ananke group , retrograde irregular moons which orbit Jupiter between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , at inclinations of roughly 150 Â .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman in 2003 .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,744 Mm in 610.362 days , at an inclination of 151 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 149 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3185 .
Tomohiko Ikeuchi is a former Japanese football player who played for Kashima Antlers and Consadole Sapporo in the J. League Division 1 .
At the Night of Champions pay-per-view , DiBiase won the World Tag Team Championship in his first match in WWE , after Rhodes betrayed Holly , revealing himself to be DiBiase 's partner .
He graduated from Clinton High School in 2001 .
Theodore Marvin `` Ted '' DiBiase , Jr. -LRB- born November 8 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor signed with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he appears on its Raw brand .
He graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Business Administration .
Rhodes and DiBiase were joined by Manu shortly afterwards , forming a faction of multi-generation wrestlers , although shortly afterwards DiBiase was taken off television to film The Marine 2 .
He is a former two time World Tag Team Champion with his former tag team partner , Cody Rhodes .
The following week , DiBiase and Rhodes used their rematch clause to regain the title .
DiBiase made his WWE television debut as a villain on May 26 , 2008 , where he cut a promo about his intent to become a champion like his father , Ted DiBiase , Sr. , challenging the World Tag Team Champions , Cody Rhodes and Hardcore Holly .
He enrolled at Mississippi College in Clinton and was a starting wide receiver for Mississippi College 's football team before leaving the squad following his freshman season .
After holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to John Cena and Batista on the August 4 episode of Raw .
This storyline attack was to allow DiBiase to be written out of WWE storylines , so he could film the direct-to-video movie , The Marine 2 .
At Clinton , DiBiase was the football team 's starting quarterback .
On the October 27 , 2008 episode of Raw , DiBiase and Rhodes lost their title to CM Punk and Kofi Kingston .
Simon Peyton Jones -LRB- born in South Africa on January 18 , 1958 -RRB- is a British computer scientist who researches the implementation and applications of functional programming languages , particularly lazy functional languages .
Herodotus says that Xerxes ' orders were to have Leonidas ' head cut off and put on a stake and his body crucified .
Leonidas -LRB- ' , died 7 August 480 BC -RRB- was a hero-king of Sparta , the 17th of the Agiad line , one of the sons of King Anaxandridas II of Sparta , who was believed in mythology to be a descendant of Heracles , possessing much of the latter 's strength and bravery .
At that point Leonidas sent away all Greek troops and remained in the pass with his 300 Spartans , 900 Helots , and 700 Thespians who refused to leave .
Of the small Greek force , attacked from both sides , all were killed except for the Thebans , who surrendered .
He is notable for his leadership at the Battle of Thermopylae .
FossÃ s-et-Baleyssac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Please do not rename or remove these classes ; nor collapse nested elements which use them .
The HTML mark up produced by this template includes HTML classes intended to be part of an hAudio microformat , which makes an audio recording 's details parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue articles across Wikipedia , or via a browser tool operated by a person , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to a playlist or database .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
The surviving species are the American bison , also known as the American buffalo -LRB- although it is not related to the true buffalo -RRB- , Bison bison -LRB- with two subspecies , the plains bison , Bison bison bison , and the wood bison , Bison bison athabascae -RRB- , found in North America , and the European bison , or wisent -LRB- Bison bonasus -RRB- , found in Europe and the Caucasus .
Alexandre Luiz Goulart , commonly known simply as Alexandre -LRB- born July 24 , 1976 in SÃ # o JoÃ # o del Rei , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Parfondeval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The shrine is situated on the left bank of the Dal Lake , Srinagar and is considered to be Kashmir 's holiest Muslim shrine .
The Moi-e-Muqqadas -LRB- the sacred hair -RRB- of Mohammed is believed to be preserved here .
It contains a relic believed by many Muslims of Kashmir to be a hair of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
The shrine is known by many names including Hazratbal , Assar-e-Sharief , Madinat-us-Sani , or simply Dargah Sharif .
The Hazratbal Shrine -LRB- ; , literally : Majestic Place -RRB- , is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar , India .
The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat , meaning holy or majestic , and the Kashmiri word bal , -LRB- bal is a corrupted form of Sanskrit Vala which means an enclosure -RRB- meaning place .
Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 28 .
The students follow the instructions left by their teacher and all goes fairly smoothly until Mr. Fabiano is called upon to participate in a school assembly that afternoon .
Flying Solo is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 1998 .
When his class arrives they discover that their substitute teacher has not shown up .
The class decides that they will not report this to administration and decide to run the classroom by themselves .
Several of the topics in the novel include selective mutism , death and grief .
The original lineup of W.A.S.P. was formed in Los Angeles , California in 1982 by Blackie Lawless , Rik Fox , Randy Piper and Tony Richards .
In 1919 , he was dismissed from the Reichswehr film service on account of his support for the strike that followed the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg .
, was referenced by alternative metal band System of a Down .
He worked for two communist publications : the daily Die Rote Fahne and the weekly Arbeiter-Illustrierte-Zeitung -LRB- AIZ -RRB- , the latter of which published the works for which Heartfield is best remembered .
John Heartfield -LRB- 19 June 1891 , Berlin â `` 26 April 1968 , East Berlin -RRB- is the anglicized name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld .
In 1918 Heartfield joined the Berlin Dada club and the Communist Party of Germany .
The Heartfield piece The Hand has 5 Fingers with its original text : `` 5 fingers make a hand !
Translated , the quote reads : `` Iron has always made a nation strong , butter and lard have only made the people fat '' .
Below , the title is written in large letters , in addition to a quote by Hermann GÃ ring during food shortage .
He settled in East Germany and Berlin after World War II , in 1954 , and worked closely with theater directors such as Benno Besson and Wolfgang Langhoff at Berliner Ensemble and Deutsches Theater .
One of his more famous pieces , made in 1935 entitled Hurrah , die Butter ist Alle !
With George Grosz , he founded Die Pleite , a satirical magazine .
served as the inspiration behind the song `` Metal Postcard -LRB- Mittageisen -RRB- '' by Siouxsie and the Banshees ; the song was re-recorded in German and released as a single with Heartfield 's work as the cover art .
The family â '' mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog â '' are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles .
A parody of the aesthetics of propaganda , the photomontage shows a family at a kitchen table , where a nearby portrait of Hitler hangs and the wallpaper is emblazoned with swastikas .
With these 5 grab the enemy ! ''
A text printed on the back of the album System of a Down reads : `` The hand has five fingers , capable and powerful , with the ability to destroy as well as create '' .
In 2005 , Tate Britain held an exhibition of his photomontage pieces .
was published on the frontpage of the AIZ in 1935 .
Saint-Loup-de-Fribois is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Bassoles-Aulers is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Scranton is a city in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
Gustavo AdriÃ n LÃ pez Pablo -LRB- born April 13 , 1973 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer .
It links the Zona Franca with Badalona , through Barcelona proper , sharing a good deal of the area covered by L9 .
L9\/10 will be the deepest and longest line in the network .
Originally expected to be ready by 2008 , ongoing problems with its construction are going to delay its completion until as late as 2013 .
Line 10 -LRB- Zona Franca ZAL - Gorg -RRB- is the name of one of the two branches of the Barcelona metro extension line 9 , currently under construction and to be operated by TMB .
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Virtually all cacti are succulents , but not all succulents are cacti .
The best known succulents are cacti -LRB- family : Cactaceae -RRB- .
Hans-Peter `` Hansi '' MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- born 27 July 1957 in Stuttgart -RRB- is a former German footballer .
2001 -LRB- MMI -RRB- was a common year that started on a Monday .
It was also the first year of the 3rd millennium and of the 21st century as there was no year zero in the Gregorian calendar .
For a template that says `` this section contains ... '' instead of `` this page contains '' -LRB- like the example at Diglossia # Arabic -RRB- , use
Clifton Forge was an independent city during the 2000 census . However , in 2001 , Clifton Forge gave up its city status and reverted to a town .
Hotonnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The naming system is again based on Classical Greek , for example tetrahedron -LRB- 4 -RRB- , pentahedron -LRB- 5 -RRB- , hexahedron -LRB- 6 -RRB- , heptahedron -LRB- 7 -RRB- , triacontahedron -LRB- 30 -RRB- , and so on .
Polyhedra are often named according to the number of faces .
Jarome Arthur-Leigh Adekunle Tig Junior Elvis Iginla -LRB- dÊ ' É Ë roÊ m É Ë É É nlÉ ; born July 1 , 1977 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in the southern highlands of Peru .
The districts , with their capitals in parenthesis , are :
The province is divided into eight districts -LRB- , singular : distrito -RRB- , each of which is headed by a mayor -LRB- alcalde -RRB- .
During the grand coalition government of 1966-1969 , he first served as secretary of state in the Ministry of Defense , and after 1968 as Director of the Chancellor 's Office .
On 14 December 1976 , following the general elections which made the CDU\/CSU the largest group in parliament , Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag .
Carstens is well known for hiking Germany during his term in order to decrease the gulf between politics and the people .
In December 1982 , the recently elected Chancellor Helmut Kohl deliberately lost a motion of confidence in order to obtain a clearer majority in new general elections .
Carstens had , however , joined the SA , the Nazi paramilitary organization , already in 1933 .
During that time he was an outspoken critic of left-wing tendencies in German society and particular accused the governing SPD of being too soft on left-wing extremists .
Born in Bremen , Carstens studied law and political science at the universities of Frankfurt , Dijon , Munich , KÃ nigsberg , and Hamburg from 1933 to 1936 .
In July 1960 Carstens entered government service as a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
On 23 May 1979 , Carstens was elected as the fifth President of the Federal Republic of Germany .
In 1972 Carstens was first elected into the Bundestag , of which he was a member until 1979 .
In February 1983 Carstens ' decision was approved by the Federal Constitutional Court so that general elections could take place .
In 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984 .
In 1949 he received a Master of Laws -LRB- LL .
On 7 January 1983 , President Carstens nonetheless dissolved the Bundestag and called for new elections .
Carstens joined the NSDAP in 1940 , reportedly to avoid detrimental treatment when he was a law clerk .
He also famously denounced the author Heinrich BÃ ll as a supporter of left-wing terrorism -LRB- specifically , the Baader-Meinhof Gang -RRB- .
In the same year he was also appointed as professor for public and international law at Cologne University .
Hubert H. Humphrey was instrumental in this merger .
It was created on April 15 , 1944 with the merger of the Minnesota Democratic Party and the Farmerâ `` Labor Party .
The Minnesota Democraticâ `` Farmerâ `` Labor Party -LRB- DFL -RRB- is a major political party in the State of Minnesota and the state affiliate of the Democratic Party .
The heart of the town contains the four squares , the Piazza della Cisterna , the Piazza Duomo where the Collegiata is located , the Piazza Pecori and the Piazza delle Erbe .
San Gimignano is the birthplace of the poet Folgore da San Gimignano -LRB- 1270 â `` 1332 -RRB- .
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance era , it was a stopping point for Catholic pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican , as it sits on the medieval Via Francigena .
In 1199 , during the period of its highest splendor , the city made itself independent from the bishops of Volterra .
San Gimignano is a small walled medieval hill town in the province of Siena , Tuscany , north-central Italy .
The Communal Palace , once seat of the podestÃ , is currently home of the town gallery , with works by Pinturicchio , Benozzo Gozzoli , Filippino Lippi , Domenico di Michelino , Pier Francesco Fiorentino and others .
San Gimignano was founded as a small village in the 3rd century BC by the Etruscans .
There are many churches in the town : the two main ones are the Collegiata , formerly a cathedral , and Sant ` Agostino , housing a wide representation of artworks from some of the main Italian renaissance artists .
The town also is known for the white wine , Vernaccia di San Gimignano , grown in the area .
Tea with Mussolini , a 1999 drama about the plight of English and American expatriate women in Italy during World War II , was filmed in part at San Gimignano .
Historical records begin in the 10th century , when it adopted the name of the bishop Saint Geminianus , who had defended it from Attila 's Huns .
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany -LRB- SPD -RRB- , he led a coalition government of the SPD and the Greens .
Gerhard Fritz Kurt SchrÃ der -LRB- ; 7 April 1944 -RRB- is a German politician , and was Chancellor of Germany from 1998 to 2005 .
The Mongolian word for a tulku is qubilÎ an , though such persons may also be called by the honorific title qutuÎ tu -LRB- Tib : phags-pa \/ Skt : Ä rya -RRB- , or hutagt in the standard Khalkha dialect .
Thus , the term Living Buddha is sometimes used to mean tulku , although this is rare outside of Chinese sources .
A recent Chinese word for tulku is huÃ fÃ -LRB- æ '' ä 1\/2 -RRB- , which literally means `` living Buddha '' .
In addition to Tibetans and related peoples , Tibetan Buddhism is a traditional religion of the Mongols and their relatives .
The album was released in 1983 and reached number 20 in the UK charts .
Another Perfect Day is the sixth album by the British band MotÃ rhead .
QuÃ ant is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Augustine Azuka `` Jay-Jay '' Okocha -LRB- born 14 August 1973 in Enugu -RRB- is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
However , after receiving the blood , all Burns does is send the family a card .
`` Blood Feud '' is the twenty-second and final episode of The Simpsons second season .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on July 11 , 1991 .
Homer discovers Bart has Burns 's rare blood type and urges his son to donate some , promising that they will be handsomely rewarded .
In the episode , Mr. Burns falls ill and desperately needs a blood transfusion .
Enraged , Homer writes an insulting reply , but Marge convinces him at the last minute not to send it , although Bart mails it anyway .
Spyro 2 : Ripto 's Rage !
is a video game for the PlayStation video game console .
GameSpot gave the game a 8.6 \/ 10 , saying that it `` injected a dose of soul and variety into a game that was already pretty fun to play '' . IGN gave it a 8.8 \/ 10 , stating that it is a fun , and excellent platfomer .
It was released in North America under this title on November 2 , 1999 , and in Europe and Australia as Spyro 2 : Gateway to Glimmer on November 5 , 1999 , and in Japan on March 16 , 2000 as : Spyro X Sparx Tondemo Tours .
Coldrerio is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Columbia Pictures Industries , Inc. -LRB- CPII -RRB- is an American film production and distribution company .
Columbia Pictures now forms part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group , owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment , a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony .
Willie Aames -LRB- born July 15 , 1960 -RRB- is an American actor , film and television director , television producer , and screenwriter . He played Tommy Bradford on the 1970s â Eight Is Enough , and Buddy Lembeck on the 1980s â sitcom Charles in Charge .
Mombasa port is the largest in Kenya .
This was the start of a push for Hardy , and at Survivor Series , Hardy and Triple H were the last two standing to win the traditional elimination match . Hardy began an on and off tag team with Triple H , which eventually led to a respectful feud between the two .
After failing to capture the Intercontinental Championship from Johnny Nitro over the next few weeks , including at Unforgiven , Hardy finally defeated Nitro to win his second Intercontinental Championship on the October 2 episode of Raw .
They drove all over the East Coast of the United States , working for companies such as ACW and other small promotions .
The match ended in a no contest when Kid Kash and Dallas interfered .
On the November 6 episode of Raw , Hardy lost the Intercontinental Championship back to Nitro , after Nitro hit him with the Intercontinental Championship title belt .
Hardy debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- on June 23 , 2004 , at the Second Anniversary Show , in a match against TNA X Division Champion A.J. Styles , for the title .
His first WWF match was against Razor Ramon on May 24 , 1994 . The next day he wrestled against The 1-2-3 Kid , and the match aired on the June 25 episode of Superstars .
Jeffrey Nero `` Jeff '' Hardy -LRB- born August 31 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler .
At Extreme Rules , Hardy defeated Edge to win the World Heavyweight Championship in a ladder match . Immediately after the match , however , CM Punk cashed in his Money in the Bank briefcase , which gave him a guaranteed world championship match at any time he wanted , and defeated Hardy to win the championship .
The Hardy brothers eventually caught the eyes of the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- .
In January 2009 , Hardy 's next storyline led to his involvement in scripted accidents , including a hit-and-run automobile accident and an accident involving his ring entrance pyrotechnics .
When the team was finally brought up to WWF television , after months of ` jobbing ' and live events , they formed the acrobatic tag team called the Hardy Boyz .
Hardy once again defeated Nitro .
This marked Hardy 's third reign as Intercontinental Champion .
Hardy returned to TNA on July 21 and was awarded a shot at the NWA World Heavyweight Championship .
On August 4 , 2006 , WWE announced that Hardy had re-signed with the company .
Hardy challenged for the title on September 8 , losing to NWA World Heavyweight Champion Jeff Jarrett .
One week later , Hardy regained it on the November 13 episode of Raw , with a crucifix pin .
The next night on Raw , February 19 , Hardy was defeated for the Intercontinental Championship by Umaga .
At the 2009 Royal Rumble , Hardy lost his WWE Championship to Edge after Hardy 's brother , Matt , interfered on Edge 's behalf and hit Hardy with a steel chair .
Hardy , along with his brother Matt and friends , started their own federation , the Trampoline Wrestling Federation -LRB- TWF -RRB- and mimicked the moves they saw on television .
After being signed to a contract in 1998 , they were trained by Dory Funk , Jr. in his Funkin ' Dojo with other notable wrestlers such as Kurt Angle , Christian , Test , and A-Train .
The buildup to this feud involved Matt implying that he was responsible for all of Hardy 's accidents over the past few months , and at WrestleMania XXV , Hardy was defeated by Matt in an Extreme Rules match . In a rematch at Backlash , however , Hardy defeated Matt in an `` I Quit '' match .
The brothers and their friends then began to work for other independent companies .
On the day of his return , Hardy received a push and defeated then-WWE Champion Edge by disqualification when Lita pulled Edge out of the ring .
Hardy cites Sting , The Ultimate Warrior , and Shawn Michaels as his childhood inspirations to wrestle .
The image is from Silver Surfer # 1 -LRB- 1982 -RRB- .
The album cover depicts the Marvel Comics character the Silver Surfer on the front and the hand of Galactus on the back .
There are also Nashville tuned guitars -LRB- on `` Echo '' -RRB- and key changes -LRB- on `` Always with Me , Always with You '' and `` Echo '' -RRB- to vary the album .
Surfing with the Alien is one of Satriani 's most successful albums to date .
Surfing with the Alien is the second album by instrumental rock solo artist Joe Satriani , released in 1987 .
All songs written by Joe Satriani .
However , the album liner notes mention a Marvel Characters , Inc. copyright and say the Silver Surfer likeness is used with permission .
Also notable is `` Midnight '' , which utilizes the technique of two-hand tapping at great speed , resulting in a Latin-American effect .
The artist , John Byrne , has noted that the image was used without his permission and that he has never received payment for its use .
The art is from panel 1 of page 6 of Silver Surfer # 1 published in 1982 .
The album contains fast and complex songs such as `` Surfing with the Alien '' and `` Satch Boogie '' in addition to the stranger-sounding `` Crushing Day '' and `` Lords of Karma '' , in contrast to slower , melodic songs like `` Always with Me , Always with You '' and `` Echo '' which provide a change of pace .
Surfing with the Alien contributed greatly to establishing Satriani 's reputation as a respected rock guitarist .
Momentum is conserved in inelastic collisions -LRB- as it is for elastic collisions -RRB- , but one can not track the kinetic energy through the collision since some of it is converted to other forms of energy .
A perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision .
An inelastic collision is sometimes also called a plastic collision .
An inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .
Bryology is the branch of botany concerned with the scientific study of bryophytes -LRB- mosses , liverworts , and hornworts -RRB- .
To the west is Arnhem Land , the Top End of the Northern Territory , and Groote Eylandt , the largest island in the Gulf .
The wet season lasts from December to March .
The Gulf is also a breeding ground for cyclones during the period between November and April .
It covers a water area of about 300,000 kmÂ .
The region was later explored and charted by Matthew Flinders in 1802 and 1803 .
The Gulf of Carpentaria is a large , shallow sea enclosed on three sides by northern Australia and bounded on the north by the Arafura Sea -LRB- the body of water that lies between Australia and New Guinea -RRB- .
The dry season lasts from about April until November and is characterized by very dry southeast to east winds , generated by migratory winter high pressure systems to the south .
Abel Tasman also explored the coast in 1644 .
At its mouth , the Gulf is 590 km wide , and further south , 675 km .
The first overland expedition to reach the Gulf was the Burke and Wills expedition , led by Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills which left Melbourne in August 1860 and reached the Bynoe River in February 1861 .
To the east is the Cape York Peninsula .
The area to the south -LRB- like the Cape York Peninsula , part of Queensland -RRB- is known as the Gulf Country or simply `` the Gulf . ''
In September and October the Morning Glory cloud appears in the Southern Gulf .
His fellow countryman , Jan Carstenszoon -LRB- or Carstensz -RRB- , visited in 1623 and named the gulf in honor of Pieter de Carpentier , at that time the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies .
Most of the year 's rainfall is compressed into these months , and during this period , many low-lying areas are flooded .
The land bordering the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .
The best vantage point to see this phenomenon is in the Burketown area shortly after dawn .
The climate is hot and humid with two seasons per year .
The north-south length exceeds 700 km .
The first known European explorer to visit the region was the Dutch Willem Janszoon -LRB- whose name is also written as Jansz -RRB- in his 1606 voyage .
However , in the Italian War of 1859 , French forces were able to defeat the longer range of Austrian rifle muskets by aggressive skirmishing and rapid bayonet assaults at close quarters combat .
Musket calibers ranged from 0.5 i to 0.8 i. A typical smooth bore musket firing at a single target was only accurate to about 50 y to 70 y. Rifled muskets of the mid-19th century were significantly more accurate , with the ability to hit a man sized target at up to 500 y. The advantage of this extended range was demonstrated at the Battle of Four Lakes , where Springfield Model 1855 rifled muskets inflicted heavy casualties among the Indian warriors before they could get their smooth bore muskets into range .
In the 18th century , improvements in ammunition and firing methods allowed rifling to be practical for military use , and the term `` rifled gun '' gave way to `` rifle '' .
Muskets were designed for use by infantry .
By the start of the 18th century , a lighter version of the musket had edged out the arquebus , and the addition of the bayonet edged out the pike , and almost all infantry became musketeers .
A soldier armed with a musket had the designation musketman or musketeer .
A musket is a muzzle-loaded , smooth bore long gun , fired from the shoulder .
16th-century troops armed with a heavy version of the arquebus called a musket were specialists supporting the arquebusiers and pikemen formations .
To order in Italy a very similar food to what in America is called `` pepperoni '' one would request salamino piccante to get the spicy sausage -LRB- but made only of pork beef , and never with meat from other animals as in the american version -RRB- . Usually the Italian name for a pepperoni pizza is pizza alla diavola -LRB- pizza devil-style , very similar in appearance to the pepperoni pizza -RRB- .
Original salami from Calabria can be much more spicy than american pepperoni or other types italian spicy sausages .
The Kirovabad pogrom or the pogrom of Kirovabad was an Azeri-led pogrom that targeted Armenians living in the city of Kirovabad -LRB- today called Ganja -RRB- in Soviet Azerbaijan during November 1988 .
Camiran is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Montreuil-aux-Lions is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Launoy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 741 , Pepin married Bertrada of Laon , Her father , Charibert , was the son of Pepin II 's brother , Martin of Laon .
As he was named for his grandfather , Pepin of Heristal , in turn named for his grandfather , Pepin of Landen , both mayors of the palace , Pepin the Short has sometimes been numbered Pepin III . Pepin 's father Charles Martel died in 741 .
Deekshabhoomi is a sacred monument of Buddhism at the place where Babasaheb Ambedkar converted to Buddhism along with his about 380,000 followers on October 14 , 1956 .
The court also frequently appoints a forensic psychologist to assess the state of mind of the defendant at the time of the offense .
Forensic psychology is the intersection between psychology and the criminal justice system .
The nave of a church , whether Romanesque , Gothic or Classical , extends from the entry â '' which may have a separate vestibule , the narthex â '' to the chancel and is flanked by lower aisles separated from the nave by an arcade .
If the aisles are high and of a width comparable to the central nave , the structure is sometimes said to have three naves .
`` Nave '' -LRB- Medieval Latin navis , `` ship '' -RRB- was probably suggested by the keel shape of its vaulting .
In Romanesque and Gothic Christian abbey , cathedral basilica and church architecture , the nave is the central approach to the high altar , the main body of the church .
Stephen John `` Steve '' Perryman MBE -LRB- born 21 December 1951 in Ealing , London -RRB- is a former English international football player and current manager who is best remembered for his successes with Tottenham Hotspur during the 1970s and early 1980s .
The 29 highest mountains in Norway are all in Jotunheimen , including the very highest - GaldhÃ piggen -LRB- 2469 m -RRB- .
Jotunheimen is a mountainous area of roughly 3,500 kmÂ in Southern Norway and is part of the long range known as the Scandinavian Mountains .
In martial arts , combat sports , and violence , a kick is a physical strike using the foot , leg , or knee -LRB- the latter is also known as a knee strike -RRB- . This attack is often used in hand-to-hand combat , especially in stand-up fighting .
He is one of eight drivers to win three or more world championships , the others being Jack Brabham , Jackie Stewart , Niki Lauda , Ayrton Senna -LRB- 3 each -RRB- , Alain Prost -LRB- 4 -RRB- , Juan Manuel Fangio -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and Michael Schumacher -LRB- 7 -RRB- .
Nelson Piquet Souto Maior -LRB- , born August 17 , 1952 -RRB- , known as Nelson Piquet , is a Brazilian former racing driver . He was Formula One world champion in , and .
Sir George Grove , CB -LRB- 13 August 1820 -- 28 May 1900 -RRB- was an English writer on music , known as the founding editor of Grove 's Dictionary of Music and Musicians .
Athens is the capital city of Greece .
Cize is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Kimitoshi NÅ gawa is a professional Japanese footballer .
Brighton is a town in East Sussex .
An automatic feathering system was first introduced on the Martin 4-0-4 aircraft , a piston engine airplane .
When the power being produced by the engine drops to the point where it is not contributing to thrust , the propeller will go into a feathered mode to reduce drag .
Autofeather is a feature of the engines on some turboprop or piston engine aircraft .
The system was designed to automatically feather an engine that failed during takeoff or initial climb .
He is credited with the first successful cultivation of tobacco as an export crop in the Colony of Virginia and is known as the husband of Pocahontas , daughter of the chief of the Powhatan Confederacy .
John Rolfe -LRB- c. 1585 -- 1622 -RRB- was one of the early English settlers of North America .
Matilda of Flanders -LRB- c. 1031 -- 2 November 1083 -RRB- was the wife of William the Conqueror and , as such , Queen consort of the Kingdom of England .
A sonatina is literally a small sonata .
His grandfather , Francisco Pena , and father , Joaquim `` Jack '' Pena , were both professional musicians , and taught Paul to play Cape Verdean music , including Morna .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Pena was born in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
Pena spoke Cape Verdean Creole with his family while growing up .
Paul Pena -LRB- January 26 , 1950 â `` October 1 , 2005 -RRB- was an American singer , songwriter and guitarist of Cape Verdean descent .
Sean Beavan , who mixed Antichrist Superstar , Mechanical Animals , and Eat Me , Drink Me , is co-producer of the album along with Chris Vrenna .
The High End of Low is the seventh full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson .
Reviews were mixed , with some criticizing the repetitiveness of the music and lackluster ideas , while others praised a more human Manson following his divorce , and a return to the sound of the well-received Mechanical Animals .
The album was released on May 25 , 2009 in the United Kingdom and May 26 , 2009 in the United States .
The Province of Crotone is a province in the Calabria region of Italy .
The Bab Sharqi street is filled with small shops and leads to the old Christian quarter of Bab Tuma -LRB- St. Thomas 's Gate -RRB- .
Medhat Pasha Souq is also a main market in Damascus and was named after Medhat Pasha , the Ottoman governor of Syria who renovated the Souk .
At the end of the Bab Sharqi street , one reaches the House of Ananias , an underground chapel that was the cellar of Ananias 's house .
The historical role that Damascus played as an important trade center has changed in recent years due to political development in the region as well as the development of modern trade .
Damascus has a wealth of historical sites dating back to many different periods of the city 's history .
The Citadel of Damascus is located in the northwest corner of the Old City .
Most goods produced in Damascus , as well as in Syria , are distributed to Countries of the Arabian peninsula .
Since the city has been built up with every passing occupation , it has become almost impossible to excavate all the ruins of Damascus that lie up to 8 f below the modern level .
The Umayyad Mosque , also known as the Grand Mosque of Damascus , is one of the largest mosques in the world and also one of the oldest sites of continuous prayer since the rise of Islam .
Damascus also holds an annual international trade exposition in the fall since 1955 .
Saint-S Ã ve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
There have been two distinct types of British Rail locomotive that are referred to as Class 41 .
Frameries is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Cornell Haynes , Jr. -LRB- born November 2 , 1974 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Nelly , is an American rapper and singer .
Kim Hyun-Seok -LRB- born May 5 , 1967 -RRB- is a former South Korean football Striker .
Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
La Roquille is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Orville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Additionally , as individuals they frequently have significant influence on other notable family members .
All full names with married names are given .
As individuals , they are more often notable in their own right than most individuals : They disproportionately circulate amongst political and social leaders and the wealthier classes , and they are more likely to be scrutinized as part of celebrity culture .
This is a list of children of U.S. Presidents , including stepchildren , adopted children , and alleged illegitimate children .
So , for instance , a child who may appear otherwise non-notable as an individual may , in fact , have had a significant influence on the child 's parent : acting as a sounding board , or having behavioral issues that affected the parent 's beliefs or performance .
Presidential children have been studied individually , and as a class .
Trauma Center : Under the Knife 2 is a surgical simulation game developed for the Nintendo DS and the fourth in the Trauma Center series . The game is a sequel to Trauma Center : Under the Knife .
Bara is a tehsil located in Khyber Agency , Federally Administered Tribal Areas , Pakistan .
In the 2000s , Bara achieved some mention in worldwide media with the founding of Lashkar-e-Islam , founded in the area by Mufti Munir Shakir , and later passed to Mangal Bagh , a local driver .
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the protagonists of Lemony Snicket 's novel series A Series of Unfortunate Events .
In the film she is portrayed by Kara and Shelby Hoffman .
The circumference is the distance around a closed curve .
Circumference is a special perimeter .
Sauverny is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Charles Higounet -LRB- 13 January 1911 â `` 8 April 1988 -RRB- was a French historian medievalist , specialising in bastides and the medium age period in south-west of France .
The Pass was an integral part of the ancient Silk Road and throughout history , it has been an important trade route between Central Asia and South Asia and a strategic military location .
The summit of the Khyber Pass is 5 k inside Pakistan at Landi Kotal and it cuts through the northeastern part of the Safed Koh mountains which themselves are a far southeastern extension of the Hindu Kush range .
The story of the Oregon Trail inspired a popular educational computer game of the same name , The Oregon Trail .
According to the Biological Magnetic Resonance Data Bank , guaranine is defined as only the caffeine chemical in guarana , it is identical to the caffeine chemical derived from other sources , for example coffee , tea , and matÃ .
Guaranine , theine , and mateine are all synonyms for caffeine when the definitions of those words include none of the properties and chemicals of their host plants except the chemical caffeine .
It is not known if such platelet action has any effect on the risk of heart attack or ischemic stroke .
Guarana extract reduced aggregation of rabbit platelets by up to 37 percent below control values and decreased platelet thromboxane formation from arachidonic acid by 78 percent below control values .
In rats , guarana increased memory retention and physical endurance when compared with a placebo .
The color contrast when the fruit has been split open has been likened to eyeballs ; this has formed the basis of a myth .
One study showed an average 11.2 pound -LRB- 5.1 kilogram -RRB- weight loss in a group taking a mixture of yerba mate , guarana , and damiana , compared to an average one pound loss in a placebo group after 45 days .
The guarana fruit 's color ranges from brown to red and contains black seeds which are partly covered by white arils .
Ginza Station is a metro station in ChÅ `` Å , Tokyo , Japan , serving the Ginza commercial district .
Naters is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Produces a flag icon attached to a wikilinked national football team article .
He was also a 3 time NWA Champion .
Shohei Baba was a professional wrestler and co-founder of All Japan Pro Wrestling .
Baba , along with Antonio Inoki , became one of the most famous Japanese wrestlers of his era , with a popularity in Japan comparable to Hulk Hogan 's in the United States of America .
He was also known as Giant Baba .
An official language is a language that is given a special legal status in a particular country , state , or other jurisdiction .
However , Stowe always said she based the characters of her book on stories she was told by runaway slaves in Cincinnati , Ohio , where Stowe lived .
In the essay , Baldwin called Uncle Tomâ s Cabin a `` very bad novel '' which was also racially obtuse and aesthetically crude .
Legree begins to hate Tom when Tom refuses Legree 's order to whip his fellow slave .
I could not leave it any more than I could have left a dying child . ''
Was the use of violence to oppose the violence of slavery and the breaking of proslavery laws morally defensible ?
Scenes she observed on the Ohio River , including seeing a husband and wife being sold apart , as well as newspaper and magazine accounts and interviews , contributed material to the emerging plot . ''
Evidently the death of Little Eva affected a lot of people at that time , because in 1852 300 baby girls in Boston alone were given that name .
While later critics have noted that Stowe 's female characters are often domestic clichÃ s instead of realistic women , Stowe 's novel `` reaffirmed the importance of women 's influence '' and helped pave the way for the women 's rights movement in the following decades .
In an attempt to show Ophelia that her views on blacks are wrong , St. Clare purchases Topsy , a young black slave . St. Clare then asks Ophelia to educate her .
Edmund Wilson stated that `` To expose oneself in maturity to Uncle Tom 's Cabin may â prove a startling experience . ''
One literary critic said that had the novel not been about slavery , `` it would be just another sentimental novel , '' while another described the book as `` primarily a derivative piece of hack work . ''
Even though he and his wife , Emily Shelby , believe that they have a benevolent relationship with their slaves , Shelby decides to raise the needed funds by selling two of themâ '' Uncle Tom , a middle-aged man with a wife and children , and Harry , the son of Emily Shelbyâ s maid Elizaâ '' to a slave trader .
Charles Francis Adams , the American minister to Britain during the war , argued later that `` Uncle Tom 's Cabin ; or Life among the Lowly , published in 1852 , exercised , largely from fortuitous circumstances , a more immediate , considerable and dramatic world-influence than any other book ever printed . ''
Tompkins praised the style so many other critics had dismissed , writing that sentimental novels showed how women 's emotions had the power to change the world for the better .
Stowe 's solution was similar to Ralph Waldo Emerson 's : God 's will would be followed if each person sincerely examined his principles and acted on them .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin has exerted an influence equaled by few other novels in history .
When Tom refuses to tell Legree where Cassy and Emmeline have gone , Legree orders his overseers to kill Tom .
The book has also been seen as an attempt to redefine masculinity as a necessary step toward the abolition of slavery .
Reactions ranged from a bookseller in Mobile , Alabama who was forced to leave town for selling the novel to threatening letters sent to Stowe herself -LRB- including a package containing a slave 's severed ear -RRB- .
Worried that Loker may die , Eliza convinces George to bring the slave hunter to a nearby Quaker settlement for medical treatment .
After Tom dies , George Shelby eulogizes Tom by saying , `` What a thing it is to be a Christian . ''
Jane Tompkins states that the novel is one of the classics of American literature and wonders if many literary critics are n't dismissing the book because it was simply too popular during its day .
The book opens with a Kentucky farmer named Arthur Shelby facing the loss of his farm because of debts .
She also said that the popular domestic novels of the 19th century , including Uncle Tom 's Cabin , were remarkable for their `` intellectual complexity , ambition , and resourcefulness '' ; and that Uncle Tom 's Cabin offers a `` critique of American society far more devastating than any delivered by better-known critics such as Hawthorne and Melville . ''
For Stowe , blood relations rather than paternalistic relations between masters and slaves formed the basis of families .
Other critics , though , have praised the novel .
Since then , many writers have credited this novel with focusing Northern anger at the injustices of slavery and the Fugitive Slave Law and helping to fuel the abolitionist movement .
In the 1960s and '70s , the Black Power and Black Arts Movements attacked the novel , saying that the character of Uncle Tom engaged in `` race betrayal '' , and that Tom made slaves out to be worse than slave owners .
Union general and politician James Baird Weaver said that the book convinced him to become active in the abolitionist movement .
However , later research indicated that Stowe did not actually read many of the book 's cited works until after the publication of her novel .
In contrast to Ophelia is Dinah , who operates on passion .
Our clergy hate her voluntary system â '' our Tories hate her democrats â '' our Whigs hate her parvenus â '' our Radicals hate her litigiousness , her insolence , and her ambition .
Stowe 's puritanical religious beliefs show up in the novel 's final , over-arching theme -- the exploration of the nature of Christianity and how she feels Christian theology is fundamentally incompatible with slavery .
For example , as an ardent Christian and active abolitionist , Stowe placed many of her religion 's beliefs into the novel .
Georgiana May , a friend of Stowe 's , wrote a letter to the author , saying , `` I was up last night long after one o'clock , reading and finishing Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
His wife reneges on her late husband 's vow and sells Tom at auction to a vicious plantation owner named Simon Legree .
We have long been smarting under the conceit of America â '' we are tired of hearing her boast that she is the freest and the most enlightened country that the world has ever seen .
During Eliza 's escape , she meets up with her husband George Harris , who had run away previously .
Despite this positive reaction from readers , for decades literary critics dismissed the style found in Uncle Tom 's Cabin and other sentimental novels because these books were written by women and so prominently featured `` women 's sloppy emotions . ''
The novel 's creation and use of common stereotypes about African Americans is important because Uncle Tom 's Cabin was the best-selling novel in the world during the 19th century .
Later books which owe a large debt to Uncle Tom 's Cabin include The Jungle by Upton Sinclair and Silent Spring by Rachel Carson .
In the book , Stowe discusses each of the major characters in Uncle Tom 's Cabin and cites `` real life equivalents '' to them while also mounting a more `` aggressive attack on slavery in the South than the novel itself had . ''
These negative associations have to a large degree overshadowed the historical impact of Uncle Tom 's Cabin as a `` vital antislavery tool . ''
These genres were the most popular novels of Stowe 's time and tended to feature female main characters and a writing style which evoked a reader 's sympathy and emotion .
Loker has changed as the result of being healed by the Quakers .
Legree beats Tom viciously , and resolves to crush his new slave 's faith in God .
The beginning of this change in the novel 's perception had its roots in an essay by James Baldwin titled `` Everybodyâ s Protest Novel . ''
In The Literary History of the United States , George F. Whicher called Uncle Tom 's Cabin `` Sunday-school fiction '' , full of `` broadly conceived melodrama , humor , and pathos . ''
Despite these criticisms , the novel still captured the imagination of many Americans .
The first London edition appeared in May 1852 , and sold 200,000 copies .
As the first widely read political novel in the United States , Uncle Tom 's Cabin greatly influenced development of not only American literature but also protest literature in general .
All parties hailed Mrs. Stowe as a revolter from the enemy . ''
Many Southern writers , like Simms , soon wrote their own books in opposition to Stowe 's novel -LRB- see the Anti-Tom section below -RRB- .
Eventually Loker and his men trap Eliza and her family , causing George to shoot Loker .
Despite this undisputed significance , the popular perception of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is as `` a blend of children 's fable and propaganda . ''
One way Stowe showed the evil of slavery was how this `` peculiar institution '' forcibly separated families from each other .
In recent years , however , scholars such as Henry Louis Gates Jr. have begun to reexamine Uncle Tom 's Cabin , stating that the book is a `` central document in American race relations and a significant moral and political exploration of the character of those relations . ''
It should be noted , though , that while Stowe claimed A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin documented her previously consulted sources , she actually read many of the cited works only after the publication of her novel .
The novel has also been dismissed by a number of literary critics as `` merely a sentimental novel , '' while critic George Whicher stated in his Literary History of the United States that `` Nothing attributable to Mrs. Stowe or her handiwork can account for the novel 's enormous vogue ; its author 's resources as a purveyor of Sunday-school fiction were not remarkable .
In order to change the notion of manhood so that men could oppose slavery without jeopardizing their self-image or their standing in society , some abolitionists drew on principles of women 's suffrage and Christianity as well as passivism , and praised men for cooperation , compassion , and civic spirit .
According to Rankin , in February , 1838 a young slave woman had escaped across the frozen Ohio River to the town of Ripley with her child in her arms and stayed at his house on her way further north .
As one prominent writer explained , `` The evil passions which ` Uncle Tom ' gratified in England were not hatred or vengeance -LRB- of slavery -RRB- , but national jealousy and national vanity .
Before St. Clare can follow through on his pledge , however , he dies after being stabbed while entering a New Orleans tavern .
Feminist theory can also be seen at play in Stowe 's book , with the novel as a critique of the patriarchal nature of slavery .
He encourages Cassy to escape , which she does , taking Emmeline with her .
Even though Stowe 's novel differs from other sentimental novels by focusing on a large theme like slavery and by having a man as the main character , she still set out to elicit certain strong feelings from her readers -LRB- such as making them cry at the death of Little Eva -RRB- .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin also created great interest in England .
George , Eliza , and Harry have also obtained their freedom after crossing into Canada .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin is dominated by a single theme : the evil and immorality of slavery .
However , they are now being tracked by a slave hunter named Tom Loker .
Eva begs her father to buy Tom , and he becomes the head coachman at the St. Clare plantation . He spends most of his time with the angelic Eva , however .
Because Stowe saw motherhood as the `` ethical and structural model for all of American life , '' and also believed that only women had the moral authority to save the United States from the demon of slavery , another major theme of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is the moral power and sanctity of women .
Legree -LRB- a transplanted northerner -RRB- takes Tom to rural Louisiana , where Tom meets Legree 's other slaves , including Emmeline -LRB- whom Legree purchased at the same time -RRB- .
However , in 1985 Jane Tompkins expressed a different view of Uncle Tom 's Cabin with her book In Sensational Designs : The Cultural Work of American Fiction .
It is reported that `` She observed firsthand several incidents which galvanized her to write -LRB- the -RRB- famous anti-slavery novel .
Modern scholars and readers have criticized the book for what are seen as condescending racist descriptions of the book 's black characters , especially with regard to the characters ' appearances , speech , and behavior , as well as the passive nature of Uncle Tom in accepting his fate .
Historians are undecided if Lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that Stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with Lincoln no mention of this comment was made .
This theme is most evident when Tom urges St. Clare to `` look away to Jesus '' after the death of St. Clare 's beloved daughter Eva .
According to Stowe 's son , when Abraham Lincoln met her in 1862 Lincoln commented , `` So this is the little lady who started this great war . ''
While at the plantation , Tom meets Cassy , another of Legree 's slaves .
In this view , the character of George Harris embodies the principles of free labor , while the complex character of Ophelia represents those Northerners who condoned compromise with slavery .
Immediately upon publication , Uncle Tom 's Cabin outraged people in the American South .
Eva , whose real name is Evangeline St. Clare , is the daughter of Augustine St. Clare .
The book was so widely read that Sigmund Freud reported a number of patients with sado-masochistic tendencies who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
Back in New Orleans , St. Clare debates slavery with his Northern cousin Ophelia who , while opposing slavery , is prejudiced against black people .
When Eva falls into the river , Tom saves her . In gratitude , Eva 's father , Augustine St. Clare , buys Tom from the slave trader and takes him with the family to their home in New Orleans .
Criticisms of the other stereotypes in the book also increased during this time .
The novel was also roundly criticized by slavery supporters .
Like the novel , A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin was also a best-seller .
Another reader is described as obsessing on the book at all hours and having considered renaming her daughter Eva .
As a best-seller , the novel heavily influenced later protest literature .
Acclaimed Southern novelist William Gilmore Simms declared the work utterly false , while others called the novel criminal and slanderous .
Stowe mentioned a number of the inspirations and sources for her novel in A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin -LRB- 1853 -RRB- .
The book has been translated into almost every language , including Chinese -LRB- with translator Lin Shu creating the first Chinese translation of an American novel -RRB- and Amharic -LRB- with the 1930 translation created in support of Ethiopian efforts to end the suffering of blacks in that nation -RRB- .
Which of Stowe 's characters should be emulated , the passive Uncle Tom or the defiant George Harris ?
Uncle Tom 's Cabin ; or , Life Among the Lowly is an anti-slavery novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe .
The character Eliza was inspired by an account given at Lane Theological Seminary in Cincinnati by John Rankin to Stowe 's husband Calvin , a professor at the school .
She had at most a ready command of broadly conceived melodrama , humor , and pathos , and of these popular cements she compounded her book . ''
Uncle Tom 's Cabin is written in the sentimental and melodramatic style common to 19th century sentimental novels and domestic fiction -LRB- also called women 's fiction -RRB- .
Cassy was previously separated from her son and daughter when they were sold ; unable to endure the pain of seeing another child sold , she killed her third child .
The Order of the Bath is the fourth-most senior of the British Orders of Chivalry , after The Most Noble Order of the Garter , The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle , and The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick .
Thankful is the debut album by American singer Kelly Clarkson , released in the United States by RCA on April 15 , 2003 -LRB- see 2003 in music -RRB- .
`` A Moment Like This '' was its first single , followed by `` Miss Independent '' , `` Low '' , and `` The Trouble with Love Is '' .
Thankful included three cover tracks , '' -LRB- You Make Me Feel Like -RRB- A Natural Woman '' originally by Aretha Franklin , `` Some Kind of Miracle '' originally sung by Puff Johnson and `` Just Missed the Train '' by Danielle Brisebois .
In Canada Thankful was certified platinum for 100,000 copies shipped .
It was designed by Nintendo Research & Development 1 , programmed by Intelligent Systems , and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console .
, also known as Metroid 3 , is an action-adventure video game and the third game in the Metroid series .
High School Musical 3 : Senior Year is a musical film released to cinemas in 2008 . It is the third and final installment in the High School Musical trilogy .
Joined by the rest of their East High Wildcat friends , they stage an elaborate spring musical reflecting their experiences , hopes , and fears about the future .
Kenny Ortega returned as director and choreographer , as did all six primary actors .
Its theatrical release in the United States began on October 24 , 2008 .
The English name `` Snowdon '' comes from the Old English ' , meaning `` snow hill '' as Snowdon can offer significant falls of snow each winter from October to April , but in the past , rare fresh late-seasonal snow has been reported to fall on Snowdon , well into the months of May and June .
As the highest peak in Wales , Snowdon is one of three mountains climbed as part of the National Three Peaks Challenge .
It is located in Snowdonia National Park -LRB- ' -RRB- in Gwynedd .
Overijse is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Clayton is a city in Custer County , Idaho , United States .
Team Lotus was the motorsport sister company of English sports car manufacturer Lotus Cars .
Under the direction of founder and Chief Designer Colin Chapman Lotus was responsible for many innovative and experimental developments in critical motorsport , in both technical and commercial arenas .
More than ten years after its last race Team Lotus remains one of the most successful racing teams of all time , winning seven Formula One Constructors ' titles , six Drivers ' Championships , and the Indianapolis 500 in the United States , between 1962 and 1978 .
The team ran cars in many motorsport series including Formula One , Formula Two , Formula Ford , Formula Junior , IndyCar and sports car racing .
A little over 1 year later , on September 24 , 2010 , it was announced that Tony Fernandes -LRB- Lotus Racing -RRB- had acquired the name rights of Team Lotus from David Hunt , marking the official re-birth of Team Lotus in Formula One . Then on December 8 , 2010 , Genii Capital and Group Lotus plc announced the creation of ` Lotus Renault GP ' , the successor to the Renault F1 Team that will contest the 2011 FIA Formula One World Championship .
Labia is the plural of labium .
Gerrots is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Capelle-Fermont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Liver diseases may be diagnosed by liver function tests , for example , by production of acute phase proteins .
The bilirubin results from the breakup of the hemoglobin of dead red blood cells ; normally , the liver removes bilirubin from the blood and excretes it through bile .
Living donor liver transplantation is a technique in which a portion of a living person 's liver is removed and used to replace the entire liver of the recipient .
In most cases , the liver only produces symptoms after extensive damage .
Liver allografts for transplant usually come from donors who have died from fatal brain injury . Living donor liver transplantation is a technique in which a portion of a living person 's liver is removed and used to replace the entire liver of the recipient .
The various functions of the liver are carried out by the liver cells or hepatocytes .
This is a list of U.S. states by date of statehood , that is , the date when each U.S. state joined the Union .
Although the first 13 states can be considered to have been members of the United States from the date of the Declaration of Independence -- July 4 , 1776 -- , or from the date on which they ratified the Articles of Confederation , they are presented here as being `` admitted '' on the date each ratified the present United States Constitution ; most other such lists , including the 50 State Quarters program , do the same .
The Great Gatsby is a novel by the American author F. Scott Fitzgerald .
Daisy is Nick 's second cousin once removed and Nick knew of Tom , a football player at New Haven .
This National Natural Landmark stretches for about sixty miles southwest from Grand Coulee Dam to Soap Lake , being bisected by Dry Falls into the Upper and Lower Grand Coulee .
The Grand Coulee is an ancient river bed in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Upper Grand Coulee was dammed and turned into Banks Lake .
The Lower Grand Coulee contains Park , Blue , Alkali , Lenore , and Soap lakes .
Until recently , the Upper Coulee was dry .
The area surrounding the Grand Coulee is shrub-steppe habitat , with an average annual rainfall of less than twelve inches .
The Columbia Basin Project changed this in 1952 , using the ancient river bed as an irrigation distribution network .
The lake is filled by pumps from the Grand Coulee Dam and forms the first leg of a hundred mile -LRB- 160 km -RRB- irrigation system .
In principle , the only remaining problem was to be sure -LRB- or at least confident -RRB- that a public key actually belonged to its supposed owner .
In particular , it has not yet been solved for the modern situation of two previously unknown users attempting to communicate electronically , as , for instance , in electronic commerce .
If Alice and Bob wish to exchange encrypted messages , each must be equipped to encrypt messages to be sent and decrypt messages received .
Public key infrastructures have been proposed as a way around this problem of identity authentication .
If an asymmetric key cipher with the public\/private key property , both will need the other 's public key .
Key exchange -LRB- also known as `` key establishment '' -RRB- is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
Each user is responsible for vetting any certificate from another before using that certificate to communicate with , vet digital signatures from , ... the user claimed to be associated with the particular public key in a certificate .
If they use a code , both will require a copy of the same codebook .
Some of the existing work-around designs work , more or less , but are not fully satisfactory .
The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information are needed so that no one else can obtain a copy .
The problem of key exchange has not yet been solved .
However , Dâ `` H key exchange did not address the problem of being sure of the actual identity of the person -LRB- or ` entity ' -RRB- .
With the advent of public key \/ private key cipher algorithms , the encrypting key -LRB- aka public key -RRB- could be made public , since -LRB- at least for high quality algorithms -RRB- no one without the decrypting key -LRB- aka , the private key -RRB- could decrypt the message .
The nature of the equipping they require depends on the encryption technique they might use .
In their most usual implementation , each user applies to a ` certificate authority ' for a digital certificate which serves for other users as a non-tamperable authentication of identity .
In 1976 , Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published a cryptographic protocol , -LRB- Diffieâ `` Hellman key exchange -RRB- , which allows users to establish ` secure channels ' on which to exchange keys , even if an Opponent is monitoring that communication channel .
If the cipher is a symmetric key cipher , both will need a copy of the same key .
Traditionally , this required trusted couriers , diplomatic bags , or some other secure channel .
If they use a cipher , they will need appropriate keys .
The production was released on audio cassette by Hodder Headline Audiobooks by arrangement with BBC Enterprises -LRB- ISBN 1-85998-218-2 -RRB- .
The successful opening night marked the climax of Wilde 's career but also heralded his downfall .
In 1963 , Erik Chisholm composed an opera from the play , using Wilde 's text as the libretto .
After imprisonment , he published the play from Paris but wrote no further comic or dramatic work .
The production was released on audio cassette by the BBC Radio Collection -LRB- ISBN 0-563-47803-9 -RRB- .
The Marquess of Queensberry , father of Lord Alfred Douglas , an intimate friend of Wilde , planned to present Wilde a bouquet of spoiling vegetables and disrupt the show .
George Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review , arguing that comedy should touch as well as amuse , `` I go to the theater to be moved to laughter '' .
Soon afterwards the feud came to a climax in court , and Wilde 's new notoriety caused the play , despite its success , to be closed after just 86 performances .
The Importance of being Earnest , A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde .
In contrast to much theater of the time , The Importance of Being Earnests light plot does not tackle serious social and political issues , something contemporary reviewers were wary of .
The Importance of Being Earnest has been revived many times since its premiere , and adapted for the cinema on three occasions : in The Importance of Being Earnest -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , Dame Edith Evans reprised her celebrated interpretation of Lady Bracknell ; The Importance of Being Earnest -LRB- 1992 -RRB- by Kurt Baker used an all-black cast ; and Oliver Parker 's The Importance of Being Earnest -LRB- 2002 -RRB- included material cut during the original stage production .
To commemorate the centenary of the first performance of The Importance of Being Earnest , BBC Radio 4 broadcast a radio adaptation on 13 February 1995 ; directed by Glyn Dearman , it featured Dame Judi Dench as `` Lady Bracknell '' , Sir Michael Hordern as `` Lane '' , Michael Sheen as `` Jack Worthing '' , Martin Clunes as `` Algernon Moncrieff '' , John Moffatt as `` Rev. Canon Chasuble '' , Miriam Margolyes as `` Miss Prism '' , Samantha Bond as `` Gwendolen '' and Amanda Root as `` Cecily '' .
On 13 December 2000 , BBC Radio 3 broadcast a new radio adaptation directed by Howard Davies starring Geraldine McEwan as `` Lady Bracknell '' , Simon Russell Beale as `` Jack Worthing '' , Julian Wadham as `` Algernon Moncrieff '' , Geoffrey Palmer as `` Rev. Canon Chasuble '' , Celia Imrie as `` Miss Prism '' , Victoria Hamilton as `` Gwendolen '' and Emma Fielding as `` Cecily '' , with music composed by Dominic Muldowney .
Wilde was tipped off and Queensberry was refused admission .
First performed on 14 February 1895 at St. James 's Theatre in London , it is a farcical comedy in which the protagonists maintain fictitious personae in order to escape burdensome obligations .
Later in a letter he said , the play , though `` extremely funny '' was Wilde 's `` first really heartless -LRB- one -RRB- '' .
Reference class forecasting was developed to increase forecasting accuracy .
Forecasting is used in the practice of Customer Demand Planning in every day business forecasting for manufacturing companies . The discipline of demand planning , also sometimes referred to as supply chain forecasting , embraces both statistical forecasting and a consensus process .
Thomas Richard Coughlin -LRB- born August 31 , 1946 in Waterloo , New York -RRB- is an American football coach who is currently head coach for the New York Giants of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
The Colorado Avalanche are a professional ice hockey team based in Denver , Colorado , United States .
Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party -LRB- JKPP -RRB- is a political party of the self-governing state , Azad Kashmir located in Pakistan administered Kashmir .
Since then , the party officially started its working .
Keeping the Democratic principles in mind , The Central Council of 200 members elected the first President of the party .
Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was formed on 19 July 1990 , after observing the changes in political situation of Azad Kashmir , by politicians of same school of thought , under the supervision of the founder of Azad Kashmir , Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan .
The purpose of JKPP 's formation was to provide a platform to the people , through which they can struggle for the Independence and betterment of the society .
The main center of politics of JKPP is Azad Kashmir -LRB- Including Gilgit and Baltistan -RRB- .
The First Convention of Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was held in Islamabad on 9 December , 1992 .
Both explicit self-esteem and implicit self-esteem are subtypes of self-esteem proper .
Additionally , self-esteem has been found to be related to forgiveness in close relationships , in that people with high self-esteem will be more forgiving than people with low self-esteem .
He is the only person to host all three major NBC News programs : The Today Show , NBC Nightly News , and , briefly , Meet the Press .
Thomas John `` Tom '' Brokaw -LRB- Ë broÊ kÉ '' Ë ; born February 6 , 1940 -RRB- is an American television journalist and author best known as the anchor and managing editor of NBC Nightly News from 1982 to 2004 .
Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
A typical mix is 75 % copper , 25 % nickel , and a trace amount of manganese .
After returning to Hughenden in 2006 , the Warriors took up a two-year residency at Firhill from the start of the 2007-08 Magners League season .
Firhill Stadium or Firhill Arena -LRB- also previously known as Firhill Park , but commonly referred to as simply Firhill -RRB- is a football , rugby union and rugby league stadium located in the Maryhill area of Glasgow , Scotland . As of 2010 it is the home ground of football club Partick Thistle F.C. and the Glasgow Warriors rugby union team .
In December 2005 Firhill also became the home of Glasgow 's professional rugby union team , Glasgow Warriors , when they moved from their previous base at Hughenden Stadium .
Common types of matrices include : metal plates , usually copper or zinc , or polymer plates for engraving or etching ; stone , aluminum , or polymer for lithography ; blocks of wood for woodcuts and wood engravings ; and linoleum for linocuts .
Patti Deutsch -LRB- born December 16 , 1945 ; Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania -RRB- is a voice artist and comedic actress . In the 1970s she was a frequent panelist on Match Game .
Coucy-le-Ch Ã cents teau-Auffrique is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Lapeyrouse is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Gustave Caillebotte -LRB- ; 19 August 1848 â `` 21 February 1894 -RRB- was a French painter , member and patron of the group of artists known as Impressionists , though he painted in a much more realistic manner than many other artists in the group .
Caillebotte was noted for his early interest in photography as an art form .
Bob Jones University -LRB- BJU -RRB- is a private , non-denominational Protestant university in Greenville , South Carolina .
Established in 1927 near Panama City , on the Florida panhandle , Bob Jones College moved to Cleveland , Tennessee in 1933 , and to its present campus in Greenville , South Carolina in 1947 , where it became Bob Jones University .
The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones , Sr. -LRB- 1883 â `` 1968 -RRB- , an evangelist and contemporary of Billy Sunday .
Rick Nash -LRB- born June 16 , 1984 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger and captain of the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Saint-Val Ã rien is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Saint-Urbain , VendÃ e is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
MÃ tley CrÃ 1\/4 e is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles , California in 1981 . The group was founded by bass guitarist Nikki Sixx and drummer Tommy Lee , who were later joined by lead guitarist Mick Mars and lead singer Vince Neil .
Computer engineering , also called computer systems engineering , is a discipline that integrates several fields of electrical engineering and computer science required to develop computer systems . Computer engineers usually have training in electronic engineering , software design , and hardware-software integration instead of only software engineering or electronic engineering .
Parnell is a city in Iowa County , Iowa , United States .
The College of Emergency Medicine is the single authoritative body for emergency medicine in the UK .
Yalova is twinned with the cities of Bonn in Germany , Mahachkala in Russia and Medgidia in Romania .
Yalova is a city located in northwestern Turkey , on the eastern coast of the Sea of Marmara , and is the capital of the Yalova Province .
Danville Schools serves the city of Danville .
Chambonas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom and the largest constituent college of the federal University of London .
Key sources of income included Â # 200.6 million from research grants and contracts , Â # 209.8 million from Funding Council grants , and Â # 8.1 million from endowment and investment income .
UCL is organised into eight constituent faculties , within which there are over 100 departments , institutes and research centres .
University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom and the largest constituent college of the federal University of London . Founded in 1826 , UCL was the first university institution to be founded in London and the first in England to be established on an entirely secular basis , to admit students regardless of their religion and to admit women on equal terms with men .
UCL 's main campus is located in the Bloomsbury area of Central London , with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in Central London .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
There are currently 36 Fellows of the Royal Society , 26 Fellows of the British Academy , 10 Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering and 78 Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences amongst UCL academic and research staff .
UCL has over 4,000 academic and research staff and 648 professors , the highest number of any British university .
UCL is ranked 21st in the world -LRB- and 3rd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 4th in the world -LRB- and 2nd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings and 22nd in the world -LRB- and 5th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
UCL is a major center for biomedical research ; it is part of three of the 12 biomedical research centres established by the NHS in England and is a founding member of UCL Partners , the largest academic health science center in Europe .
Put more simply , fuzzy logic is a superset of conventional -LRB- boolean -RRB- logic that has been extended to handle the concept of partial truth , where the truth value may range between completely true and completely false .
Fuzzy logic is a form of many-valued logic derived from fuzzy set theory to deal with reasoning that is fluid or approximate rather than fixed and exact . In contrast with `` crisp logic '' , where binary sets have two-valued logic , fuzzy logic variables may have a truth value that ranges in degree between 0 and 1 .
Bradley Joseph `` Brad '' Fitzpatrick -LRB- born February 5 , 1980 in Iowa -RRB- , is an American programmer . He is best known as the creator of LiveJournal and is the author of a variety of free software projects such as memcached .
Accomac is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
Delphos is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
Computers , electronic clocks , and programmable logic controllers -LRB- used to control industrial processes -RRB- are constructed of digital circuits .
Analog circuits are sometimes called linear circuits although many non-linear effects are used in analog circuits such as mixers , modulators , etc. .
The name `` phpBB '' is an abbreviation of PHP Bulletin Board . Available under the GNU General Public License , phpBB is free open-source software .
Although these were the result of outdated versions of PHP and phpBB , incidents like these have caused the security of phpBB to be disputed .
He is best remembered as Sheriff Lobo in the 1970s TV series B. J. and the Bear , and later The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo , a spin-off series , with Ben Cooper appearing as Waverly .
Claude Marion Akins -LRB- May 25 , 1926 â `` January 27 , 1994 -RRB- was an American actor with a long career on stage , screen and television .
Powerful in appearance and voice , Akins could be counted on to play the clever -LRB- or less than clever -RRB- tough guy , on the side of good or bad , in movies and television .
They are officially nicknamed The Doonhamers , but usually referred to as Queens or QoS -LRB- as listed on the club badge -RRB- . Its home ground since its formation has been Palmerston Park .
Queen of the South Football Club is a Scottish professional football club founded in 1919 and located in Dumfries .
The club currently plays in the Scottish First Division , the second tier of Scottish football .
While Queens led Scotland 's top division until Christmas in season 1953 â `` 54 , its highest-ever finish in the Scottish top flight was fourth in season 1933 â `` 34 .
Its longest cup run was in the 2007 â `` 08 Scottish Cup , in which it reached the final and finished runners-up .
The Amazilia Hummingbird -LRB- Amazilia amazilia -RRB- is a species of hummingbird , a family of small near passerine birds .
The Loja Hummingbird -LRB- A. alticola -RRB- , with less rufous to the underparts , is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Amazilia Hummingbird .
Its use began to develop from this original sense when the Hebrew Bible was translated into Greek ; in Ancient Greece the term Î Î Î Ï Ï Î Ï Î -LRB- diaspora -RRB- meant `` scattering '' and was used to refer to citizens of a dominant city-state who immigrated to a conquered land with the purpose of colonization , to assimilate the territory into the empire . The term derives from the verb Î Î Î Ï Ï Î Î Ï Ï -LRB- diaspeirÅ -RRB- , `` I scatter '' , `` I spread about '' and that form Î Î Î -LRB- dia -RRB- , `` between , through , across '' + the verb Ï Ï Î Î Ï Ï -LRB- speirÅ -RRB- , `` I sow , I scatter '' .
The Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany was signed in Moscow , USSR , on 12 September 1990 , and that paved the way for German reunification on 3 October 1990 .
Although the treaty was signed by the western and eastern German states as separate entities , it was ratified by the united Germany -LRB- the Federal Republic of Germany -RRB- per the terms of the treaty agreement .
Its capital is Linz .
Upper Austria -LRB- , , Austro-Bavarian : ObaÃ starreich -RRB- is one of the nine states or BundeslÃ nder of Austria .
Upper Austria borders on Germany and the Czech Republic , as well as on the other Austrian states of Lower Austria , Styria , and Salzburg .
With an area of 11,980 kmÂ and 1.3 million inhabitants , Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by land area and third-largest by population .
The name `` Hadean '' derives from Hades , Greek for `` Underworld '' , referring to the conditions on Earth at the time .
It started at Earth 's formation about 4.6 billion years ago -LRB- 4,600 Ma -RRB- , and ended roughly 3.8 billion years ago , though the latter date varies according to different sources .
The geologist Preston Cloud coined the term in 1972 , originally to label the period before the earliest-known rocks .
The Hadean is the geologic eon before the Archean .
Timothy Duane `` Tim '' Hardaway -LRB- born September 1 , 1966 -RRB- is a retired American basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- and who in his prime was one of the league 's best point guards .
It is an extension of the abdomen , and is located between the penis and anus .
This template converts ONS codes to population , rank or density for Welsh councils .
Typical use : or RNK = or DEN = or DRK = .
Usually , spermicides are combined with contraceptive barrier methods such as diaphragms , condoms , cervical caps , and sponges .
As a contraceptive , spermicide may be used alone . However , the pregnancy rate experienced by couples using only spermicide is higher than that of couples using other methods .
Coaching stock of British Rail .
It is the only Semitic language written in the Latin alphabet in its standard form .
The oldest known document in Maltese is `` Il Cantilena '' -LRB- Maltese : Xidew il-Qada -RRB- a poem from the 15th century written by Pietro Caxaro , and the first known Maltese dictionary was written by the French Knight Francois de Vion Thezan Court in 1640 .
The majority of television stations broadcast from Malta are in English or Maltese , although broadcasts from Italy in Italian are also received on the islands . Similarly , there are more Maltese language radio programs than English ones broadcast from Malta , but again , as with television , Italian broadcasts are also picked up .
About half of the vocabulary is borrowed from Italian and Sicilian , and English words make up as much as 20 % of the Maltese vocabulary .
Maltese became an official language of Malta in 1934 , alongside English , when Italian was dropped from official use .
Maltese is the national language of Malta , and a co-official language of the country alongside English , while also serving as an official language of the European Union , the only Semitic language so distinguished .
A large number of plants can be either shrubs or trees , depending on the growing conditions they experience .
In botany and ecology a shrub is more specifically used to describe the particular physical structural or plant life-form of woody plants which are less than 8 m high and usually have many stems arising at or near the base .
For example , a descriptive system widely adopted in Australia is based on structural characteristics based on life-form , plus the height and amount of foliage cover of the tallest layer or dominant species .
Small , low shrubs such as lavender , periwinkle and thyme are often termed subshrubs .
He was one of the Busby Babes , the young United team formed under manager Matt Busby in the mid 1950s , and one of eight players who died as a result of the Munich air disaster .
Duncan Edwards -LRB- 1 October 1936 â `` 21 February 1958 -RRB- was an English footballer who played for Manchester United and the England national team .
Brian `` Boosh '' Boucher -LRB- pronounced Boo-shay -RRB- -LRB- born January 2 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional ice hockey goaltender for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Longpont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
As of 2002 , fluid bearings appear to have a mean time between failures of more than 1300 years .
Pelton had been quite an effective promoter of his design and although Doble took over the Pelton company he did not change the name to Doble because it had brand name recognition .
In 1849 , James B. Francis improved the inward flow reaction turbine to over 90 % efficiency .
Flowing water is directed on to the blades of a turbine runner , creating a force on the blades .
The jet pushes on the turbine 's curved blades which changes the direction of the flow .
In the United States , it is now illegal to block the migration of fish , for example the endangered great white sturgeon in North America , so fish ladders must be provided by dam builders .
Its runner shape was similar to that of a Francis turbine .
It was an evolution of the Francis turbine but revolutionized the ability to develop low-head hydro sites .
The migration from water wheels to modern turbines took about one hundred years .
Water turbines are divided into two groups ; reaction turbines and impulse turbines .
Inspired by the high pressure jet systems used in hydraulic mining in the gold fields , Knight developed a bucketed wheel which captured the energy of a free jet , which had converted a high head -LRB- hundreds of vertical feet in a pipe or penstock -RRB- of water to kinetic energy .
It is still the most widely used water turbine in the world today .
In 1844 , Uriah A. Boyden developed an outward flow turbine that improved on the performance of the Fourneyron turbine .
They use a renewable energy source and are designed to operate for decades .
In 1879 , Lester Pelton -LRB- 1829-1908 -RRB- , experimenting with a Knight Wheel , developed a double bucket design , which exhausted the water to the side , eliminating some energy loss of the Knight wheel which exhausted some water back against the center of the wheel .
The main difference between early water turbines and water wheels is a swirl component of the water which passes energy to a spinning rotor .
Small turbines -LRB- mostly under 10 MW -RRB- may have horizontal shafts , and even fairly large bulb-type turbines up to 100 MW or so may be horizontal .
The stationary outlet also had curved guides .
Some people believe that it is possible to construct hydropower systems that divert fish and other organisms away from turbine intakes without significant damage or loss of power ; historical performance of diversion structures have been poor .
Most water turbines in use are reaction turbines and are used in low -LRB- -LRB- 30m\/98 ft -RRB- and medium -LRB- 30-300m \/ 98 â `` 984 ft -RRB- head applications .
They could process more water by spinning faster and could harness much greater heads .
Since the runner is spinning , the force acts through a distance -LRB- force acting through a distance is the definition of work -RRB- .
Dams alter the natural ecology of rivers , potentially killing fish , stopping migrations , and disrupting peoples ' livelihoods .
Turgo and Crossflow turbines were later impulse designs .
They produce significant amounts of the world 's electrical supply .
Turbines are designed to run for decades with very little maintenance of the main elements ; overhaul intervals are on the order of several years .
Now they are mostly used for electric power generation .
Some water turbines are designed for pumped storage hydroelectricity .
For example , American Indian tribes in the Pacific Northwest had livelihoods built around salmon fishing , but aggressive dam-building destroyed their way of life .
In 1820 , Jean-Victor Poncelet developed an inward-flow turbine .
Newton 's third law describes the transfer of energy for reaction turbines .
Impulse turbines change the velocity of a water jet .
Segner worked with Euler on some of the early mathematical theories of turbine design .
Damaged areas are cut or ground out , then welded back up to their original or an improved profile .
It is a very simple machine that is still produced today for use in small hydro sites .
Other elements requiring inspection and repair during overhauls include bearings , packing box and shaft sleeves , servomotors , cooling systems for the bearings and generator coils , seal rings , wicket gate linkage elements and all surfaces .
Turbine selection is based mostly on the available water head , and less so on the available flow rate .
Elaborate welding procedures may be used to achieve the highest quality repairs .
Large modern water turbines operate at mechanical efficiencies greater than 90 % -LRB- not to be confused with thermodynamic efficiency -RRB- .
Development occurred during the Industrial revolution , using scientific principles and methods .
Impulse turbines are most often used in very high -LRB- -RRB- 300m\/984 ft -RRB- head applications .
The water 's velocity , roughly twice the velocity of the bucket periphery , does a u-turn in the bucket and drops out of the runner at low velocity .
They also made extensive use of new materials and manufacturing methods developed at the time .
This is the modern form of the Pelton turbine which today achieves up to 92 % efficiency .
-LRB- Later , impulse turbines were developed which did n't use swirl -RRB- .
This was an efficient machine -LRB- ~ 80 % -RRB- that sent water through a runner with blades curved in one dimension .
Steel elements are repaired by welding , usually with stainless steel rods .
Old turbine runners may have a significant amount of stainless steel added this way by the end of their lifetime .
In this way , energy is transferred from the water flow to the turbine
He also conducted sophisticated tests and developed engineering methods for water turbine design .
This is called an impulse or tangential turbine .
Water wheels have been used for thousands of years for industrial power .
Kaplan turbines with adjustable blade pitch are well-adapted to wide ranges of flow or head conditions , since their peak efficiency can be achieved over a wide range of flow conditions .
Normal wear and tear includes pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
This additional component of motion allowed the turbine to be smaller than a water wheel of the same power .
It had a horizontal axis and was a precursor to modern water turbines .
A reaction turbine needs to fully contain the water during energy transfer .
In 1826 , Benoit Fourneyron developed an outward-flow turbine .
A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water .
Since the turbine is spinning , the force acts through a distance -LRB- work -RRB- and the diverted water flow is left with diminished energy .
The Francis turbine , named for him , is the first modern water turbine .
No pressure change occurs at the turbine blades , and the turbine does n't require a housing for operation .
In general , impulse turbines are used for high head sites , and reaction turbines are used for low head sites .
They can reverse flow and operate as a pump to fill a high reservoir during off-peak electrical hours , and then revert to a turbine for power generation during peak electrical demand .
In about 1895 , William Doble improved on Pelton 's half-cylindrical bucket form with an elliptical bucket that included a cut in it to allow the jet a cleaner bucket entry .
JÃ n Andrej Segner developed a reactive water turbine in the mid-18th century .
Around 1913 , Viktor Kaplan created the Kaplan turbine , a propeller-type machine .
Reaction turbines are acted on by water , which changes pressure as it moves through the turbine and gives up its energy .
They must be encased to contain the water pressure -LRB- or suction -RRB- , or they must be fully submerged in the water flow .
Very large Francis and Kaplan machines usually have vertical shafts because this makes best use of the available head , and makes installation of a generator more economical .
Inward flow water turbines have a better mechanical arrangement and all modern reaction water turbines are of this design .
The word turbine was introduced by the French engineer Claude Bourdin in the early 19th century and is derived from the Latin word for `` whirling '' or a `` vortex '' .
Their main shortcoming is size , which limits the flow rate and head that can be harnessed .
Some impulse turbines use multiple water jets per runner to increase specific speed and balance shaft thrust .
Around 1890 , the modern fluid bearing was invented , now universally used to support heavy water turbine spindles .
This type of turbine is usually a Deriaz or Francis in design .
All common water machines until the late 19th century -LRB- including water wheels -RRB- were basically reaction machines ; water pressure head acted on the machine and produced work .
Prior to hitting the turbine blades , the water 's pressure -LRB- potential energy -RRB- is converted to kinetic energy by a nozzle and focused on the turbine .
Historically there have also been negative consequences , mostly associated with the dams normally required for power production .
Maintenance of the runners and parts exposed to water include removal , inspection , and repair of worn parts .
Pelton wheels may be either vertical or horizontal shaft machines because the size of the machine is so much less than the available head .
The resulting change in momentum -LRB- impulse -RRB- causes a force on the turbine blades .
In 1866 , California millwright Samuel Knight invented a machine that took the impulse system to a new level .
Water pressure decreases to atmospheric , or in some cases subatmospheric , as the water passes through the turbine blades and loses energy .
Water turbines were developed in the 19th century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids .
They harness a clean and renewable energy source .
In other words , it is the maximum energy per unit volume that can be elastically stored .
Resilience is the property of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
An example of a biomaterial which has a high resilience is articular cartilage , the substance lining the ends of bones in articulating joints such as the knee and hip .
Modulus of resilience , , can be calculated using the following formula : , where is yield stress , is Young 's modulus , and is the strain at the yield stress .
It is represented by the area -LRB- integral -RRB- under the curve in the elastic region -LRB- the initial , linear portion -RRB- of the stress-strain curve ; this quantity is also known as the elastic potential energy of a material .
The treepies comprise four closely related genera -LRB- Dendrocitta , Crypsirina , Temnurus and as of recently also Platysmurus -RRB- of long-tailed passerine birds in the family Corvidae .
RegiÃ n AutÃ noma del AtlÃ ntico Norte -LRB- Spanish for `` Autonomous Region of the Northern Atlantic '' -RRB- , sometimes shortened to RAAN , is one of two autonomous regions in Nicaragua .
The capital is Puerto Cabezas .
The '' '' would normally be the name of the person , as it appears in Structurae ; if omitted , the name of the referencing Wikipedia page is used .
This template is for `` person '' entries only ; use for `` structure '' entries ; templates for other entry kinds -LRB- projects , companies , etc. -RRB- may be created at a later time , as the need arises .
Usage is as follows :
This is a proposed template for linking to biography entries in the Structurae database .
Note that the '' '' field includes the leading `` d '' in the `` Person-ID '' key .
All living Germanic languages belong either to the West Germanic or to the North Germanic branch .
The Germanic languages constitute a sub-branch of the Indo-European -LRB- IE -RRB- language family .
Murphy Brown is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from November 14 , 1988 to May 18 , 1998 , for a total of 247 episodes .
Niceville is located at .
Niederwil was a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Choi Soo-young -LRB- ; born February 10 , 1990 -RRB- , commonly known as Sooyoung , is a South Korean singer , actress , spokesmodel , TV presenter , and radio DJ .
In Britain , phrases such as `` polymath sportsman '' , `` sporting polymath '' , or simply `` polymath '' are occasionally used in a restricted sense to refer to athletes that have performed at a high level in several very different sports .
In 2009 the party agreed to an electoral alliance with the Conservative Party and the two parties fielded joint candidates for elections to the House of Commons and the European Parliament under the banner of '' Ulster Conservatives and Unionists â `` New Force -LRB- UCUNF -RRB- '' . Literature and the web site for the 2009 European Parliament election use `` Conservatives and Unionists '' as the short name .
Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality in the Frutigen-Niedersimmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
This would be the last relocation of an NHL team until 1993 .
Cashman was the last to play , losing in the Wales Conference Finals as a member of the Bruins .
Prior the start of the season , the Colorado Rockies moved to East Rutherford , New Jersey where they were renamed New Jersey Devils .
New York wins the series 4 â `` 0 .
The last remaining players from the Original Six era -LRB- prior to the Expansion Era -RRB- , -LRB- Carol Vadnais , Serge Savard and Wayne Cashman -RRB- all retired after this season .
The 1982 â `` 83 NHL season was the 66th season of the National Hockey League .
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers
The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders fell from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall and the high-powered , high offence , Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall .
The Oilers also tied the Boston Bruins ' 1970-71 record for most 100-point players in one season as Wayne Gretzky , Glenn Anderson , Jari Kurri , and Mark Messier all scored more than 100 points .
The Oilers set a new record , which they had just set the previous year , for most goals in a season with 424 and were led by Wayne Gretzky 's 196 points .
The New York Islanders won their fourth Stanley Cup in a row with their second consecutive finals sweep by beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to none .
They were also moved to the Patrick Division , forcing a reluctant Winnipeg Jets to leave the Norris Division and take Colorado 's place in the Smythe Division .
The Boston Bruins led the league in overall points with 110 .
No team in any major professional North American sport has won four consecutive championships since .
Hitler may also have been influenced by Martin Luther 's On the Jews and Their Lies .
Adolf Hitler -LRB- ; 20 April 1889 â `` 30 April 1945 -RRB- was an Austrian-born German politician and the leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party -LRB- , abbreviated NSDAP -RRB- , commonly known as the Nazi Party .
This surname was variously spelled Hiedler , HÃ 1\/4 ttler , Huettler and Hitler , and was probably regularized to Hitler by a clerk .
He was Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and served as head of state as FÃ 1\/4 hrer und Reichskanzler from 1934 to 1945 .
In Mein Kampf , Hitler refers to Martin Luther as a great warrior , a true statesman , and a great reformer , alongside Richard Wagner and Frederick the Great .
Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas , the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka .
Hyderabad Taluka -LRB- rural -RRB- is an administrative subdivision -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Nicolas Appert -LRB- 17 November 1749 ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne , Marne -- 1 June 1841 Massy -RRB- , was the French inventor of airtight food preservation .
As of the 2000 U.S. Census , the city population was 12,708 and is about sixteen miles away from Angleton .
The Dow Chemical Company is the major employer in Freeport , and the city is home to the company 's largest integrated site .
Freeport is a city in Brazoria County , Texas within the Houstonâ `` Sugar Landâ `` Baytown metropolitan area and is situated in Southeast Texas .
Hip Hop magazines have a large place in hip hop lifestyle and history , including the first ever published Hip Hop publication The Hip Hop Hit List , which also contained the very first rap music record chart ever . It was the first form of media to introduce hip hop as a culture .
Hip Hop magazines have a large place in hip hop lifestyle and history , including the first ever published Hip Hop publication The Hip Hop Hit List , which also contained the very first rap music record chart ever .
There have also been a number of hip hop films , movies which focused on hip hop as a subject .
Many individual cities have also produced their own local hip hop newsletters , while hip hop magazines with national distribution are found in a few other countries . The 21st century also ushered in the rise of online media , and hip hop fan sites now offer comprehensive hip hop coverage on a daily basis .
BrÃ xent - Ã nocq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
BiÃ ville-Qu Ã tiÃ ville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Giubiasco is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
PokÃ mon Emerald , a special edition version , was released two years later in each region . These three games -LRB- PokÃ mon Ruby , Sapphire , and Emerald -RRB- are part of the third generation of the PokÃ mon video game series , also known as the `` advanced generation '' .
Apart from battling , capturing PokÃ mon is the most essential element of PokÃ mon gameplay . During battle with a wild PokÃ mon -LRB- other trainers ' PokÃ mon can not be captured -RRB- , the player may use a PokÃ Ball on the wild PokÃ mon. .
PokÃ mon Box : Ruby and Sapphire , or simply PokÃ mon Box , is a spin-off PokÃ mon game for the Nintendo GameCube console , bundled with a Nintendo GameCube Game Boy Advance Cable and a Memory Card 59 .
PokÃ mon Ruby Version and Sapphire Version are the third installments of the PokÃ mon series of role-playing games , developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance .
Francisco Javier `` Javi '' GarcÃ a FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 8 February 1987 in Mula , Murcia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica in the Portuguese first division .
This category is for people who are publicly known as members or former members of the Church of Scientology .
Marinho Peres , real name MÃ rio Peres Ulibarri , -LRB- born March 19 , 1947 in Sorocaba -RRB- was a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player from Brazil .
A cricket ball is a hard , solid ball used to play cricket .
For men 's cricket , the ball must weigh between 5.5 and 5.75 ounces -LRB- 155.9 and 163.0 g -RRB- and measure between 8 13\/16 and 9 in -LRB- 224 and 229 mm -RRB- in circumference .
Old Street station is a central London National Rail and London Underground station located at the junction of Old Street and City Road just north of the City of London .
The station is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
It lies on the border between the boroughs of Islington and Hackney .
Dracula is an 1897 novel by Irish author Bram Stoker , featuring as its primary antagonist the vampire Count Dracula .
The purpose of his mission is to provide legal support to Dracula for a real estate transaction overseen by Harker 's employer , Peter Hawkins , of Exeter in England . At first enticed by Dracula 's gracious manner , Harker soon discovers that he has become a prisoner in the castle .
Bogy is a commune of the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Bogy is located 10 k from Annonay , and 50 k from Valence .
During the Second Boer War -LRB- 1899 -- 1902 -RRB- , the South African Republic was annexed as the Colony of the Transvaal , which existed until 1910 , when it became the Province of Transvaal in the Union of South Africa .
Following India 's independence in 1947 , a treaty signed between the Chogyal and the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru gave India suzerainty over Sikkim in exchange for it retaining its independence .
This continued until 1975 , when the Sikkimese monarchy was abolished in favor of a merger into India .
Suzerainty -LRB- or \/ Ë sjuË zÉ reÉ nti \/ -RRB- occurs where a region or people is a tributary to a more powerful entity which controls its foreign affairs while allowing the tributary vassal state some limited domestic autonomy .
A suzerain can also refer to a feudal lord , to whom vassals must pay tribute .
The Amindivi group of islands -LRB- Amini , Kadmat , Kiltan , Chetlat and Bitra -RRB- came under the rule of Tipu Sultan in 1787 .
The dominant entity in the suzerainty relationship , or the more powerful entity itself , is called a suzerain .
Located in the Arabian Sea , Lakshadweep is a Union Territory of India off the coast of the southwestern state of Kerala .
India no longer looks after the external , defense , communications , and foreign affairs of Bhutan .
The term suzerainty was originally used to describe the relationship between the Ottoman Empire and its surrounding regions .
However India provides substantial support to the Royal Bhutan Army and guarantees its support against external aggression .
It differs from sovereignty in that the tributary has some -LRB- often limited -RRB- self-rule .
After the First Boer War -LRB- 1880 -- 81 -RRB- , the South African Republic was granted its independence , albeit under British suzerainty .
Sikkim is now one of the states of India .
Gorbio is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Many species are critically endangered .
Poison dart frog -LRB- also dart-poison frog , poison frog or formerly poison arrow frog -RRB- is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae which are native to Central and South America .
Although all wild dendrobatids are at least somewhat toxic , levels of toxicity vary considerably from one species to the next and from one population to another .
Unlike most frogs , these species are active during the day and often have brightly-colored bodies .
In this system , the western edge of one plate , the Pacific Plate , is subducted beneath the smaller Mariana Plate that lies to the west .
The Mariana Trench is the deepest part of the world 's oceans , and the lowest elevation of the surface of the Earth 's crust .
The movement of these plates is also responsible for the formation of the Mariana Islands .
Because the Pacific plate is the largest of all the tectonic plates on Earth , crustal material at its western edge has had a long time since formation -LRB- up to 170 million years -RRB- to compact and become very dense ; hence its great height-difference relative to the higher-riding Mariana Plate , at the point where the Pacific Plate crust is subducted .
This deep area is the Mariana Trench proper .
On 1 June 2009 sonar mapping of the Challenger Deep by the Simrad EM120 sonar multibeam bathymetry system for deep water -LRB- 300 - 11,000 m -RRB- mapping aboard the RV Kilo Moana -LRB- mothership of the Nereus vehicle -RRB- , has indicated a spot with a depth of 10971 m. The sonar system uses phase and amplitude bottom detection , with an accuracy of better than 0.2 % of water depth across the entire swath -LRB- implying the depth figure is accurate to less than Â 11 metres -RRB- .
Meier was born in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada .
He founded MicroProse together with Bill Stealey in 1982 .
Meier eventually left MicroProse and in 1996 founded Firaxis Games along with veteran designer and gaming executive Jeff Briggs .
A Grackle is a gregarious , passerine bird native to North and South America .
Each of the 11 species of grackle belongs to the Icterid family .
The French are known for their jasmine syrup , most commonly made from an extract of jasmine flowers . In the United States , this French jasmine syrup is used to make jasmine scones and marshmallows .
A hi-hat , or hihat , is a type of cymbal and stand used as a typical part of a drum kit by percussionists in R&B , hip-hop , disco , jazz , rock and roll , house , reggae and other forms of contemporary popular music .
Bogyoke -LRB- General -RRB- Aung San ; 13 February 1915 -- 19 July 1947 -RRB- was a Burmese revolutionary , nationalist , and founder of the modern Burmese army , the Tatmadaw .
Aung San was the father of Nobel Peace laureate and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Silent Alarm Remixed is the remix album to Silent Alarm , the debut album by British indie rock band Bloc Party .
Jean-Pierre Cassel -LRB- October 27 , 1932 -- April 19 , 2007 -RRB- was a French actor . Cassel was born Jean-Pierre Crochon in Paris , the son of Louise-Marguerite -LRB- nÃ e FabrÃ gue -RRB- , an opera singer , and Georges Crochon , a doctor .
Drummond is a city in Fremont County , Idaho , United States .
Lestrem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The state 's capital is Lincoln and its largest city is Omaha .
Nebraska is a state located on the Great Plains of the Midwestern United States .
Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final of the Harry Potter novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
For his study of acetylcholine as agent in the chemical transmission of nerve impulses -LRB- neurotransmission -RRB- he shared the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Otto Loewi .
Sir Henry Hallett Dale , OM , GBE , PRS -LRB- 9 June 1875 -- 23 July 1968 -RRB- was an English pharmacologist .
Ken Fujita -LRB- born August 27 , 1979 in Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player last played for Japanese club Ventforet Kofu .
Beams generally carry vertical gravitational forces but can also be used to carry horizontal loads -LRB- i.e. , loads due to an earthquake or wind -RRB- .
Peter Bosz -LRB- born November 21 , 1963 in Apeldoorn , Gelderland -RRB- is a former football midfielder from the Netherlands currently serving as head coach of Dutch Eredivisie team Heracles Almelo .
This example uses an infobox width of 20.8 em with an image width of 230px :
Will Robson Emilio Andrade -LRB- born 15 December 1973 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Lagnieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The state shares its name with its capital and chief center of population , the city of Zacatecas , Zacatecas .
Zacatecas -LRB- or -RRB- is a state of Mexico , located in the northern region .
It has 9 cantons and 107 communes .
The arrondissement of Belley is an arrondissement of France , located in the Ain department , in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region .
He spent the next few seasons in the minor leagues before being released by the Astros in 1984 .
After his professional baseball career ended , Richard became involved in unsuccessful business deals and went through two divorces , which led to him being homeless and destitute in 1994 .
James Rodney Richard -LRB- born March 7 , 1950 -RRB- is a former right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played his entire career , from 1971 to 1980 , with the Houston Astros .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome , a kidney disorder also named after Fanconi .
The disease is named after the Swiss pediatrician who originally described this disorder , Guido Fanconi .
Antonio Cabrini -LRB- born 8 October 1957 -RRB- is an Italian football former player .
The Persian Gulf War -LRB- August 2 , 1990 â `` February 28 , 1991 -RRB- , commonly referred to as simply the Gulf War , was a war waged by a U.N.-authorized coalition force from thirty-four nations led by the United States , against Iraq .
The town has two football clubs - Biggleswade Town and Biggleswade United .
Each of the leukodystrophies is the result of a defect in the gene that controls the production or metabolism of one -LRB- and only one -RRB- of the component molecules of myelin .
Myelin , from which the white matter of the brain takes its color , is a complex substance made up of at least ten different chemicals .
Yuya Hashiuchi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tokushima Vortis .
The people call upon the god of love and marriage to bless the royal pair and bring peace .
Island of Crete , shortly after the Trojan War .
Cretan troops disembarking from Idomeneo 's ship are met by their wives , and all praise Neptune .
Arbace comes with news that the people , led by the High Priest of Neptune , are clamoring for Idomeneo .
Idomeneo is not lost at sea , but instead is saved by Neptune -LRB- god of the sea -RRB- and is washed up on a Cretan beach .
The High Priest tells the king of the destruction caused by Neptune 's monster , urging Idomeneo to reveal the name of the person whose sacrifice is demanded by the god .
Outside the temple , the king and High Priest join with Neptune 's priests in prayer that the god may be appeased .
Idomeneo presents Idamante and his bride as the new rulers .
Electra welcomes the idea of going to Argos with Idamante .
Idomeneo 's kind words to Ilia move her to declare that since she has lost everything , he will be her father and Crete her country .
Trojans and Cretans together welcome the return of peace , but Electra , daughter of the Greek King Agamemnon and jealous of Ilia , does not approve of Idamante 's clemency toward the enemy prisoners .
Electra , fearing that Ilia , a Trojan , soon will be Queen of Crete , feels the furies of Hades tormenting her .
The libretto was adapted by Giambattista Varesco from a French text by Antoine Danchet , which had been set to music by AndrÃ Campra as IdomÃ nÃ e in 1712 .
They are surprised by Electra and Idomeneo .
Arbace brings news that Idamante has killed the monster .
When he says he might as well die as suffer the torments of his rejected love , Ilia confesses her love .
Ilia asks for consolation from Electra , who is preoccupied with revenge .
At the king 's palace , Idomeneo seeks counsel from Arbace , who says another victim could be sacrificed if Idamante were sent into exile .
Idomeneo must yield the throne to Ilia and Idamante .
Arbace , the king 's confidant , brings news that Idomeneo has been lost at sea while returning to Crete from Troy .
Idomeneo , re di Creta ossia Ilia e Idamante -LRB- Italian for Idomeneo , King of Crete , or , Ilia and Idamante ; usually referred to simply as Idomeneo , K. 366 -RRB- is an Italian language opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Before the ship can sail , however , a storm breaks out , and a sea serpent appears .
He tells Ilia , who is rejecting his love , that it is not his fault that their fathers were enemies .
Idomeneo orders his son to escort Electra to her home , Argos .
When the king confesses that his own son is the victim , the populace is horrified .
Idamante approaches him , but because the two have not seen each other for a long time , recognition is difficult . When Idomeneo finally realizes the youth he must sacrifice for the sake of his vow is his own child , he orders Idamante never to seek him out again .
As Idomeneo fears new reprisals from Neptune , Idamante enters in sacrificial robes , saying he understands his father 's torment and is ready to die .
Idamante frees the Trojan prisoners in a gesture of good will .
Mozart and Varesco were commissioned in 1780 by Karl Theodor , Elector of Bavaria for a court carnival .
When Idamante asks his father why he sends him away , Idomeneo can only reply that the youth must leave .
In the royal garden , Ilia asks the breezes to carry her love to Idamante , who appears , explaining that he must go to fight the serpent .
Ilia , daughter of the defeated Trojan King Priam and taken to Crete , loves Prince Idamante , son of Idomeneo , but she hesitates to acknowledge her love .
As she leaves , Idomeneo realizes that sending Idamante into exile has cost Ilia her happiness as well as his own .
The equivalent North American term is caboose but a British brake van and a caboose are very different in appearance because the former usually has only four wheels while the latter usually has bogies .
Brake van and guard 's van are terms used mainly in the UK and Australia for a railway vehicle equipped with a hand brake which can be applied by the guard .
Hostiaz -LRB- formerly Hostias -RRB- is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Taijiro Kurita -LRB- born 3 March 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
See also : : Category :0 s deaths .
People born in the -LRB- -LRB- 0s -RRB- -RRB- .
She now serves as a Special Envoy on Climate Change for the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .
She served three terms as Prime Minister of Norway -LRB- 1981 , 1986-89 , 1990-96 -RRB- , and has served as the Director General of the World Health Organization .
Juvigny-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Bukit Timah is located near the center of the Singapore main island .
Today , these have been replaced with luxury bungalows , terraces and condominiums , making Bukit Timah Singapore 's premier residential district .
Some of the Japanese war dead were taken back to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine , while the remains of the British troops were interred at the British Commonwealth 's Kranji War Memorial in Singapore .
For example , the Copthorne Orchid Hotel in Dunearn Road is being redeveloped into condominiums for sale .
The hill was depicted on the map towards the northwest as two hills at the eastern source of the Kranji River .
Two war memorials dedicated to the Japanese war dead and , surprisingly , to the British and Empire troops who died defending Singapore , were built at the site .
The site of the Syonan Jinja lies in a gray area between the Nature Reserve and Singapore Armed Forces restricted area .
The hill was viewed then as an `` excellent sanatorium '' , as the air was `` cooler and fresher than the plain , producing an agreeable exhilaration of spirits '' .
The Wayang Satu and Bukit Timah village parts are differently called .
Several historians have been to the site , and an episode from then Television Corporation of Singapore -LRB- TCS -RRB- history documentary program , `` Hey Singapore '' , was based on Syonan Jinja .
The area of Bukit Timah has an extensive flora and forest compared to the parts of Singapore , and contains Bukit Timah Nature Reserve , which is partially responsible for its high land value .
This region was later extended and Upper Bukit Timah -LRB- District 21 -RRB- was formed .
During the Japanese Occupation , Japanese troops built Syonan Jinja , a Shinto shrine -LRB- Syonan-to was the Occupation name for Singapore -RRB- , similar to the Yasukuni Shrine in Japan but of a smaller size , at Bukit Timah .
Shortly before the Japanese surrender , Japanese forces hastily destroyed Syonan Jinja , on fears that returning British forces would demolish it in an unhonourable manner .
During World War II , when the British lost Bukit Timah to the Japanese on 11 February 1942 , they knew they had little chance of continuing the defense of the island as most of their food and supplies were stored there .
The Bukit Timah area is a particularly prominent location with a high land value . The area of Bukit Timah has an extensive flora and forest compared to the parts of Singapore , and contains Bukit Timah Nature Reserve , which is partially responsible for its high land value .
Nothing of the Syonan Jinjashrine remains , except for the holy cleansing pond and several Japanese stone pavements left at the site .
This only refers to the lower end of the Bukit Timah Road .
In 1860 , nearly 200 people were reported to have been killed by tigers in and about the gambier and pepper plantations .
The first ride on horseback across the island was along Bukit Timah Road in 1840 ; it took four days and was made by Mr Thomson and Dr Little .
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
After the Japanese Occupation , the farms and plantations in Bukit Timah gave way to industrial buildings and high-rise flats .
The Bukit Timah Race Course , a Thoroughbred horse racing facility , was opened in 1933 and operated until 1999 .
Apparently , the area was so infested with tigers that it constituted a serious threat to human life .
Bukit Timah , which literally means `` tin hill '' in Malay , was already identified on the 1828 map by Frankin and Jackson as Bukit Timah .
Students , Japanese commanders and British POWs ' representatives would gather there regularly to commemorate the dead during the Occupation .
Many expatriates and well heeled Singaporeans tend to stay in this region .
Bukit Timah is a hill in Singapore which stands at an altitude of 163.63 metres -LRB- 537 ft. -RRB- and is the highest point in the city-state of Singapore .
The nature reserve was established in 1883 .
The Hokkiens also refer to Bukit Timah as be chia lo bue , meaning `` end of the horse carriage road '' .
The road to Kranji was completed in 1845 .
No plans have been indicated to restore the site .
The surrounding area is an urban planning area known as Bukit Timah Planning Area under the Urban Redevelopment Authority and is part of the Central Region , and lies 10 kilometres -LRB- 6 miles -RRB- from the city 's central business district , the Central Area .
This course is closed to the public , unlike the former course -LRB- now Farrer Park -RRB- where the general public enjoyed watching the king 's sport for free .
The Keretapi Tanah Melayu from Malaysia has a passing loop station here along its rail network from Johor Bahru to Tanjong Pagar .
The 25-km long Bukit Timah Road , the longest road in Singapore , running north and south , takes its name from this hill .
In December 1843 , a carriage way road was completed leading up to the hill .
The nearby area houses many bungalows , traditionally expensive in land-scarce Singapore , as well as high rise condominiums .
For some , it is synonymous with the Singapore Turf Club , where members and paying visitors flock on race days .
Bukit Timah Road is known as tek kha kang a kinn in Hokkien , which means `` the side of the stream in the tek kha -LRB- or Selegie Road -RRB- district '' .
Since then , the Singapore Government has designated the place as a `` Historical Site '' .
The Bukit Timah area is a particularly prominent location with a high land value .
In the 1960s and 1970s , Bukit Timah was a major industrial center .
On 15 February 1942 , the head of the Allied forces , Lieutenant General A.E. Percival surrendered to Lieutenant General Tomoyuki Yamashita at the Ford Factory in Bukit Timah .
Please do not add unreferenced or poorly referenced information , especially if controversial , to articles or any other page on Wikipedia about living persons .
Atomu Tanaka -LRB- born October 4 , 1987 in Niigata , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Saint-Andr Ã - et-Appelles is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Tommaso Rocchi -LRB- born 19 September 1977 in Venice -RRB- is an Italian footballer who is the current captain of Serie A club Lazio .
Sparta is a town in Alleghany County , North Carolina , United States .
The population was 1,817 at the 2000 census .
It is the county seat of Alleghany County .
Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
As with the rest of U.S. Freemasonry , Prince Hall Freemasonry soon grew and organised on a Grand Lodge system for each state .
The lodges were then disbanded .
Thus , separated from both UGLE and any concordantly recognized U.S. Grand Lodge , African Lodge re-titled itself as the African Lodge , Number 1 â `` and became a de facto `` Grand Lodge '' -LRB- this Lodge is not to be confused with the various Grand Lodges on the Continent of Africa -RRB- .
However , countries such as Turkey and Morocco have established Grand Lodges , while in countries such as Malaysia and Lebanon there are District Grand Lodges operating under a warrant from an established Grand Lodge .
The fraternity is administratively organised into independent Grand Lodges or sometimes Orients , each of which governs its own jurisdiction , which consists of subordinate -LRB- or constituent -RRB- Lodges . The various Grand Lodges recognize each other , or not , based upon adherence to landmarks -LRB- a Grand Lodge will usually deem other Grand Lodges who share common landmarks to be regular , and those that do not to be `` irregular '' or `` clandestine '' -RRB- .
It was also their biggest pop hit , peaking at number 28 on the Billboard Hot 100 on February 24 , 1996 and the Hot 100 Airplay on January 27 , 1996 .
`` Glycerine '' also reached number one for two weeks in December .
`` Glycerine '' is the fourth single from British grunge\/alternative rock band Bush 's debut album Sixteen Stone .
The song is notable for not featuring any drums , but instead features cellos -LRB- which were commonly used in British rock and pop music when the song was released -RRB- .
Greta Lovisa Gustafsson -LRB- 18 September 1905 -- 15 April 1990 -RRB- , better known as Greta Garbo , was a noted Swedish actress and recluse .
Desolation of Eden was released on February 16 , 2010 and reached number 21 on The Billboard Top Heatseekers Chart selling 1,500 copies its first week .
Chelsea Grin is an American deathcore band from Salt Lake City , Utah , formed in 2007 .
The Intolerable Acts or the Coercive Acts are names used to describe a series of laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774 relating to Britain 's colonies in North America .
Cataplexy is sometimes confused with epilepsy , in which a series of flashes or other stimuli can cause superficially similar seizures .
When cataplexy happens often , or cataplexy attacks make patients fall or drop things , it can have serious effects on normal activities .
There is an overlapping neighboring region , called the North Central India Cultural Zone , including the states of Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Rajasthan , Haryana , Bihar , Jharkhand , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand and Delhi , that is also defined by the Indian Government . The states of Bihar and Jharkhand are also included in the East India Cultural Zone .
First attested in English 1382 , the word allegory comes from Latin allegoria , the latinisation of the Greek á 1\/4 Î '' Î '' Î Î Î Ï Î Î -LRB- allegoria -RRB- , `` veiled language , figurative '' , from á 1\/4 Î '' Î '' Î Ï -LRB- allos -RRB- , `` another , different '' + á 1\/4 Î Î Ï Î Ï Ï -LRB- agoreuo -RRB- , `` to harangue , to speak in the assembly '' and that from á 1\/4 Î Î Ï Î -LRB- agora -RRB- , `` assembly '' .
Allegory is generally treated as a figure of rhetoric , but an allegory does not have to be expressed in language : it may be addressed to the eye , and is often found in realistic painting , sculpture or some other form of mimetic , or representative art .
It was named in August 2003 after a fictional shaman in the book The Curse of the Shaman , written by Michael Kusugak , who supplied Kavelaars with the names of giants from Inuit mythology that were used for other Saturnian moons .
It was discovered by Brett J. Gladman , John J. Kavelaars , Jean-Marc Petit , Hans Scholl , Matthew J. Holman , Brian G. Marsden , Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns in early October 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 2 .
Paaliaq is thought to be about 22 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15.2 Gm in 687 days .
Together with Kiviuq and Siarnaq , Paaliaq displays light-red colors and similar infrared spectrum , further supporting the thesis of a possible common origin of the Inuit group in the break-up of a larger body .
Later , this successively became Ke Vinh , Vinh Giang , Vinh Doanh , and then Vinh Thi . Eventually , in 1789 , the official name became simply Vinh , probably under European influence .
The first release from the album was `` Vegas '' on limited edition vinyl and the first charted single released from the album was `` Acceptable in the 80s '' , a tribute to the style and culture of the decade .
Harris ' first album I Created Disco was released on 29 June 2007 .
He had caught Minogue 's attention after his recordings had been passed on to her by another record producer .
The album contained uptempo electroclash songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s .
Harris says that working with Kylie was `` surreal , but fun '' although he admitted to Mixmag in 2007 to `` needing a few drinks before meeting her . ''
In 2007 Harris recorded with Kylie Minogue .
To promote I Created Disco , Harris embarked on a tour of the UK , supporting Faithless and Groove Armada .
Harris co-wrote and produced two songs on Kylies ' X album ; ` In My Arms ' and ` Heart Beat Rock ' .
Harris signed contracts with EMI -LRB- publishing -RRB- and Sony BMG -LRB- recording -RRB- in 2006 , after his music had been discovered on the social networking website MySpace .
The fourth release from the album was `` Merrymaking at My Place '' which reached number 43 in the UK chart .
The song reached the top ten on the UK Singles Chart , remaining on the chart for fifteen weeks .
This category includes all article dealing with the universe around the Donkey Kong character .
The Tollense is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in northeastern Germany , right tributary of the Peene .
The Tollense is 68 km long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin .
Hundreds of bone fragments belonging to more than 90 persons , as well as wooden weaponry and flintstone arrowheads have been discovered .
Many showed signs of serious injury and violent death .
The findings were possible due to the preservation of the former swamp ground and the fact that the Tollense has never really changed its flow .
The river starts as the outflow of the lake Tollensesee in Neubrandenburg .
It is now estimated that about 200 people died in a battle-like scenario in that valley about 1250 BC .
Plans for a further investigation of the grounds are made for the years 2010 to 2015 .
Only since 2008 research has begun to become more specific in an area of two square kilometers .
Since the population then was about 5 people per square kilometer , this would 've been the most significant battle in bronze period Germany yet to be discovered .
Nagri Tutial has an average elevation of 1243 metres -LRB- 4081 feet -RRB- .
Nagri Tutial is situated in the south east of the district and forms part of Abbottabad district 's frontier with the Punjab -LRB- Nagri Tutial 's eastern border is with Punjab 's Rawalpindi Tehsil -RRB- .
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib , a Minister in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa from 1932 to 1942 , was born in Nagri Totial .
Nagri Tutial or the town of the Tutials is named after Abassi chief Toota Khan -LRB- a son of Doomat Khan -RRB- .
He helped with getting an electricity supply to the village .
Nagri Tutial -LRB- also known as Nagri Totial -RRB- is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Khan 's brother , Raja Sardar Khan Sahib , was a member of parliament from 1947 to 1952 .
Nagri Tutial shares a border with the following Union Councils within Abbottabad District - to the North and east by Seer Gharbi , to the west by Nara , and to the south by Lora .
His nephew , Sardar Anyat-u-Rehman Khan Abbasi was also a member of parliament .
He also had a part in getting the Upper Dewalâ '' Kohala Road and the Ghora Galiâ '' Lora Road begun in 1964 , and finished in 1968 .
His nephew started many primary , middle and high schools in the area .
Easton is a village on the Isle of Wight .
It is located close to Totland in the west of the island .
Wokingham was a borough before the 1974 reorganisation of local government , when it merged with Wokingham Rural District to form the new Wokingham District .
Wokingham is a market town and civil parish in Berkshire in South East England about 33 m west of central London .
It spans an area of 557 a and , according to the 2001 census , has a population of 30,403 .
Ocoee is located at .
Daisuke Takahashi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Cerezo Osaka in the J. League .
Keisuke Iwashita -LRB- å ä æ è 1\/4 '' Iwashita Keisuke , born 24 September 1986 in Kagoshima Prefecture , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football defender who plays for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
Chaourse is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
1997 -LRB- MCMXCVII -RRB- was a common year that started on a Wednesday .
Dennis Keith Rodman -LRB- born May 13 , 1961 -RRB- is a retired American professional basketball player of the National Basketball Association 's -LRB- NBA -RRB- Detroit Pistons , San Antonio Spurs , Chicago Bulls , Los Angeles Lakers and Dallas Mavericks .
Boubers-l Ã s-Hesmond is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Dallas Page -LRB- born Page Joseph Falkinburg , Jr. ; April 5 , 1956 -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Diamond '' Dallas Page -LRB- DDP -RRB- , is an actor and retired American professional wrestler . In the course of his wrestling career , which spanned two decades , Page has wrestled for World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- and Juggalo Championship Wrestling -LRB- JCW -RRB- .
On December 18 , 2010 , Gortat was traded to the Phoenix Suns along with Vince Carter , Mickael Pietrus , a 2011 first-round draft pick , and $ 3 million , for former Magic player Hedo TÃ 1\/4 rkoÄ lu , Jason Richardson , and Earl Clark .
Marcin Gortat , pronounced `` MAHR-cheen GOR-taht '' -LRB- born February 17 , 1984 in Å Ã dÅ -RRB- , also known as the Polish Hammer , is a Polish professional basketball player in the NBA for the Phoenix Suns .
Saint Valentine 's Day , commonly shortened to Valentine 's Day , is an annual commemoration held on February 14 celebrating love and affection between intimate companions .
Fantasy is a genre of art , literature , film , television , and music that uses magic and other supernatural forms as a primary element of either plot , theme , or setting .
The elections in 2004 brought the CDU twelve seats , the other four went to the free voters ' association FWG Aach e. V. In the same elections Mayor Josef Krein -LRB- CDU -RRB- was voted into office with nearly 74 % of the votes .
Aach is a municipality in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Aach has a council with sixteen seats .
It is situated in the southern Eifel mountains .
Aach lies about 6 km north of the center of Trier .
It is part of Trier-Land , a Verbandsgemeinde .
MonciÃ n is one of the three municipality -LRB- municipio -RRB- of the Santiago RodrÃ guez province in the Dominican Republic .
The core of that work is to measure , interpret , and describe the world and human activity patterns within it .
The field shares much common history with positivist social science , but often with a greater emphasis on advanced mathematical methods .
Typical work might involve developing a model and sampling plans , analyzing survey results , or contributing to agricultural or econometric forecasts .
Statistics was employed in ancient Egypt in censuses of population and cattle .
A statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics .
Many professional statisticians have a PhD .
They often are employed to support managerial decisions or to supervise quality control in manufacturing .
Of these people , approximately 30 percent worked for governments -LRB- federal , state , or local -RRB- .
The profession exists in both the private and public sectors .
The applications are varied .
Civilizations have used the work of statisticians for thousands of years .
According to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics , as of 2008 , there were 22,600 jobs classified as statistician in the United States .
Statisticians apply their knowledge to production , research , finance , medicine , the built and natural environments , insurance and government .
Additionally , there are substantial numbers of persons who use statistics in their work but have job titles other than statistician .
It is common to combine statistical knowledge with expertise in other subjects .
The job of statistician is considered a profession .
Most employment as a statistician requires a minimum of a masters degree in statistics or a related field .
Most statisticians work in offices and have regular working hours and can therefore be considered white-collar workers .
A minority of statisticians are self-employed statistical consultants .
2036 -LRB- MMXXXVI -RRB- will be a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar .
He was General Plenipotentiary for Labor Deployment from 1942 until the end of the war , after which he was tried and executed .
Ernst Friedrich Christoph `` Fritz '' Sauckel -LRB- 27 October 1894 â `` 16 October 1946 -RRB- was a Nazi war criminal , who organized the systematic enslavement of millions from lands occupied by Nazi Germany .
The Stokers moved to London , where Stoker became acting-manager and then business manager of Irving 's Lyceum Theatre , London , a post he held for 27 years .
Abraham `` Bram '' Stoker -LRB- November 8 , 1847 â `` April 20 , 1912 -RRB- was an Irish novelist and short story writer , best known today for his 1897 Gothic novel Dracula .
Her chief legal complaint was that she had been neither asked for permission for the adaptation nor paid any royalty .
Before writing Dracula , Stoker spent several years researching European folklore and mythological stories of vampires .
Nosferatu was produced while Florence Stoker , Bram Stoker 's widow and literary executrix , was still alive .
Represented by the attorneys of the British Incorporated Society of Authors , she eventually sued the filmmakers .
The suit was finally resolved in the widow 's favor in July 1925 .
On 31 December 1879 , Bram and Florence 's only child was born , a son whom they christened Irving Noel Thornley Stoker .
It was directed by Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau and starred Max Schreck as Count Orlock .
Dracula is an epistolary novel , written as a collection of realistic , but completely fictional , diary entries , telegrams , letters , ship 's logs , and newspaper clippings , all of which added a level of detailed realism to his story , a skill he developed as a newspaper writer .
The case dragged on for some years , with Mrs. Stoker demanding the destruction of the negative and all prints of the film .
The collaboration with Irving was important for Stoker and through him he became involved in London 's high society , where he met James Abbott McNeill Whistler and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle -LRB- to whom he was distantly related -RRB- .
Bazenville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Clayton is a city in Clayton County , Iowa , United States .
MÃ 1\/4 lligen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Spanish Wikipedia is a Spanish-language edition of Wikipedia , a free , online encyclopedia .
These , together with Li Guang 's political naivety , denied him of any chance of promotion to a marquisate , his lifelong dream . Emperor Wu even secretly ordered Wei Qing not to assign Li Guang to important missions -LRB- such as the vanguard position -RRB- , on the grounds of Li Guang 's famed `` terrible fortune '' .
`` Is Anybody Home ? ''
is a song by Canadian Alternative rock band Our Lady Peace , and was the second single released from their third album , Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch .
Valcolla is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The leitmotifs are all introduced in the overture , which begins with a well-known ocean or storm motif before moving into the Dutchman and Senta motifs .
Der fliegende HollÃ nder -LRB- The Flying Dutchman -RRB- is an opera , with music and libretto by Richard Wagner .
Wagner originally wrote Der fliegende HollÃ nder to be performed without intermission -- an example of his efforts to break with tradition -- and , while today 's opera houses sometimes still follow this directive , it is also performed in a three act version .
Wagner conducted the premiere at the Semper Oper in Dresden , 1843 .
In Der fliegende HollÃ nder Wagner uses a number of leitmotifs -LRB- literally , `` leading motifs '' -RRB- associated with the characters and themes .
The Armenian Catholic Church -LRB- Hay Katâ oÄ ikÄ `` EkeÄ ecâ i -RRB- is an Eastern Catholic Church sui juris in union with the other Eastern Rite , Oriental Rite and Latin Rite Catholics who accept the Bishop of Rome as spiritual leader of the Church .
Nepal is a country in southern Asia .
The 2009 â `` 10 Nashville Predators season is the Nashville Predators ' eleventh season in the National Hockey League .
In October 2009 , he became China 's 30th Grandmaster .
Ding Liren -LRB- Chinese : ä ç `` ä -RRB- is the reigning Chess Champion of China .
On 6 June 2009 , at the age of 16 , he became the youngest ever person to win the national title .
Thus , if an invitee is invited to do business in a store and is injured snooping around in the private storage area , he does not have invitee status in that area .
Scott Paul Carson -LRB- born 3 September 1985 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for West Bromwich Albion as a goalkeeper .
He was the first player from CÃ te d'Ivoire to play for FC Barcelona .
GnÃ gnÃ ri Yaya TourÃ -LRB- born 13 May 1983 in Sekoura BouakÃ -RRB- , commonly known as Yaya TourÃ , is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays for Manchester City .
Natalie Jane Imbruglia -LRB- ; born 4 February 1975 -RRB- is an Australian singer-songwriter , model and actress .
Caraula is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,560 people . It has the following constituent villages : Caraula .
Atqasuk is a city in North Slope Borough , Alaska , United States .
Flagler Beach is located at .
Thompson started his National Hockey League career with the New York Rangers in 1926 .
Paul Thompson was the younger brother of Hockey Hall of Fame goaltender Tiny Thompson .
He would also play for the Chicago Black Hawks and retire after the 1939 season .
Paul Ivan Thompson -LRB- November 2 , 1906 â `` September 13 , 1991 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey forward who played 13 season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
850 BC -RRB- was king of Israel and the son of Ahab and Jezebel .
Ahaziah or Ochozias -LRB- -- -- '' '' -RRB- -LRB- Israel , ca .
This entry is not about King Ahaziah of Judah .
The company is located in Oberndorf in the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , but also has subsidiaries in the United Kingdom , France and the United States .
The company motto is `` Keine Kompromisse ! ''
-LRB- No Compromise ! -RRB- .
Epicureanism is a system of philosophy based upon the teachings of Epicurus , founded around 307 BC .
Epicureanism was originally a challenge to Platonism , though later it became the main opponent of Stoicism .
Epicurus was an atomic materialist , following in the steps of Democritus .
He lauded the enjoyment of simple pleasures , by which he meant abstaining from bodily desires , such as sex and appetites , verging on asceticism .
Epicurus and his followers shunned politics .
After the death of Epicurus , his school was headed by Hermarchus ; later many Epicurean societies flourished in the Late Hellenistic era and during the Roman era -LRB- such as those in Antiochia , Alexandria , Rhodes , and Ercolano -RRB- .
Some scholars consider the epic poem On the Nature of Things by Lucretius to present in one unified work the core arguments and theories of Epicureanism .
Although Epicureanism is a form of hedonism , insofar as it declares pleasure as the sole intrinsic good , its conception of absence of pain as the greatest pleasure and its advocacy of a simple life make it different from `` hedonism '' as it is commonly understood .
He argued that when eating , one should not eat too richly , for it could lead to dissatisfaction later , such as the grim realization that one could not afford such delicacies in the future .
Some writings by Epicurus have survived .
Likewise , sex could lead to increased lust and dissatisfaction with the sexual partner .
In the Epicurean view , the highest pleasure -LRB- tranquility and freedom from fear -RRB- was obtained by knowledge , friendship , and living a virtuous and temperate life .
Epicurus did not articulate a broad system of social morality that has survived .
The poet Lucretius is its most well-known Roman proponent .
By the end of the Roman Empire , having undergone Christian attack and repression , Epicureanism had all but died out , and would be resurrected in the 17th century by the atomist Pierre Gassendi , who adapted it to the Christian doctrine .
At least some are thought to have belonged to the Epicurean Philodemus .
Many of the papyrus scrolls unearthed at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum are Epicurean texts .
Eruptions at the volcano since 1927 have built a new island in the same location , named Anak Krakatau -LRB- which is Indonesian for `` Child of Krakatoa '' -RRB- .
The plasma window -LRB- not to be confused with a plasma shield -RRB- is a technology that fills a volume of space with plasma confined by a magnetic field .
A related technology is the plasma valve , invented shortly after the plasma window .
The Plasma Window was invented at Brookhaven National Laboratory by Ady Hershcovitch and patented in 1995 .
A plasma valve is a layer of gas in the shell of a particle accelerator .
At the same time , the plasma window will allow radiation such as lasers and electron beams to pass .
With current technology , this volume is quite small and the plasma is generated as a flat plane inside a cylindrical space .
In 1415 , the Aargau was conquered and thereafter Bellikon belonged to the village of Rohrdorf in the County of Baden . In 1798 , Bellikon became part of the Canton of Baden in the Helvetic Republic .
The station is located by the north quay of the Royal Albert Dock -LRB- though no foot access is possible -RRB- .
Beckton Park DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in the Docklands area of east London .
The station is opposite Beckton District South Park , which is open space leading to housing in South Beckton .
Leutwil is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
He is the former lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he performed and recorded from 1985 to 1996 .
Saul Hudson -LRB- born July 23 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British American musician and songwriter .
In August 2009 , he was honored by Time Magazine by being named # 2 on its list of the 10 Best Electric Guitar Players of All-Time .
He later formed Slash 's Snakepit and co-founded Velvet Revolver with his former bandmates Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum , and his debut solo album , Slash , was released in April 2010 .
Thomas Hobbes of Malmesbury -LRB- 5 April 1588 â `` 4 December 1679 -RRB- , in some older texts Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury , was an English philosopher , best known today for his work on political philosophy .
His 1651 book Leviathan established the foundation for most of Western political philosophy from the perspective of social contract theory .
It is a widely used status , applied to around half a million buildings .
A listed building in the United Kingdom is a building that has been placed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest .
AdÃ cents ncata is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
CuÃ bris is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Bacteria having a centrally placed endospore include Bacillus cereus , and those having a subterminal endospore include Bacillus subtilis . Sometimes the endospore can be so large the cell can be distended around the endospore , this is typical of Clostridium tetani .
Most types of bacteria can not change to the endospore form , but examples include Bacillus and Clostridium .
Ardchyle is a village in Stirling , Scotland .
Priory Green is a hamlet in the Babergh District of the English County of Suffolk . It is in the civil parish of Edwardstone .
Priory Green contains four Grade 2 listed buildings , the Barn to the North of Lynn 's Hall , , Lynn 's Hall , Priory Cottage , and Priory Green Cottage . .
Black shales which form in anoxic conditions contain reduced free carbon along with ferrous iron -LRB- Fe2 + -RRB- and sulfur -LRB- S2 - -RRB- .
Mudstones , on the other hand , are similar in composition but do not show the fissility .
The ratio of clay to other minerals is variable .
Shales and mudrocks contain roughly 95 percent of the organic matter in all sedimentary rocks .
Shale is characterized by breaks along thin laminae or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness , called fissility .
Shale is a fine-grained , clastic sedimentary rock composed of mud that is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments -LRB- silt-sized particles -RRB- of other minerals , especially quartz and calcite .
However , this amounts to less than one percent by mass in an average shale .
The Primitive Methodist Church is a body of evangelical Christians within the Methodist denomination , which began in England in the early 19th century , with the influence of American evangelist Lorenzo Dow -LRB- 1777 â `` 1834 -RRB- .
In 2007 Fiat launched a similar styled , longer and heavier front wheel drive car , the Fiat Nuova 500 .
The car was designed by Dante Giacosa .
The Fiat 500 is a car produced by the Fiat company of Italy between 1957 and 1975 , with limited production of the Fiat 500 K estate continuing until 1977 .
Camps-en-Ami Ã nois is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Bowdon is known as `` The Friendly City . ''
Bowdon is a city in Carroll County , Georgia , United States .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 1,959 .
AES -LRB- Rijndael -RRB- uses a key schedule to expand a short key into a number of separate round keys .
This is known as the Rijndael key schedule .
Joysticks are also used for controlling machines such as cranes , trucks , underwater unmanned vehicles , wheelchairs , surveillance cameras and zero turning radius lawn mowers .
Joysticks are often used to control video games , and usually have one or more push-buttons whose state can also be read by the computer .
Miniature finger-operated joysticks have been adopted as input devices for smaller electronic equipment such as mobile phones .
The joystick has been the principal flight control in the cockpit of many aircraft , particularly military fast jets , either as a center stick or side-stick .
A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling .
A popular variation of the joystick used on modern video game consoles is the analog stick .
Linter is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Beardstown is located on the Illinois River .
Taylor has had several lead roles in television , from the early 1960s to the early first decade of the 21st century .
Rodney Sturt `` Rod '' Taylor -LRB- born 11 January 1930 -RRB- is an Australian actor of film and television .
Among his TV shows are :
Alessandro Birindelli -LRB- born 12 November 1974 -RRB- is an Italian former footballer .
As a result , Ehud Olmert , the Deputy Prime Minister , was officially confirmed as the Acting Prime Minister of Israel . Olmert and the Cabinet announced that the elections would take place on 28 March as scheduled .
Accidents of particularly common types -LRB- auto , fire , etc. -RRB- are investigated to identify how to avoid them in the future .
He was son of Malcolm III -LRB- MÃ el Coluim mac Donnchada -RRB- and his first wife Ingibiorg Finnsdottir , widow of Thorfinn Sigurdsson .
Donnchad mac MaÃ l Coluim -LRB- Modern Gaelic : Donnchadh mac Mhaoil Chaluim ; anglicised as Duncan II ; before c. 1060 -- 12 November 1094 -RRB- was king of Scots .
Monchel-sur-Canche is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Girons-d ` Aiguevives is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh -LRB- RSS -RRB- , -LRB- National Volunteer Organization or National Patriotism Organization -RRB- , also known the Sangh , is a right-wing Hindu nationalist , paramilitary , volunteer , and allegedly militant organization in India .
The Guinea national football team , nicknamed Syli national -LRB- `` National Elephant '' -RRB- , is the national team of Guinea and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration GuinÃ enne de Football .
Acorns vary from 1 â `` 6 cm long and 0.8 â `` 4 cm broad .
Large mammals , such as pigs , bears , and deer , also consume large amounts of acorns ; they may constitute up to 25 % of the diet of deer in the autumn .
Acorns are one of the most important wildlife foods in areas where oaks occur .
It usually contains a single seed -LRB- rarely two seeds -RRB- , enclosed in a tough , leathery shell , and borne in a cup-shaped cupule .
Acorns take between about 6 and 24 months -LRB- depending on the species -RRB- to mature ; see List of Quercus species for details of oak classification , in which acorn morphology and phenology are important factors .
In Spain and Portugal , pigs are still turned loose in dehesas -LRB- large oak groves -RRB- in the autumn , to fill and fatten themselves on acorns .
However , acorns are toxic to some other animals , such as horses .
Wildlife which eat acorns as an important part of their diets include birds , such as jays , pigeons , some ducks , and several species of woodpeckers .
Small mammals that feed on acorns include mice , squirrels and several other rodents .
The reforms were largely carried out by Saint Odo -LRB- c. 878 â `` 942 -RRB- and spread throughout France -LRB- Burgundy , Provence , Auvergne , Poitou -RRB- , into England , and through much of Italy and Spain .
William of Aquitaine formed the first Cluny monastery in 910 with the novel stipulation that the monastery would report directly to the pope rather than to a local lord .
The movement is named for the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy , where it started within the Benedictine order .
This meant the monastery would be essentially independent , since the pope 's authority was largely theoretical at any significant distance .
Deliberative democracy incorporates elements of both direct democracy and representative democracy .
Gary Lewis -LRB- born Gary Harold Lee Levitch , July 31 , 1946 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- is an American musician who was the eponymous leader of Gary Lewis & the Playboys .
Colomieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Morris `` Mo '' C. Lewis -LRB- born October 21 , 1969 in Atlanta , Georgia -RRB- is a former American football player who played linebacker for the New York Jets from 1991 until 2003 .
Houston Intercontinental Airport , as it was originally known , opened in June 1969 .
George Bush Intercontinental Airport , is a Class B international airport in Houston -LRB- Texas , USA -RRB- , serving the Houstonâ `` Sugar Landâ `` Baytown metropolitan area .
Contributions to films started in the 90s but only since 2002 has there been a trend towards the medium .
She was married to fellow composer Hajime Mizoguchi , with whom she collaborated on the soundtracks for Please Save My Earth and The Vision of Escaflowne .
Apart from anime and games , Kanno also composes for live-action films and television commercials .
Grand Funk Inc. is her recording studio of choice in producing for these two media .
She has attended Otakon and Anime Expo in 1999 , as well as Anime Expo New York in 2002 .
Most of the latter were shown in international film festivals .
Gabriela Robin is a pseudonym that Kanno occasionally uses when she performs vocals . For a long time , the fact that Robin and Kanno were the same person was an unproven rumor .
Some of Yoko Kanno 's most famous soundtrack themes include `` Kiseki no Umi '' -LRB- Lodoss War -RRB- , `` Voices '' -LRB- Macross Plus -RRB- , `` Tank ! ''
Due to her close involvement in the Cowboy Bebop anime , the game released by Bandai also features her work .
-LRB- Cowboy Bebop -RRB- , `` Yakusoku wa Iranai '' -LRB- Escaflowne -RRB- , `` Gravity '' -LRB- Wolf 's Rain -RRB- , `` Inner Universe '' -LRB- Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex -RRB- and Stand Alone Complex O.S.T. .
She has composed for many Koei games released during the late 1980s to early 1990s and for Napple Tale , a Dreamcast game .
The London Stock Exchange is a stock exchange located in the City of London , London , United Kingdom .
Lisp uses a variant of lambda notation for defining functions , but only its purely functional subset -LRB- `` Pure Lisp '' -RRB- is really equivalent to lambda calculus . Anonymous functions are sometimes called lambda expressions in programming languages .
The portion of lambda calculus relevant to computation is now called the untyped lambda calculus .
In mathematical logic and computer science , lambda calculus , also written as Î '' - calculus , is a formal system for function definition , function application and recursion .
In 1952 , the Eastern Region of British Rail introduced its own series for departmental -LRB- non-revenue earning -RRB- vehicles , including locomotives .
Numbers were allocated from 1 to 1000 , with blocks of 100 numbers allocated to specific types of vehicle .
Pauillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Tincques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Cagnes-sur-Mer is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
A Minister of Foreign Affairs , or foreign minister , is a cabinet minister who helps form the foreign policy of a sovereign state .
Along with their political roles , foreign ministers are also traditionally responsible for many diplomatic duties , such as hosting foreign world leaders and going on state visits to other countries .
Before 1968 , the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs only handled relations with foreign -LRB- non-Commonwealth -RRB- countries , while relations with Commonwealth countries and colonies were handled by the Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs .
In the United Kingdom , the minister responsible for foreign policy as well as the British overseas territories -RRB- is the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs -LRB- Foreign Secretary -RRB- .
For the same reason , in Commonwealth countries other than the United Kingdom , the ministers responsible for handling relations with both Commonwealth and non-Commonwealth countries were formerly usually designated ministers for ` External Affairs ' .
In many Spanish-speaking countries in Latin America , the foreign minister is colloquially called canciller -LRB- chancellor -RRB- -LRB- in Brazil , a Portuguese-speaking country , is chanceler -RRB- .
A foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government .
The foreign minister is generally the most well-traveled member of any cabinet .
Other common titles may include minister of foreign relations .
These include the National Hurricane Center 's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch -LRB- TAFB -RRB- , the NOAA\/NESDIS Satellite Analysis Branch -LRB- SAB -RRB- , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii .
The Dvorak technique -LRB- developed in 1973 by Vernon Dvorak -RRB- is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images .
Several agencies issue Dvorak intensity numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity .
MonsÃ gur is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Nissan Cube is a Mini MPV produced by Nissan for the Japanese market since 1998 , and now sold in export markets such as North America and Europe .
In Europe , the avalanche risk is widely rated on the following scale , which was adopted in April 1993 to replace the earlier non-standard national schemes .
Descriptions were last updated in May 2003 to enhance uniformity .
Mesa Power , a company controlled by former Texas oilman , T. Boone Pickens , planned to build the world 's largest wind farm , called the Pampa Wind Project , as part of the Pickens Plan .
The proposed 4,000 MW facility was to be located near Pampa , Texas , which is on the Texas Panhandle , and stretch to the east , spanning 400000 a in five counties .
This would provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes .
By way of comparison , as of May 2008 , the largest U.S. wind plant is the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center with a capacity of 736 MW .
The district operates Sycamore High School , Sycamore Middle School , and five elementary schools .
Cheffois is a commune of the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Kingfisher is a city in and the county seat of Kingfisher County , Oklahoma , United States .
The industrial park is located just south of Kingfisher , further closing the gap between Oklahoma City and Kingfisher . Kingfisher has quickly become a suburban community of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area , already home to many commuters to Oklahoma City .
This flag was the same , except the golden stripe had a human stick figure , a kanaga , in black , with arms raised to the sky .
The current flag was adopted on March 1 , 1961 .
The flag of Mali -LRB- French : Drapeau du Mali -RRB- is a tricolor with three equal vertical stripes .
The figure was removed because of Islamic aniconism , the belief against making pictures of the human figure .
The original flag was adopted on April 4 , 1959 , when Mali joined the Mali Federation .
From the hoist -LRB- the place where the flagpole meets the flag -RRB- the colors are green , gold , and red , the pan-African colors .
-LRB- Mali is about 90 % Muslim . -RRB-
The months in the first half of the year all have 31 days , to take into account the slower movement of the sun across the ecliptic at this time .
The Indian national calendar -LRB- sometimes called Saka calendar -RRB- is the official civil calendar in use in India .
In leap years , Chaitra has 31 days and starts on March 21 instead .
It is used , alongside the Gregorian calendar , by The Gazette of India , news broadcasts by All India Radio , and calendars and communications issued by the Government of India .
It is the current home of The Earl and Countess of Wessex .
Bagshot Park is a royal residence located near Bagshot , a village 11 m south west of Windsor and approximately 11 m north east of Guildford -LRB- Grid reference : -RRB- .
Bagshot Park is on Bagshot Heath , a fifty square-mile tract of formerly open land in Surrey and Berkshire . It is only a few miles from Sunninghill Park , the former residence of the Duke and Duchess of York and current unofficial residence of Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex and his wife , The Countess of Wessex .
Jason Andrew Varitek -LRB- ; born April 11 , 1972 in Rochester , Michigan -RRB- is an American professional baseball catcher with the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball .
Note : It is often better to create an empty placeholder span -LRB- e.g. where the letter 's heading would be in the page if it existed , since in most cases it is quite possible that it will come to exist in the future .
The template has all features of Template : CompactTOC7 , plus some from Template : CompactTOC2 , such as optional `` Top '' `` 0-9 '' sections , and allows selecting other sections .
Any letter can be omitted -LRB- i.e. when it has no entries in the list -RRB- by specifying it as a lower-case blank parameter :
AmÄ rÄ Å tii de Sus is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3.847 people . It has the following constituent villages : AmÄ rÄ Å tii de Sus and Zvorsca .
Oilton is a city in Creek County , Oklahoma , United States .
Rodersdorf is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , on the border to Alsace , France .
The California gold rush led directly to the settlement of California by Americans and the rapid entry of that state into the union in 1850 . The gold rush in 1849 stimulated worldwide interest in prospecting for gold , and led to new rushes in Australia , South Africa , Wales and Scotland .
2009 -LRB- MMIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- dominical letter D -RRB- in the Gregorian calendar .
In April 2009 , he was elected as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences , based in Washington , D.C.
He attended Sheen Mount primary school , and then went on to Emanuel School in London , from 1969 to 1973 .
Tim Berners-Lee was born in London , England , on 8 June 1955 , the son of Conway Berners-Lee and Mary Lee Woods .
Berners-Lee is the director of the World Wide Web Consortium -LRB- W3C -RRB- , which oversaw the Web 's continued development .
He studied at The Queen 's College , Oxford , from 1973 to 1976 , where he received a first-class degree in Physics .
He is a director of The Web Science Research Initiative -LRB- WSRI -RRB- , and a member of the advisory board of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence .
The short form , `` blog , '' was coined by Peter Merholz , who jokingly broke the word weblog into the phrase we blog in the sidebar of his blog Peterme.com in April or May 1999 . Shortly thereafter , Evan Williams at Pyra Labs used `` blog '' as both a noun and verb -LRB- `` to blog , '' meaning `` to edit one 's weblog or to post to one 's weblog '' -RRB- and devised the term `` blogger '' in connection with Pyra Labs ' Blogger product , leading to the popularization of the terms .
The popularity of blogs has also given rise to `` fake blogs '' in which a company will create a fictional blog as a marketing tool to promote a product .
; By genre : Some blogs focus on a particular subject , such as political blogs , travel blogs -LRB- also known as travelogs -RRB- , house blogs , fashion blogs , project blogs , education blogs , niche blogs , classical music blogs , quizzing blogs and legal blogs -LRB- often referred to as a blawgs -RRB- or dreamlogs .
Two common types of genre blogs are art blogs and music blogs .
He graduated in Commerce from Noida .
He came to Mumbai , Maharastra to audition for the role of Krishna Singh .
He later moved to Noida , Uttar Pradesh , where he did 11th and 12th Standard from St. Anselm 's Sr. . Sec .
Later , he joined Kishore Namit Kapoor 's acting institute .
Arhaan Behl , born on 6 August 1984 in Rajasthan , India , is an actor who currently plays the male lead Krishna in the STAR Plus serial Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya .
Behl is from Ajmer , Rajasthan .
Levenshulme is an urban area of the City of Manchester , in North West England . It borders Longsight , Gorton , Burnage , Heaton Chapel and Reddish , and is approximately 4 m from Manchester City Centre on the A6 road .
Keota is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
James Howard `` Jim '' Thome -LRB- ; born August 27 , 1970 in Peoria , Illinois -RRB- is an American Major League Baseball designated hitter for the Minnesota Twins .
San Nazzaro is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Francisco `` Fran '' MÃ rida PÃ rez -LRB- born 4 March 1990 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid as a midfielder .
Faucoucourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Anne BrontÃ `` -LRB- ; 17 January 1820 -- 28 May 1849 -RRB- was a British novelist and poet , the youngest member of the BrontÃ `` literary family .
One of the ideas was Cow and Chicken .
The series shows the surreal adventures of a cow , named Cow , and her chicken brother , named Chicken .
They are often antagonized by `` The Red Guy '' , who poses as various characters to scam or hurt them .
Cow and Chicken -LRB- known as Cleo and Chico in French-language countries -RRB- is an American animated series , created by David Feiss .
Monocalcium phosphate is a chemical compound with the formula Ca -LRB- H2PO4 -RRB- 2 .
Alternately phosphate rock may be treated with phosphoric acid to produce a purer form of monocalcium phosphate and is sold as triple phosphate .
Dorna-Arini is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Roberto Bettega -LRB- born 27 December 1950 in Turin , Piedmont -RRB- is an Italian former footballer .
The Po valley was the territory of the Roman Cisalpine Gaul , divided in Cispadane Gaul -LRB- South of the Po -RRB- and Transpadane Gaul -LRB- North of the Po -RRB- .
Based on these figures , cocaine consumption was estimated to be about 4 kg daily , or 27 doses per day per thousand young adults in areas that feed into the riverâ '' a number nearly three times higher than previous estimates .
In 2005 , water from the Po was found to contain `` staggering '' amounts of benzoylecgonine , which is excreted by cocaine users in urine .
Near the end of its course , it creates a wide delta -LRB- with hundreds of small channels and five main ones , called Po di Maestra , Po della Pila , Po delle Tolle , Po di Gnocca and Po di Goro -RRB- at the southern part of which is Comacchio , an area famous for eels .
The fossil Po is the region of no longer active channels from the Po to the sea .
It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called navigli , which Leonardo da Vinci helped design .
He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning , but is brought back to life thanks to Katara 's special water that has healing abilities .
Aang is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Later , in the Fire Nation capital , Aang is seen in monk robes , standing beside Zuko while he is appointed Fire Lord .
After he sleepwalks into a forest , he speaks to four previous Avatars , seeking advice .
Aang 's character has a well developed cultural ideology .
He appeared in the Avatar : The Last Airbender video game as one of the four playable characters .
He is later seen relaxing with his friends in Ba Sing Se .
Two sequels were made : Avatar : The Last Airbender â `` The Burning Earth , followed by Avatar : The Last Airbender â `` Into the Inferno .
In the Avatar State , Aang can also fly inside a sphere of air .
In the following episode , Zuko has a change of heart and offers to teach Aang firebending .
Other methods of flying include his glider , and Appa .
Aang 's character appeared in the Avatar : The Last Airbender Trading Card Game on a multitude of cards .
Aang hides the map showing their father 's whereabouts and lies about having it in the first place .
A notable aspect of the character is his vegetarian diet , consistent with Buddhism or Taoism .
The robotic Momo was changed to a flying lemur , and the herd of bison was reduced to one .
The creators intended Aang to `` defeat enemies with his wits '' and be a `` trickster hero '' .
Throughout their journey they are chased by Zuko , the banished prince of the Fire Nation , with whom they have many encounters .
Using a technique taught to him by the lion-turtle , Aang removes Ozai 's ability to firebend , effectively eliminating the threat .
In some episodes , he demonstrates flight abilities with airbending .
Avatar T-shirts , some with Aang appearing on them , are being sold through the Nickelodeon Shop website .
Monk Gyatso , Aang 's mentor and father-figure , insists that Aang be raised as a regular child .
Reviews point out that `` as the Avatar , Aang seems unstoppable , but as Aang , he is just another Airbender '' ; the review states later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by revealing many character flaws .
In the show , Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations .
In one episode , Aang meets his previous incarnation , Avatar Roku , informing him that he must master all four bending arts and defeat Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer .
Flashbacks also reveal events that happened before the show opened .
As the Avatar , Aang has the ability to control the four classical elements and is tasked with keeping the Four Nations at peace .
Meanwhile , Michael Dante DiMartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole .
In `` The Spirit World -LRB- Winter Solstice , Part 1 -RRB- '' , Aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village ; instead of fighting the spirit , Aang negotiates .
In the episode `` Tales of Ba Sing Se '' , Aangâ s name was written as å æ -LRB- Ä n Ã ng -RRB- in Chinese .
Aang states a reluctance to fight in `` The Spirit World -LRB- Winter Solstice , Part 1 -RRB- '' ; Aang hopelessly negotiates with a spirit who is destroying a village instead of fighting .
In `` The King of Omashu '' , Aang demonstrates his vegetarian beliefs by refusing to eat meat .
The Avatar State tips the battle in Aang 's favor , and makes swift work of Ozai .
The casting decisions were also negatively received by several critics who stated that the original casting call expressed a preference for Caucasian actors over others .
Later , in the second season , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong , a blind earthbending master , who becomes one of his teachers .
In the show 's intended demographics , Aang has been received exceptionally well .
One technique for this is to make a whirling sphere of air and ride on it , which Aang calls the Air Scooter .
The creators lost interest in the theme , and changed it to one hundred years of suspended animation .
After sparing Ozai when redirecting his lightning and then being backed into a corner , Aang enters the Avatar State .
In `` The Firebending Masters '' Aang learns firebending with the help of the last two dragons .
During the season finale , a guru attempts to teach Aang how to open up his seven chakras in order to control the Avatar State .
This fighting style focuses on circular movements , and does not have many finishing moves .
In a flashback during `` The Storm '' , the elder monks hold a private meeting with Aang to reveal his identity as the Avatar .
According to the show 's creators , `` Buddhism and Taoism have been huge inspirations behind the idea for Avatar . ''
The show follows Aang 's journeys to complete this task , during a war instigated by the Fire Nation when he was frozen .
Due to his non-violent nature , he is also depicted as showing ethical reluctance in killing Firelord Ozai , and eventually strips Ozai of his bending instead of killing him .
These characteristics were meant to represent the unpredictability of air and the peaceful nature of Airbenders in the show .
When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger , he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh chakra is opened , locking it .
The series ends with Aang and Katara kissing .
It is revealed in the first episodes of the show that a violent storm catches Aang and plummets him into the ocean during his escape .
It is revealed in the second episode that he is the current incarnation of the Avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
The show 's directors , Michael DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , claim the events are canon .
Aang accepts , despite the group 's strong opposition .
In 2008 director M. Night Shyamalan cast 12-year-old Tae Kwon Do practitioner Noah Ringer as Aang in the film adaptation of the series , The Last Airbender .
Nearing the end , the monks began to believe that Gyatso interfered too much , so they decide to send Aang to the Eastern Air Temple .
Aang is depicted in the series as a vegetarian , as shown in `` The King of Omashu '' and `` The Headband '' when he refuses to eat meat since the Air Nomads taught him that all life is sacred .
Aang consistently shows a reluctance to fight and an aversion against killing .
Konietzko evolved the character into a picture of a child with a flying bison .
A couple of episodes later , Aang and his friends find out that a solar eclipse will occur before the end of the summer , rendering the Firebenders powerless .
After discovering that the forest is atop a swimming lion-turtle , and receiving advice from said lion-turtle , he prepares to confront the Fire Lord .
After 100 years in the frozen iceberg , the show opens when Katara and her brother Sokka free Aang and Appa in the first episode of the show .
An image of this air bubble , resembling an iceberg , ends the flashback .
He also showed that he can act immaturely , and once tried to deceive others in order to keep the group together .
Aang then enters the Avatar State , unknowingly , for the first time to encase himself and Appa in a frozen air bubble .
The creators of the show intended Aang to be trapped in an iceberg for one thousand years .
Airbending , the style Aang primarily uses in the show , is based on an `` internal '' Chinese martial art called Baguazhang .
Kendall Lyons stated , `` Aang seems to be the lighthearted kid that you can easily familiarize yourself with '' , and that he `` seems to bring comfort in the most dangerous or hostile situations . ''
The character is created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and is voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen .
The plot they described corresponds with the first and second episodes of the series , where the `` water people '' -LRB- Katara and Sokka -RRB- rescue the `` air guy '' -LRB- Aang -RRB- while `` trapped in a snowy wasteland '' -LRB- the Southern Water Tribe -RRB- with `` some fire people -LRB- that -RRB- are pressing down on them '' -LRB- Fire Nation Troops and Zuko -RRB- .
Once Ozai arrives , Aang engages him in battle .
He then battles in the underground caverns of Ba Sing Se .
Each gives him a reason to kill the Fire Lord , discouraging him .
Aang 's character was developed from a drawing by Bryan Konietzko .
Tokyopop has published a films comic -LRB- sometimes referred to as cine-manga -RRB- , in which Aang , being the main character of the show , appears repeatedly .
He was to wake inside a futuristic world , where he would have a pet robot named Momo and a dozen bison .
The casting of a white actor in the role of Aang -LRB- as well as a primarily Caucasian cast -RRB- in the Asian-influenced Avatar universe triggered negative reactions from some fans marked by accusations of racism , a letter-writing campaign , and a protest outside of a Philadelphia casting call for movie extras .
There are many similar descriptions about Aang as a child-like character who is `` reckless and excitable '' .
The series depict Aang as the last surviving Airbender and a monk of the Air Nomads , the only race of people with the unique ability to manipulate the air around them .
In the Brahmajala Sutra , a Buddhist code of ethics , vegetarianism is encouraged .
The game includes certain plot changes that are not shown in the show .
The idea caused the pair to think :
Aang reveals in `` The Storm '' that he wishes he had been there to help his people a century ago , but would rather live a child 's carefree life .
In `` Bato of the Water Tribe '' , Aang thinks Katara and Sokka might leave to visit their father .
Aang appeared in Escape from the Spirit World , an online video game that can be found on Nickelodeon 's official website .
Most of Aang 's traits , such as vegetarianism , are based on Buddhist and Taoist tradition .
Aang refuses to be torn away from his mentor ; he writes a note for Gyatso before flying away on his bison .
Aang is the series ' reluctant hero , showing hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation .
In the next episode , they all set off for the Northern Water Tribe , with intentions to find a Waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara .
The sketch depicted a middle-aged bald man with an arrow on his head .
When the group reaches the Northern Water Tribe , a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang -LRB- and later Katara -RRB- waterbending .
Noel Thomas David Gallagher -LRB- born 29 May 1967 -RRB- is an English musician , best known as the former lead guitarist , backing vocalist and principal songwriter of the English rock band Oasis .
The name is from the ancient Greek word galaxias -LRB- -RRB- , literally meaning `` milky '' , a reference to the Milky Way galaxy .
Typical galaxies range from dwarfs with as few as ten million -LRB- 107 -RRB- stars , up to giants with a hundred trillion -LRB- 1014 -RRB- stars , all orbiting the galaxy 's center of mass. .
Galaxies come in three main types : ellipticals , spirals , and irregulars .
In the astronomical literature , the capitalized word ` Galaxy ' is used to refer to our galaxy , the Milky Way , to distinguish it from the billions of other galaxies .
The term Milky Way first appeared in the English language in a story by Chaucer .
The Milky Way galaxy is currently in the process of cannibalizing the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy and the Canis Major Dwarf Galaxy .
The Sun is one of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy ; the Solar System includes the Earth and all the other objects that orbit the Sun .
Galaxies may contain many star systems , star clusters , and various interstellar clouds .
In Greek mythology , Zeus places his son born by a mortal woman , the infant Heracles , on Hera 's breast while she is asleep so that the baby will drink her divine milk and will thus become immortal .
Spiral galaxies , like the Milky Way , only produce new generations of stars as long as they have dense molecular clouds of interstellar hydrogen in their spiral arms .
Hera wakes up while breastfeeding and then realizes she is nursing an unknown baby : she pushes the baby away and a jet of her milk sprays the night sky , producing the faint band of light known as the Milky Way .
A domestic warren is an artificial , enclosed establishment of animal husbandry dedicated to the raising of rabbits for meat and fur .
St. Patrick is honored with a feast day on the liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church -LRB- USA -RRB- on March 17 .
Phraya Phakdi Chumphon -LRB- Lae -RRB- Monument -LRB- à à à à à à à # à à cents à à à # à à cents à à à à à '' à à à à à à -LRB- à à -RRB- -RRB- : The people of Chaiyaphum built the monument in 1975 .
The province is subdivided into 16 districts -LRB- amphoe -RRB- . The districts are further subdivided into 124 subdistricts -LRB- tambon -RRB- and 1393 villages -LRB- muban -RRB- .
They were originally numbered D2985-D2998 and later given the TOPS numbers 07001 -LRB- D2985 -RRB- -07013 -LRB- D2997 -RRB- , D2998 .
The British Rail Class 07 diesel locomotive is an off-centre cab dock shunter used in Southampton Docks , to replace SR USA Class steam locomotives .
It is a 0-6-0 diesel-electric shunter built by Ruston & Hornsby in 1962 .
Saint-Brais is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Despotism is a form of government in which a single entity , called the despot , rules with absolute power .
`` Another Love Song '' is a 1999 song by hip hop duo , Insane Clown Posse , performed by member Violent J , and is their first single from their album The Amazing Jeckel Brothers .
Slavic languages are , on the other hand , more similar to Lithuanian .
Lithuanian is the state language of Lithuania and an official language of the European Union .
Standard Lithuanian is derived mostly from Western AukÅ taitian dialects , including the Eastern dialect of Lithuania Minor .
Influence of other dialects is more significant in the vocabulary of standard Lithuanian .
Cricketers from England .
Prizes are awarded yearly in twenty-one categories .
In twenty of these , each winner receives a certificate and a US$ 10,000 cash award .
Gerard LÃ pez SegÃ -LRB- born March 12 , 1979 -RRB- , usually known as just Gerard , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Girona FC .
A calzone -LRB- Italian `` stocking '' or `` trouser '' -RRB- is a turnover that originates from Italy .
It is made of ingredients similar to pizza folded over and shaped like a crescent
The Baptist Union of Great Britain , despite its name , is the association of Baptist churches in England and Wales .
The Baptist Union of Great Britain was formed when the General Baptists and Particular Baptists came together in 1891 .
Ram Narayan -LRB- ; IAST : , ; born 25 December 1927 -RRB- , often referred to by the title Pandit , is an Indian musician who popularized the bowed instrument sarangi as a solo concert instrument in Hindustani classical music and became the first internationally successful sarangi player .
Piotr Jaroslaw Å wierczewski -LRB- born April 8 , 1972 in Nowy SÄ cz -RRB- is a retired Polish football player .
A few scholars , most prominently Christopher Beckwith and Roy Andrew Miller , argue that Chinese is not related to Tibeto-Burman .
In opposition to this view , scholars in favor of the Sino-Tibetan hypothesis such as W. South Coblin , Graham Thurgood , James Matisoff , and Gong Hwang cherng have argued that there are regular correspondences in sounds as well as in grammar .
The Sino-Tibetan languages are a language family comprising , at least , the Chinese and the Tibeto-Burman languages , including some 250 languages of East Asia , Southeast Asia and parts of South Asia .
They are second only to the Indo-European languages in terms of the number of native speakers .
They point to what they consider an absence of regular sound correspondences , an absence of reconstructable shared morphology , and evidence that much shared lexical material has been borrowed from Chinese into Tibeto-Burman .
Crucea is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Sligo Town and County Sligo are served by Sligo Airport , 8 km -LRB- 5 miles -RRB- from Sligo town and close to Strandhill village , with Aer Arann flights to Dublin .
Krauchthal includes the village of Krauchthal , Hettiswil and Hub im Tal as well as Dieterswald and Thorberg in on the hill .
Their mainstream success came with the release of the `` greatest hits '' album Your New Favourite Band , featuring their most well-known song `` Hate to Say I Told You So '' .
The Hives are a Swedish garage rock band that first garnered attention in the early 2000s as a prominent group of the garage rock revival .
Bright 's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be described in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis .
The term is no longer used , as diseases are now classified according to their more fully understood causes .
Corbonod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Dorengt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The only real condition here is that each gift should be meaningful and some thought should have gone into it .
The 7 Day gifting challenge aims to take the focus away from you on to others .
The Joy of Giving Week -LRB- JGW -RRB- is a `` festival of philanthropy '' that aims to become a part of the Indian ethos , with the Week being celebrated every year covering Gandhi Jayanti by engaging people through `` acts of giving '' - money , time , resources and skills - spanning the corporate , NGO and government sectors , schools , colleges and the general public .
7Days7Gifts , a simple idea where people will be encouraged to do random acts of kindness to people they donâ t know for every day of the week .
The initiative was being led by JAM Magazine and was being supported by MTV India .
A `` College Joyfest '' to promote awareness and sensitivity among youth of 300 + college campuses in India catalyzing as fundraisers for the partner with local NGOs during the cultural festivals .
Goonj runs a Vastradaan initiative that provides clothes and other amenities to the far-flung villages , collecting on an average 20,000 kg or about 1.2 lac units of clothing every month , processing it and distributing it through a unique clothes for work program .
Several corporates , celebrities and organizations have undertaken efforts towards awareness , volunteering and fundraising events that they will organize during the Joy of Giving Week .
For the Joy of Giving Week , Goonj has undertaken a massive clothes collection drive in over 25 cities , targeting to collect at least 1 crore units of clothing during the week .
Presented by Riverside School in Ahmedabad , NID , Stanford Design School and IDEO , in partnership with hundreds of educational NGOs and schools across India .
The Design for Giving School Contest inspires children between the age group 10-13 from over 10,000 private and government schools all over India to design solutions to India 's problems and implement them during the Week .
`` Battle of the Buffet '' events by the 5 star Hotels in Chennai and Hyderabad , where they provided their most lavish spreads free of cost to NGOs of the city , who worked together as a city and sell donor passes to raise funds for their work .
Jorge Francisco Campos Navarrete -LRB- nicknamed El Brody or Chiqui-Campos or El ChapulÃ n -RRB- -LRB- born October 15 , 1966 in Acapulco -RRB- is a retired Mexican footballer who played as a goalkeeper and striker as well .
Faisal Al-Dakhil , also spelled Al-Dakheel -LRB- born 13 August 1957 -RRB- is a prominent Kuwaiti footballer .
They have a son named Preston Charles , born 16 November 2006 .
Brett Lee -LRB- born 8 November 1976 in Wollongong , New South Wales -RRB- is an Australian cricketer .
Lee married Elizabeth Kemp in June 2006 .
Sodium metaperiodate can be isolated from the oxidation of sodium iodide with sodium hypochlorite and is best recrystallized from nitric acid .
Sodium periodate is the sodium salt of periodic acid .
It can refer to two different chemical compounds , sodium metaperiodate -LRB- often abbreviated as m-periodate -RRB- , which has the formula NaIO4 , and sodium orthoperiodate -LRB- often abbreviated as o-periodate -RRB- , which has the formula Na5IO6 .
Sodium periodate is used to oxidize cellulose and create a biocompatible and biodegradable compound that can be used as suture , as a scaffold for tissue engineering , or for drug delivery .
The Uckermark , a historical region in northeastern Germany , straddles the Uckermark District of Brandenburg and the Uecker-Randow District of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern .
In 1815 after the Napoleonic Wars , the Uckermark became part of the Prussian Province of Brandenburg . Previously divided into the administrative units Uckerkreis and Stolpirischer Kreis , in 1817 a third district was created in the area , the district AngermÃ 1\/4 nde , and the other two districts were renamed to Prenzlau and Templin .
Sherwan is divided into two parts : Sherwan Khurd and Sherwan Kalan .
The local language is Hindko while Urdu is also understood and spoken .
The population of Sherwan is over 15,000 .
Sherwan is a Union council of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , located 35 km west of Abbottabad .
Sherwan Kalan covers a much larger area than Sherwan Khurd .
The Union Council of Sherwan is subdivided into the following areas : Beri , Kharperh , Thethi Ahmed Khan , Chakar Bain , Chorgran , Juna , Kamila , Kangar Palan , Sherwan Kalan , Sherwan Khurd , Khalabat , Chamhati , Kumhar -LRB- Amir Abad -RRB- , Thorey , Kalar Khaitar , Bamochi , Bhateel and Shaheedabad .
These forests host a number of wild animals , such as jackals , wolves , pigs , porcupines and occasionally tigers .
Sherwan is located in a beautiful valley which is surrounded by large , forested mountains on three sides .
The main ethnic groups or tribes of this area are the Tanolis and the Awans .
He is known as `` the Younger '' to distinguish him from his father , William Pitt the Elder , who previously served as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
He became the youngest Prime Minister in 1783 at the age of 24 -LRB- although the term Prime Minister was not then used -RRB- . He left office in 1801 , but was Prime Minister again from 1804 until his death in 1806 .
William Pitt the Younger -LRB- 28 May 1759 â `` 23 January 1806 -RRB- was a British politician of the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
JiÅ Ã Å tajner -LRB- born 27 May 1976 in BeneÅ ov -RRB- is a Czech footballer currently playing for FC Slovan Liberec .
Louis XII -LRB- 27 June 1462 â `` 1 January 1515 -RRB- , called `` the Father of the People '' , was king of France and the sole monarch from the Valois-Orl Ã ans branch of the House of Valois .
After Louis XII 's predecessor Charles VIII died childless , Louis ' marriage was annulled in order to allow him to marry Charlesâ widow , the former Queen-Consort , Anne of Brittany -LRB- 1477 â `` 1514 -RRB- , who was the daughter and heiress of Francis II of Brittany , in a strategy meant to integrate the duchy of Brittany into the French monarchy .
Marc Staal -LRB- born January 13 , 1987 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and alternate captain for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League .
He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Carolina Hurricanes , and older brother of Jordan Staal of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Jared Staal , who plays in the Hurricanes organization .
Sea ice is frozen seawater that moves with oceanic currents ; it provides important habitat and a resting place for animals , particularly during the winter months .
A few important parts of this environment are sea ice and permafrost .
The Arctic consists of taiga -LRB- or boreal forest -RRB- and tundra biomes , which also dominate very high elevations , even in the tropics .
Arctic ecology is the scientific study of the relationships between biotic and abiotic factors in the arctic , the region north of the Arctic Circle -LRB- 66 33 â -RRB- .
Sensitive ecosystems exist throughout the Arctic region , which are being impacted dramatically by global warming .
They disbanded in 1973 and lead singer Paul Rodgers went on to become a frontman of the band Bad Company along with Simon Kirke on drums ; lead guitarist Paul Kossoff died from a drug-induced heart failure at the age of 25 in 1976 , bassist Andy Fraser formed Sharks .
Free were an English rock band , formed in London in 1968 , best known for their 1970 signature song `` All Right Now '' .
The population was 949 at the 2000 census .
Oak Creek Township is one of twenty-four townships in Saunders County , Nebraska , United States .
In 1634 , the Colony was divided into the original eight shires of Virginia , soon renamed as counties .
They created their first permanent settlement at Jamestown .
Lower Norfolk County was quite large , and stretched all the way from the Atlantic Ocean west past the Elizabeth River , encompassing the entire area now within the modern cities of Portsmouth , Norfolk , Chesapeake , and Virginia Beach .
They named it Cape Henry , after Henry Frederick , Prince of Wales , the eldest son of King James I of England .
Thoroughgood 's choice of residence after 1634 was along the Lynnhaven River , also named for his home in England .
Near the point where the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean meet , Cape Henry was the site of the first landing of the English colonists , who eventually settled in Jamestown , on April 26 , 1607 .
The following year , New Norfolk County was split into Upper Norfolk County -LRB- soon renamed Nansemond County -RRB- and Lower Norfolk County .
In 1607 , after a voyage of 144 days , three ships headed by Captain Christopher Newport carrying 105 men and boys made their first landfall in the New World where the Atlantic Ocean meets the southern mouth of the Chesapeake Bay in the northeastern part of the city .
They occupied an area which is now the independent cities of Norfolk , Portsmouth , Chesapeake and Virginia Beach .
Virginia Beach is an independent city located in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of Virginia , on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay .
Atlantic University was originally intended for study of Cayce 's readings and research on spiritual subjects .
Over the next 45 years , Virginia Beach continued to grow in popularity as a seasonal vacation spot , and casinos gave way to amusement parks and family-oriented attractions . In 1927 The Cavalier Hotel opened and became a popular vacation spot .
This area , known as `` America 's First Region '' , also includes the independent cities of Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Suffolk , as well as other smaller cities , counties and towns of Hampton Roads .
There are also eleven golf courses open to the public in the city , as well as four country club layouts and 36 military holes at NAS Oceana 's Aeropines course .
Virginia Beach is the easternmost city of Hampton Roads that make up the core of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News , VA-NC MSA .
These include the United States Navy 's NAS Oceana and FTC Dam Neck , and the United States Army 's Fort Story located at Cape Henry .
Princess Anne , the easternmost county in South Hampton Roads , extended northward from the North Carolina border to Cape Henry at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay , and included all of the area fronting the Atlantic Ocean .
The growing resort of Virginia Beach became an incorporated town in 1906 .
Among the best-known public courses are Hell 's Point Golf Club and Virginia Beach National , the latter of which hosts the Virginia Beach Open , a Nationwide Tour event , each April .
Princess Anne County was to last from 1691 to 1963 , over 250 years .
The city is listed in the Guinness Book of Records as having the longest pleasure beach in the world .
It is also home to several state parks , several long-protected beach areas , three military bases , a number of large corporations , two universities , Edgar Cayce 's A.R.E. and numerous historic sites .
NAS Oceana is the largest employer in Virginia Beach ; it was decreed by the 2005 BRAC Commission that NAS Oceana must close unless the city of Virginia Beach condemns houses in areas designated as `` Accident Potential Zones . ''
His followers are still active in Virginia Beach .
Atlantic University was opened by Cayce in 1930 ; it closed two years later but was re-opened in 1985 .
Thoroughgood is credited with using the name of his home in England when helping name `` New Norfolk County '' in 1637 .
It is located at the southern end of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel , the longest bridge-tunnel complex in the world .
Although the resort was initially dependent upon railroad and electric trolley service , the completion of Virginia Beach Boulevard in 1922 , which extended from Norfolk to the oceanfront , opened the way for automobiles , buses , trucks , and passenger rail service , the latter of which was eventually discontinued .
The Edgar Cayce Hospital for Research and Enlightenment was established in Virginia Beach in 1928 with 60 beds .
Cayce was a psychic from Kentucky who claimed healing abilities and made prophesies .
Virginia Beach is a resort city with miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along its oceanfront .
The area includes the Virginia cities of Norfolk , Virginia Beach , Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Poquoson , Portsmouth , Suffolk , Williamsburg , and the counties of Gloucester , Isle of Wight , James City , Mathews , Surry , and York , as well as the North Carolina county of Currituck .
Virginia Beach became politically independent of Princess Anne County as an independent city in 1952 , although the numerous ties between Virginia Beach and Princess Anne remained .
In 1691 , Lower Norfolk County was divided to form Norfolk County and Princess Anne County .
Virginia Beach is home to several United States Military bases .
Additionally , NAB Little Creek is located mostly within the city of Virginia Beach but carries a Norfolk address .
In 1963 , after approval by referendum of the voters of the City of Virginia Beach and Princess Anne County , and with the approval of the Virginia General Assembly , the two political subdivisions were consolidated as a new , much larger independent city , retaining the better-known name of the Virginia Beach resort .
Cayce resided in Virginia Beach until he died on January 3 , 1945 .
Anglade is a commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
Swabi is a tehsil of Swabi District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
saccharata var .
rugosa ; also called Indian corn , sugar corn , and pole corn -RRB- is a variety of maize with a high sugar content and prepared as a vegetable .
Sweet corn -LRB- Zea mays convar .
The State University of Iowa was founded February 25 , 1847 as Iowa 's first public institution of higher learning , only 59 days after Iowa became a state .
About Iowa â `` The University of Iowa http://www.uiowa.edu/homepage/about-UI/index.html
Terry Lynn Ellis -LRB- born September 5 , 1963 in Houston , Texas , U.S. -RRB- is an African-American R&B singer best known for her work with the quartet En Vogue .
The Ezo Salamander or Hokkaido Salamander -LRB- Hynobius retardatus -RRB- is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .
It is endemic to Japan .
Donald Zackary `` Zack '' Greinke -LRB- Ë É rÉ Å ki ; born October 21 , 1983 -RRB- is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers .
Greinke won the American League Cy Young Award in 2009 with the Kansas City Royals .
Chavonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Naoki Naruo -LRB- born 5 October 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He was interred opposite to AtatÃ 1\/4 rk 's mausoleum at AnÄ tkabir in Ankara and a massive tomb was constructed there .
Mustafa Ä smet Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 -LRB- ; 24 September 1884 -- 25 December 1973 -RRB- was a Turkish Army General , Prime Minister and the second President of Turkey .
Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 later served as the Prime Minister of Turkey for several terms , maintaining the system that Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk had put in place .
In 1938 , Republican People 's Party gave him the title of `` Milli Å ef '' -LRB- National Chief -RRB- .
Ä smet Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 was by the standards of his time a highly educated man , speaking Arabic , English , French and German in addition to his native Turkish .
He changed his name in the early 1930s when President AtatÃ 1\/4 rk decreed that all his countrymen had to have surnames .
The Heartbreakers ' song , `` London Boys '' , is a swipe at the Sex Pistols , in response to the Pistols ' `` New York '' , a put-down of the New York Dolls .
Johnny Thunders -LRB- vocals\/guitar -RRB- and Jerry Nolan -LRB- drums -RRB- had quit the New York Dolls , and that same week Richard Hell -LRB- vocals\/bass -RRB- was forced out of Television .
Johnny Thunders and the Heartbreakers , also known as The Heartbreakers , were an American rock & roll band formed in New York in May 1975 .
The band reformed in 1979 for a few farewell shows at Max 's Kansas City with drummer Ty Stix sitting in for Nolan and resulting in the album Live at Max 's Kansas City ' 79 .
Nolan died in 1992 .
Hell went on to form his own band , The Voidoids .
The band re-formed occasionally to play at New York clubs until the death of Thunders in 1991 .
In 1976 , Hell was either pushed out of the Heartbreakers or quit the group , and was replaced by Billy Rath , who , according to legend , was a gigolo .
Their debutâ '' and onlyâ '' studio album , L.A.M.F. , featured all the Heartbreakers ' popular live songs .
Several of the members of the band left at this point .
Lure subsequently became a stockbroker on Wall St. but still performs sporadically when his day job allows the time for it .
Hell rarely plays music live , concentrating instead on writing and spoken-word performances .
The band was part of the first wave of punk rock .
The trio joined forces , and after a few shows added Walter Lure -LRB- vocals\/guitar -RRB- , who had played with a group called the Demons .
They shortly signed with Track Records .
Live shows often consisted of songs performed with the New York Dolls or taken from Thunders ' solo career .
Nitrogen fixation also refers to other biological conversions of nitrogen , such as its conversion to nitrogen dioxide .
Biological nitrogen fixation was discovered by the Dutch microbiologist Martinus Beijerinck .
Robert Fitzgerald Diggs , better known by his stage name RZA or The RZA -LRB- ; born July 5 , 1969 -RRB- , is an American Grammy-winning music producer , multi-instrumentalist , author , rapper , and occasional actor , director , and screenwriter . A prominent figure in hip hop music , he is the de facto leader of the Wu-Tang Clan .
Estonia was a member of the League of Nations from 22 September 1921 , has been a member of the United Nations since 17 September 1991 , and of NATO since 29 March 2004 , as well as the European Union since 1 May 2004 .
The Olathe School District has 34 elementary schools , 9 middle schools , and 4 high schools : Olathe North , Olathe South , Olathe East , and Olathe Northwest .
Olathe is a city in and the county seat of Johnson County , Kansas , United States .
Located in northeastern Kansas , it is also the fifth most populous city in the state , with a population of 125,872 at the 2010 census .
`` The Mirror '' -RRB- is a German weekly news magazine , published in Hamburg . It is one of Europe 's largest publications of its kind , with a weekly circulation of more than one million .
After disagreements with the British , the magazine was handed over to Rudolf Augstein as chief editor , and was renamed Der Spiegel . From the first edition in January 1947 , Augstein held the position of editor-in-chief , which he retained until his death on 7 November 2002 .
Der Spiegel -LRB- , lit .
The first edition of the Der Spiegel was published in Hanover on 4 January 1947 , a Saturday .
Arnaldo Ariel Ortega -LRB- born 4 March 1974 -RRB- is an Argentine football attacking midfielder currently playing for All Boys on loan from River Plate .
The examples to the right are produced using and .
This template produces a navigational box for a millennium article .
Saint-Julien-Bouti Ã res is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Tomoyuki Kajino -LRB- born July 11 , 1960 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
The Houston Dynamo is an American professional soccer club based in Houston , Texas which competes in Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- , the top professional soccer league in the United States and Canada .
Explosives are classified as low or high explosives according to their rates of burn : low explosives burn rapidly -LRB- or deflagrate -RRB- , while high explosives detonate .
Sensitive materials that can be initiated by a relatively small amount of heat or pressure are primary explosives and materials that are relatively insensitive are secondary explosives .
Cesare Bovo -LRB- born 14 January 1983 in Rome -RRB- is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Palermo .
Miguel PallardÃ GonzÃ lez -LRB- born 5 September 1986 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Levante UD on loan from Getafe CF , as a midfielder .
January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars , and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
The 7th century is the period from 601 to 700 in accordance with the Julian calendar in the Christian\/Common Era .
Blencoe is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States .
The Little Grebe -LRB- Tachybaptus ruficollis -RRB- , also known as Dabchick , is 23 to 29 cm in length .
The Second Sino-Japanese War -LRB- July 7 , 1937 â `` September 9 , 1945 -RRB- was a military conflict fought primarily between the Republic of China and the Empire of Japan .
Publius Vergilius Maro -LRB- also known by the Anglicised forms of his name as Virgil or Vergil -RRB- -LRB- October 15 , 70 BC -- September 21 , 19 BC -RRB- was a classical Roman poet , best known for three major worksâ '' the Eclogues -LRB- or Bucolics -RRB- , the Georgics , and the Aeneidâ '' although several minor poems are also attributed to him .
Bucquoy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kalamazoo is home to Kalamazoo Valley Community College , Davenport University , and Kalamazoo Area Mathematics and Science Center -LRB- KAMSC -RRB- .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 77,145 .
Kalamazoo is the largest city in the southwest region of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Kalamazoo is served by one daily newspaper , the Kalamazoo Gazette .
It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County .
The city of Kalamazoo , Michigan has three sister cities .
The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair , with the British team heralded as slight favorites after finishing at the top of the league table .
During the series , Australia and New Zealand played additional Tests against France .
The game was effectively over by half-time when Australia led by 38-0 .
The format of the competition differed from the previous event in that the teams played each other twice , rather than once , prior to the final .
The second Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament -LRB- known as the Gillette Tri-Nations due to sponsorship -RRB- was contested between 16 October and 27 November of 2004 .
A one off match was also played between an ANZAC side made up of touring Australian and New Zealand players and a Cumbira side .
Instead , it was a one-sided match as Australia produced their best performance of the tournament .
Two years later , Toyota entered into a joint venture with General Motors called NUMMI , the New United Motor Manufacturing , Inc , operating an automobile-manufacturing plant in Fremont , California .
The Toyota Way incorporates the Toyota Production System .
Toyota Motor Corporation group companies are Toyota -LRB- including the Scion brand -RRB- , Lexus , Daihatsu and Hino Motors , along with several `` non-automotive '' companies .
Toyota Motor Corporation is headquartered in Toyota City , Aichi and in Tokyo .
In addition to manufacturing automobiles , Toyota provides financial services through its Toyota Financial Services division and also builds robots .
Luis Antonio Valencia Mosquera -LRB- born 4 August 1985 -RRB- , commonly known as Antonio Valencia , is an Ecuadorian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Manchester United and the Ecuadorian national team .
It is the main component of the cell walls of fungi , the exoskeletons of arthropods such as crustaceans -LRB- e.g. , crabs , lobsters and shrimps -RRB- and insects , the radulas of mollusks , and the beaks of cephalopods , including squid and octopuses .
Chitin has also proven useful for several medical and industrial purposes .
Budhial is a village and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Budhial village is located about 25 kilometres from Talagang .
The Earl Marshal , an hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk , oversees the College , though he is not a member of that body ; arms may not be granted without his consent .
A partial exception to this rule is the case of a woman who has no brothers , or whose brothers have no issue ; such a woman is called an heraldic heiress and may transmit the arms to her children as a quartering with their father 's arms , and so consequently to their descendants .
There are , historically , three levels of officers of arms : Kings of Arms , Heralds and Pursuivants .
Furthermore , the Earl Marshal may , in theory , hear cases and controversies relating to the use of arms in the Court of Chivalry , although the court has not sat since 1954 .
The officers of arms occupy posts bearing traditional titles with royal connotations .
This established the system , which is still operated , whereby royal authority to approve candidates for grants of arms is exercised by the Earl Marshal , and royal authority to grant the arms themselves is exercised by the Kings of Arms from the College of Arms .
Although daughters and sons inherit the right to bear arms for themselves personally , the right passes only through the male line : hence , a son transmits the arms to his children , but a daughter , while bearing them for herself , does not transmit them to her children .
If it does proceed , its success or otherwise will depend on the approval of the Earl Marshal , who may apply his own standards .
Before they can even consider the granting of arms , an application must be made to the Earl Marshal , and a fee paid .
Scotland has its own heraldic authority in Lord Lyon King of Arms and the Court of the Lord Lyon .
In 1616 , Ralphe Brooke , York Herald , tricked Garter King of Arms , Segar , into granting a coat of arms to the common hangman for a fee of 22 shillings .
The applicant does not buy a coat of arms : the arms themselves are freely given , but fees must be paid to the heralds and artists involved as professionals , and to support the buildings and other running costs of the College .
For these public appearances , the officers of the college wear costume representing their place in the Royal Household , either simple red livery or the herald 's traditional colourful outfit of a tabard emblazoned with his master 's arms -LRB- in this case the royal arms -RRB- .
If a herald is approached and does not consider that the application has merit , he may tactfully suggest to the applicant that he or she should not proceed .
To that end , the college is involved in genealogy and the many pedigrees -LRB- family trees -RRB- in their records , although not open to the public , have official status .
They were fixed at higher levels by James I but reduced by William IV in the 1830s .
The Kings of Arms grant coats of arms by letters patent .
The Kings of Arms are authorised in their patents of appointment to grant -LRB- with the consent of the Earl Marshal -RRB- to `` eminent men '' , a phrase which first appeared in the patent of appointment of Stephen Leake as Clarenceux King of Arms in 1741 .
These salaries were set centuries ago and reflect the living costs of the day .
Beyond these `` Heralds in Ordinary '' , `` Heralds Extraordinary '' can be appointed to take part in special ceremonial occasions or to assist the Earl Marshal personally ; they are not members of the college .
The various officers of arms have their own private practices in heraldry and genealogy , and receive only nominal salaries as officers of the College .
Nor is there any requirement for the College of Arms to approve the use of the arms in each generation : the original grant of arms is the only authority required .
By 1530 , the heralds applied a property qualification , requiring successful candidates for a grant of arms to have an income from land of Â # 10 per annum , or movable wealth of Â # 300 .
The costs involved are quite substantial .
In addition to designing and granting new arms , the College fields many requests from people attempting to demonstrate descent from an armigerous -LRB- arms-bearing -RRB- person ; a person descended in the male line -LRB- or through heraldic heiresses -RRB- from such an ancestor may be reissued that ancestor 's arms -LRB- with differencing marks if necessary to distinguish from senior-line cousins -RRB- .
But since the heralds receive fees for granting arms , they have always had an incentive to be generous rather than restrictive in their interpretation of who should be allowed a grant .
They , or a differenced version of them using marks of cadency , will be inherited by all of the legitimate children of an individual and such children and their descendants may bear the arms -LRB- or a differenced version of them -RRB- from the moment of birth : they do not -LRB- as with other inheritance -RRB- have to wait for the death of the previous generation .
-LRB- The deed poll is not entered on the registers , but is still published , if the name change does not amend the surname . -RRB- It is also possible to change ones arms , with or without adopting or appending a new surname , by Royal Licence , that is to say a licence in the form of a warrant from the Crown directed to the kings of arms instructing them to exemplify the transferred arms or a version of them to the licensee in his or her new name .
His second , After the Rain , received the Poets ' Prize .
His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and abroad and in the anthologies Twentieth-Century American Poetry , Contemporary American Poetry , and Writing Poems .
After military service and travel abroad , he made his home in Indianapolis , where he has lived since 1969 .
His first collection , Work , for the Night Is Coming , won the Walt Whitman Award .
Much of his early work is set in Mississinewa County , an imaginary place that includes the actual Mississinewa River , a tributary of the Wabash River .
In recent years , as Carter has published increasingly on the web , his poetry has ranged farther afield .
Carter studied at Yale and at Goddard College .
Jared Carter is the author of several collections of poetry .
Carter writes in free verse and in traditional forms .
Paillet is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Premalignant lesion is a morphologically altered tissue in which cancer is more likely to occur than its apparently normal counterpart .
The term was coined in 1875 by Romanian physician Victor BabeÅ .
A precancerous condition -LRB- or premalignant condition -RRB- is a disease , syndrome , or finding that , if left untreated , may lead to cancer .
The Weser is a river in north-western Germany .
MÃ 1\/4 nden by -LRB- the confluence of -RRB- the Fulda and Werra , it flows through Lower Saxony , then reaching the historic -LRB- Hanseatic League -RRB- port city of Bremen before emptying into the North Sea 50 km further north at Bremerhaven , which is also a seaport .
Aeschi is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
BurgÃ schisee is a lake in the forest on the border with Seeberg .
He credited fellow screenwriter Jeff Stockwell for recreating Terabithia for the film .
The film was a financial success , and with a budget of around $ 20 million , it had a worldwide gross of US$ 137 million .
`` What Jeff was able to do as an outsider who wasnâ t so attached to the story was to really let his imagination go free and make up this world in a wonderful way '' , David said .
Bridge to Terabithia was nominated for seven awards , of which it won five .
The opening Friday box office was $ 6.3 million .
With regard to the character , Robb said '' -LRB- Leslie -RRB- 's one of those people who 's just always lit up , who has this glow about her , and no one can bring her down .
The Wall Street Journal critic Joe Morgenstern felt that despite the occasional misuse of enchantmentâ '' `` brief spasms of overproduced fantasy '' â '' the novel 's screen adaption was told with `` agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters '' .
Director CsupÃ stated that they had no actors initially in mind for the film .
Hutcherson won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Leading Young Actor '' , Robb won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Leading Young Actress '' , and Bailee Madison won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Young Actress Age Ten or Younger '' .
The DVD and high definition Blu-ray version shared the same special features ; including : `` Digital Imagination : Bringing Terabithia to Life '' , `` Behind the Book : The Themes of Bridge to Terabithia '' , `` Keep Your Mind Wide Open '' music video by Robb , and two audio commentaries , the first with director Gabor Csupo , writer Jeff Stockwell , and producer Hal Lieberman , and the second with producer Lauren Levine and actors Hutcherson and Robb .
The film has a worldwide gross of US$ 120 million , taking in $ 80 million in the US and Canada alone .
Producer and screenwriter David L. Paterson is the novel 's author 's son , and his name was featured on its dedication page .
After school they venture into the woods and swing across a creek on a rope .
Film editing took ten weeks , while post-production , music mixing , and visual effects took a few months .
When he asked his mother if he could write a screenplay of the novel , she agreed because of his ability as a playwright .
Josh Hutcherson was nominated at the 2008 Saturn Awards for `` Best Performance by a Younger Actor '' .
She might be physically different from Leslie in the book , but the spirit of Leslie and the spirit of AnnaSophia are nearly identical .
The film had a strong second place domestic opening over the Presidents ' Day weekend , grossing `` a higher-than-expected '' $ 28,536,717 from 2,284 screens , earning an average of $ 9,885 per screen .
There were around 100 crew members from Weta working on the effects for the film .
At recess , Jesse enters a running event , for which he had been training at home .
Josh Hutcherson was not their first choice for the role of Jesse Aarons , but they settled with him because they `` felt the chemistry between AnnaSophia Robb and him '' .
Once Leslie 's parents finish writing their book , she and Jesse help paint their house .
The film features a musical score by Aaron Zigman , who was hired after Alison Krauss backed out of the job .
Production began in February 2006 , and the film was finished by November .
At school on Friday , Leslie hears Janice Avery crying in the bathroom .
The consensus from critics was the film was `` a faithful adaptation of a beloved children 's novel and a powerful portrayal of love , loss , and imagination through children 's eyes .
The film received positive reviews ; critics called it a faithful adaption of the children 's novel , and found dynamic visuals and natural performances further enhanced the imaginative film .
CsupÃ explained that `` it was a very conscious decision from the very beginning that we 're not going to overdo the visual effects because of the story 's integrity and the book 's integrity '' , because there was only a brief mention of Jesse and Leslie fighting imaginary creatures in the forest in the novel .
The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name , and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures in the US .
Robb also conversed with producer Lauren Levine before casting even began , and `` their conversation convinced her that , without a doubt , AnnaSophia was meant for this role '' .
In designing the fantasy creatures found in Terabithia , CsupÃ wanted to make creatures that were `` little more artsy , imaginative , fantastical creatures than the typical rendered characters you see in other movies '' , and drew inspiration from Terry Gilliam and Ridley Scott .
The film won five awards at the Young Artist Awards , including `` Best Family Feature Film -LRB- Fantasy or Musical -RRB- '' .
Morgenstern thought CsupÃ lacked experience directing actors , and that although Deschanel was the best adult performer , she seemed self-directed .
Bridge to Terabithia tells the story of Jesse Aarons and Leslie Burke , ten-year-old neighbors who create a fantasy world called Terabithia and spend their free time together in an abandoned tree house .
The reviewer praised all the leads for their strong performances , especially Deschanel and Madison .
Claudia Puig of USA Today wrote that `` for a movie about the power of imagination , Bridge to Terabithia is not as clever as you would hope '' .
Jessica Grose of The Village Voice commended director CsupÃ for omitting `` cutesy tween stereotypes '' , and felt Jesse 's relationship with his father elevated Bridge to Terabithia from `` a good kids movie to a classic contender '' .
While Paterson focused on `` bringing out the emotions of the story , '' he admitted to having difficulty writing about Terabithia `` because it was too close '' .
In class , Jesse is teased by classmates Scott Hoager -LRB- Cameron Wakefield -RRB- and Gary Fulcher -LRB- Elliot Lawless -RRB- , and meets a new student his age by the name Leslie Burke -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb -RRB- .
Later in the evening , Jesse becomes frustrated when he finds that May Belle has drawn in his notebook , but his mom and his strict father -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- sides with her .
Later , he gives her a puppy , whom she decides to name Prince Terrien -LRB- shortened to P.T. -RRB- .
Ann Hornaday of The Washington Post praised the script for being `` utterly recognizable and authentic '' , and thought Robb and Hutcherson were `` perfectly cast '' .
The reviewer found the real-life portions of the movie were `` derivative and simplistic '' , but found Jesse 's emotional tumult felt `` powerfully authentic , and this is where the film finds its truth and soul '' .
CsupÃ said that they cast Bailee Madison as May Belle Aarons after weeks of searching for an actress to play the part .
Principal photography was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days .
CsupÃ stated that he was interested in making the film because he `` had the ambition to do a live-action film for a long time '' , but that he `` did n't like anything until I read this book '' .
He went on to say that `` she had such a charm , even before the camera , she was just like a little sweetheart .
Bridge to Terabithia was released theatrically in the U.S. and Canada on February 16 , 2007 .
Dynamic visuals and natural performances further enhance the imaginative film '' .
Screenwriter David Paterson is Katherine Paterson 's son , and the novel is based on parts of his childhood .
The film premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on February 16 , 2007 .
Hornaday wrote that although the final five minutes succumbed to `` oversweet sentiment '' , viewers would remember the film 's `` warmth and respect with which it pays homage to first love '' .
First , natural-looking creatures were created based on pencil sketches by CsupÃ and Malanitchev , and this was done mostly through Photoshop collages done by visual effects art director Michael Pangrazio .
Morgenstern was disappointed with the performances by the young members of the cast , which he described as `` appealing but unpolished '' .
It was a match made in heaven . ''
We needed someone who could go from an introverted boy in an isolated world to someone who completely taps into his imagination and becomes a confident , brave leader in Terabithia .
That 's a heck of a range for such a young actor . ''
James Berardinelli of ReelViews called Bridge to Terabithia `` easily the best family feature of the early year '' .
Jesse Aarons -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- is a fifth grader aspiring artist living with his financially-struggling family in Lark Creek , Virginia .
Weta was already working on animating the creatures while the film was being shot , and Weta crew members were on-set for all the scenes that involved special effects during the filming .
After Leslie talks with her , she discovers that the reason why Janice is a bully is that she is abused by her father , and they become friends .
Weta visual effects supervisor Matt Aitken explained that process involved in interpreting the creatures was `` split into two steps '' .
Principal photography for the film was shot in Auckland , New Zealand within sixty days .
Once in Terabithia , they fight with various creatures , including a troll resembling Janice .
Puig called the film a `` serviceable translation '' of the novel , but thought the adult characters were caricatured .
Bridge to Terabithia is a 2007 fantasy drama film directed by GÃ bor CsupÃ and adapted for film by David L. Paterson and Jeff Stockwell .
AnnaSophia Robb was nominated for a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for `` Best Young Actress '' .
The film opened in the UK on May 4 , 2007 , and in New Zealand June 7 , 2007 .
Jesse tells her that she should not brag about the Twinkies .
Zigman mentioned that there are similarities between the music he composed for Bridge to Terabithia and the film Flicka in that '' ... at times there 's a bit of a Celtic influence but not much '' , but he also went on to say that there was a more modern feel to the music he composed for Bridge to Terabithia .
He rides the bus to school with his little sister May Belle -LRB- Bailee Madison -RRB- , where he avoids the school bully Janice Avery -LRB- Lauren Clinton -RRB- .
Miriam di Nunzio of the Chicago Sun-Times praised Hutcherson and Robb 's performances , saying that `` the film 's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children 's eyes .
Despite the critical acclaim , not all reviews were as positive .
The film was directed by GÃ bor CsupÃ , who was first recommended for the job by Walden Media President Cary Granat .
CsupÃ chose to have Weta Digital render the 3D animation because he `` was impressed with their artistic integrity , the teamwork , the -LRB- fact that -RRB- people were really nice , and also they responded to our designs very positively . ''
She was very confident , she showed up shook hands with everybody , totally sweet and perky .
Although CsupÃ had never worked on a live-action film before , it `` did n't worry Granat in the least '' .
-LRB- -LRB- File : AnnaSophia Robb -LRB- 20050209 -RRB- .
The film was finished by November 2006 , because the crew `` had to rush '' to meet the February 16 deadline .
Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday , much to his delight .
The New York Times critic Jeannette Catsoulis believed that the fantasy was kept in the background `` to find magic in the everyday '' , and thought CsupÃ directed `` like someone intimate with the pain of being different , allowing each personality more than a single characteristic '' .
Catsoulis found the film was able to handle adult topics `` with nuance and sensitivity '' , and being consistently smart and `` delicate as a spider web '' , it was the kind of children 's movie `` rarely seen nowadays '' .
CsupÃ noted that the two main characters are a little bit older in the film than they are in the book .
jpg thumb upright AnnaSophia Robb 's portrayal of Leslie was praised ; one critic enjoyed her `` engaging '' performance '' , and thought `` only the story 's vibrant young heroine -LRB- ... -RRB- draws us in enough to care '' . -RRB- -RRB-
Paterson had asked his mother , Katherine Paterson , if he could write a screenplay of the novel , and she agreed `` not only because he 's -LRB- her -RRB- son , but also because he 's a very good playwright '' .
The score he composed for the film is described as `` very large '' compared to his other work , and Zigman commented that `` Aside from the minimalist stuff and coloring that I love to do , I also like big orchestral stuff , and want to do more of that , and this film enabled me to spread my wings out a bit . ''
Patrick explained that he related to the story because he was `` constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid '' himself , and that the film 's setting reminded him of where he grew up .
At school , May Belle shows her friend Alexandra what she got in her snack , which are Twinkies .
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 85 % of 137 collected reviews for Bridge to Terabithia were positive , with an average score of 7.1 \/ 10 .
Leslie also enters and manages to beat all the boys , much to Jesse 's irritation .
Production for the film began in February 2006 , with a budget of around $ 20 million .
Robb wrote CsupÃ `` such a beautiful , heartwarming letter '' that expressed her love for the book and the character .
Jesse and Leslie find an abandoned treehouse and a broken down truck on the other side , and invent a new world , which Leslie names `` Terabithia . ''
The next day at school , Leslie compliments Jesse 's drawing ability after seeing his notebook , and they soon become best friends .
Paterson , an alumnus of The Catholic University of America , held a special advance screening of the film for members of the CUA community at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring , Maryland on February 1 , 2007 .
The first actor cast was AnnaSophia Robb as Leslie Burke .
At recess , May Belle screams towards Jesse and Leslie saying that Janice stole her Twinkies .
Levine stated that `` looking for Jess was a really tough hunt .
The fantasy world , which is a reflection on their lives , comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings .
Dima Malanitchev came up with the drawings for the creatures with CsupÃ 's guidance .
Levine said that `` it was just so clear in talking to her about all this fantasy that I was basically talking to Leslie , that she had that same kind of spark and magical presence .
The story was based on his real life best friend , Lisa Hill , who was struck by lightning and killed when they were both eight years old .
CsupÃ said that he cast her because of `` her letter , her enthusiasm , and her love of the material '' .
He described the book as `` beautiful '' and said that it `` moved -LRB- him -RRB- '' .
Bridge to Terabithia was cinematographer Michael Chapman 's final film before his retirement .
Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice 's fee for entering the toilet .
The most important thing for Paterson was to keep the spirit of the book alive while finding a way to transform it from `` a novel that takes place mostly in the characters ' heads to a dynamic visual medium '' .
Jesse is impressed by her parents ' happiness , and smiles as he watches their family .
Paterson knew that the film had to be about friendship and imagination .
Paterson had difficulty marketing the screenplay , mostly because of Leslie 's death ; `` if you can believe this , I did meet with some companies that asked if I could just ` hurt ' Leslie a little bitâ '' put her in a light coma and then bring her out '' .
In 1878 , Corinth was incorporated by the Kentucky State Legislature , which , in the same year , chartered the Corinth Academy .
But , having attracted the notice of Lucius Valerius Flaccus , he was brought to Rome , and successively held the offices of Cursus Honorum : Military tribune -LRB- 214 BC -RRB- , Quaestor -LRB- 204 BC -RRB- , Aedile -LRB- 199 BC -RRB- , Praetor -LRB- 198 BC -RRB- , Consul -LRB- 195 BC -RRB- together with his old patron , and finally Censor -LRB- 184 BC -RRB- .
He was bred , after the manner of his Latin forefathers , to agriculture , to which he devoted himself when not engaged in military service .
He came of an ancient Plebeian family who all were noted for some military service but not for the discharge of the higher civil offices .
Marcus Porcius Cato -LRB- 234 BC , Tusculum -- 149 BC -RRB- was a Roman statesman , commonly surnamed Censorius -LRB- the Censor -RRB- , Sapiens -LRB- the Wise -RRB- , Priscus -LRB- the Ancient -RRB- , or Major , Cato the Elder , or Cato the Censor , to distinguish him from his great-grandson , Cato the Younger .
Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles , originally specializing in local and punk rock bands .
The label was sold to London Records in 1986 .
With the reign of Louis XV , Versailles grew even further .
Located in the western suburbs of the French capital , 17.1 km -LRB- 10.6 mi -RRB- from the center of Paris , the commune of Versailles is the prÃ fecture -LRB- administrative seat -RRB- of the Yvelines department .
Schneider was born in San Francisco , California and grew up in the nearby suburb of Pacifica .
A stand-up comic and veteran of the NBC sketch-comedy series Saturday Night Live , Schneider has gone on to a career in feature films , including starring roles in the comedy films Deuce Bigalow : Male Gigolo , The Hot Chick and Grown Ups .
He is the son of Pilar Schneider -LRB- nÃ e Monroe -RRB- , a former kindergarten teacher and ex-school board president , and Marvin Schneider , a real estate broker .
Schneider graduated from Terra Nova High School in 1982 .
Robert Michael `` Rob '' Schneider -LRB- born October 31 , 1963 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter and director .
The city is part of the New York combined statistical area and is the fifth largest city in New England .
Bridgeport is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Connecticut .
The Tao Te Ching or Dao De Jing -LRB- é `` å 3\/4 ç `` -RRB- , whose authorship has been attributed to Laozi , is a Chinese classic text .
1 â `` 37 -RRB- and the Te Ching -LRB- å 3\/4 ç `` ; chaps . 38 â `` 81 -RRB- , which may have been edited together into the received text , possibly reversed from an original `` Te Tao Ching '' -LRB- see Mawangdui texts below -RRB- .
The received Tao Te Ching is a short text of around 5,000 Chinese characters in 81 brief chapters or sections .
According to tradition , it was written around the 6th century BC by the sage Laozi -LRB- or Lao Tzu , `` Old Master '' -RRB- , a record-keeper at the Zhou Dynasty court , by whose name the text is known in China .
By Lemuel Gulliver , First a Surgeon , and then a Captain of Several Ships , better known simply as Gulliver 's Travels -LRB- 1726 , amended 1735 -RRB- , is a novel by Irish writer and clergyman Jonathan Swift that is both a satire on human nature and a parody of the `` travellers ' tales '' literary sub-genre .
Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World , in Four Parts .
The full Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age .
Stone tools were made from a variety of stone .
By then the dates of the Early Stone Age , or Paleolithic , and Late Stone Age , or Neolithic , were fairly solid and were regarded by Goodwin as absolute .
There are also rotary-valve , or German , trumpets , as well as alto and Baroque trumpets .
A musician who plays the trumpet is called a trumpet player or trumpeter .
Because music written for early trumpets required the use of a different trumpet for each key â '' they did not have valves and therefore were not chromatic â '' and also because a player may choose to play a particular passage on a different trumpet from the one indicated on the written music , orchestra trumpet players are generally adept at transposing music at sight , sometimes playing music written for the B trumpet on the C trumpet , and vice versa .
The studio clips are `` Loud Love '' and `` Hands All Over '' .
The bassist for these performances was Jason Everman .
In addition to the home video , A&M released a promo 12 '' -LRB- on blue vinyl , July 1990 -RRB- and CD -LRB- May 1990 -RRB- with the same title , Louder Than Live .
It also features footage of the band performing two songs in the studio .
It was released on May 22 , 1990 .
The CD came wrapped in brown paper , duct-taped closed with a yellow and black sticker that reads `` Soundgarden : Louder Than Live '' .
In addition to the six other live tracks , it includes `` Hunted Down '' .
Louder Than Live is a home video by the American grunge band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles , California on December 7 , 1989 and December 10 , 1989 .
The vinyl includes the five live tracks from the video in addition to `` Beyond the Wheel '' .
This album has been bootlegged on black vinyl ; genuine copies can be distinguished by the A&M logo .
It features five live tracks filmed during the Louder Than Love tour .
It is on this video that frontman Chris Cornell is seen wearing his infamous silver duct-tape shorts .
The live tracks are `` Get on the Snake '' , `` Gun '' , `` I Awake '' , `` Big Dumb Sex '' , and a medley of Spinal Tap 's `` Big Bottom '' and Cheech & Chong 's `` Earache My Eye '' , with footage from both concerts mixed together .
The center label features a close-up picture of guitarist Kim Thayil 's face .
Louder Than Live was released on VHS only , with no official DVD version available .
Hemoglobin has an oxygen binding capacity of 1.34 ml O2 per gram of hemoglobin , which increases the total blood oxygen capacity seventyfold compared to dissolved oxygen in blood . The mammalian hemoglobin molecule can bind -LRB- carry -RRB- up to four oxygen molecules .
The name hemoglobin is derived from the words heme and globin , reflecting the fact that each subunit of hemoglobin is a globular protein with an embedded heme -LRB- or haem -RRB- group . Each heme group contains one iron atom , that can bind one oxygen molecule through ion-induced dipole forces .
In general , hemoglobin can be saturated with oxygen molecules -LRB- oxyhemoglobin -RRB- , or desaturated with oxygen molecules -LRB- deoxyhemoglobin -RRB- .
In hemolysis -LRB- accelerated breakdown of red blood cells -RRB- , associated jaundice is caused by the hemoglobin metabolite bilirubin , and the circulating hemoglobin can cause renal failure .
Romeu Pellicciari , also known as Romeu -LRB- born in Jundiai , March 26 , 1911 -- died in SÃ # o Paulo , July 15 , 1971 -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
On January 20 , 2006 , an explosion occurred in the underground Carola-Agustina copper mine in CopiapÃ , Chile , after two trucks collided , covering the only escape route for the miners inside the mine .
The explosion caused two deaths and two injuries . 70 miners were trapped .
Shortly after the explosion occurred , workers at the nearby mine , `` Punta de Cobre '' , began digging a tunnel towards the Carola-Agustina mine to assist in rescuing the trapped miners .
Horebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
In 1962 , after Franklin 's death , Watson , Crick , and Wilkins jointly received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
Past episodes of melting and volcanism at the shallower levels of the mantle have produced a thin crust of crystallized melt products near the surface , upon which we live .
The gases evolved during the melting of Earth 's mantle have a large effect on the composition and abundance of Earth 's atmosphere .
The exposed site lies approximately three kilometres beneath the ocean surface and covers thousands of square kilometres .
A thin crust , the upper part of the lithosphere , surrounds the mantle and is about 5 to 75 km thick .
On 5 March 2007 , a team of scientists on board the RRS James Cook embarked on a voyage to an area of the Atlantic seafloor where the mantle lies exposed without any crust covering , mid-way between the Cape Verde Islands and the Caribbean Sea .
Two main zones are distinguished in the upper mantle : the inner asthenosphere composed of flowing rock in the state of plasticity , about 200 km thick , and the lowermost part of the lithosphere , composed of rigid rock , about 50 to 120 km thick .
The uppermost mantle plus overlying crust are relatively rigid and form the lithosphere , an irregular layer with a maximum thickness of perhaps 200 km .
Bruce Arena -LRB- born September 21 , 1951 in Brooklyn , New York -RRB- is a former coach of the United States men 's national soccer team as well as a former professional soccer and lacrosse player .
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia , who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility , Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
Blakesburg is a city in Wapello County , Iowa , United States .
The Fiorino used the same engines as Fiat 127 .
Roquetoire is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is best known for the events of November 18 , 1978 in Guyana , in which 918 people died at the Peoples Temple Agricultural Project -LRB- informally , and now commonly , called `` Jonestown '' -RRB- , a nearby airstrip at Port Kaituma , and Georgetown .
Bridget Jane Fonda -LRB- born 27 January 1964 -RRB- is an American actress .
Fonda was born in Los Angeles , California into a family of actors including her grandfather Henry Fonda , her father Peter Fonda , and her aunt Jane Fonda .
HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur -LRB- anglicized Hafnarfjordur -RRB- is a port town located on the south-west coast of Iceland , about 10 km south of ReykjavÃ k. It is the third most populous city in Iceland , after ReykjavÃ k and KÃ pavogur , with a population of 26,003 .
The population of HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur reached 25,000 on February 29 , 2008 .
HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur has three swimming pools , despite its low population . This is common for any town in Iceland , due to the geothermal energy .
Saint-Gen Ã s-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Clemson University -LRB- Ë klÉ msÉ n -RRB- is an American public , coeducational , land-grant , sea-grant , research university located in Clemson , South Carolina .
The origins of thrash metal are generally traced to the late 1970s and early 1980s , when a number of bands began incorporating the sound of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal , creating a new genre and developing into a separate movement from punk rock and hardcore .
This genre is more aggressive compared to its relative , speed metal , and can be seen in part to be a reaction to the lighter , more widely acceptable sounds and themes of glam metal .
Thrash metal is directly responsible for the offshoot of popular underground metal genres , such as death metal and black metal .
Toulon has a number of museums .
Eschborn is a town near Frankfurt am Main in the Main-Taunus district , Hesse , Germany .
Suhl is a town in Thuringia , Germany .
According to a local Thuringian joke , `` Suhl is so close to the edge of the world you can see Zella-Mehlis '' .
Its population in 2003 was 43,610 .
Eden is a city in Jerome County , Idaho , United States .
Saint-Maurice-d ` Ard Ã che is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Rathbun is a city in Appanoose County , Iowa , United States .
Mesen -LRB- Messines in French , formerly used in English -RRB- is a city located in the Belgian province of West Flanders . The municipality only comprises the town of Mesen proper .
Rock formed almost entirely of calcic plagioclase feldspar -LRB- see below -RRB- is known as anorthosite .
Feldspars crystallize from magma in both intrusive and extrusive igneous rocks , as veins , and are also present in many types of metamorphic rock .
The dough must be kneaded by hand or with a low-speed mixer .
The bottom of the pizza , called the `` crust '' , may vary widely according to styleâ '' thin as in a typical hand-tossed pizza or Roman pizza , or thick as in a typical pan pizza or Chicago-style pizza .
After the rising process , the dough must be formed by hand without the help of a rolling pin or other machine , and may be no more than 3 mm -LRB- â
They can be made with ingredients like San Marzano tomatoes , which grow on the volcanic plains to the south of Mount Vesuvius , and mozzarella di bufala Campana , made with the milk from water buffalo raised in the marshlands of Campania and Lazio in a semi-wild state -LRB- this mozzarella is protected with its own European protected designation of origin -RRB- .
There are three official variants : pizza marinara , which is made with tomato , garlic , oregano and extra virgin olive oil -LRB- although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara -RRB- , pizza Margherita , made with tomato , sliced mozzarella , basil and extra-virgin olive oil , and pizza Margherita extra made with tomato , mozzarella from Campania in fillets , basil and extra virgin olive oil .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- In pizza restaurants -LRB- pizzerias -RRB- , pizza is served in a dish in its traditional round shape .
This pizza is cooked in long , rectangular baking pans and relatively thick -LRB- 1 â `` 2 cm -RRB- .
The major pizza restaurants in Malaysia are Domino 's , Pizza Hut , Papa John 's , Jom Pizza , Sure Pizza and etc.
It is usually cut with scissors or a knife and sold by weight .
Neapolitan pizza -LRB- pizza napoletana -RRB- : Authentic Neapolitan pizzas are typically made with tomatoes and Mozzarella cheese .
The crust is similar to that of an English muffin , and the pizza is often cooked in an electric oven .
According to the rules proposed by the Associazione Vera Pizza Napoletana , the genuine Neapolitan pizza dough consists of wheat flour -LRB- type 0 or 00 , or a mixture of both -RRB- , natural Neapolitan yeast or brewer 's yeast , salt and water .
Lazio style : Pizza in Lazio -LRB- Rome -RRB- , as well as in many other parts of Italy , is available in two different styles : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Take-away shops sell pizza rustica or pizza al taglio .
When cooked , it should be crispy , tender and fragrant .
Many of western Pizza restaurants have been localized , such as invention of Tom Yom Pizza , Hot and Spicy and so on . The major pizza restaurants in Malaysia are Domino 's , Pizza Hut , Papa John 's , Jom Pizza , Sure Pizza and etc.
Valya Mladenova Balkanska -LRB- born 8 January 1942 -RRB- is a Bulgarian folk music singer from the Rhodope Mountains known locally for her wide repertoire of Balkan folksong , but in the West mainly for singing the song `` Izlel e Delyu Haydutin '' , part of the Voyager Golden Record selection of music included in the two Voyager spacecraft launched in 1977 .
In 2002 , Balkanska was awarded the Stara Planina Orden -LRB- the highest Bulgarian award -RRB- .
Her album Glas ot vechnostta -LRB- Voice from the Eternity -RRB- , released in 2004 , is a compilation of her best known songs , including `` A bre yunache ludo i mlado '' , `` Goro le goro zelena '' , and `` Maychinko stara maychinko '' .
She was honored with her own star plate on the Bulgarian Walk of Fame in Sofia in December 2005 .
It established Boeing as one of the largest makers of passenger aircraft , and led to the later series of aircraft with `` 7x7 '' designations .
Although it was not the first commercial jet in service , the 707 was among the first to be commercially successful .
Dominating passenger air transport in the 1960s , and remaining common throughout the 1970s , the 707 is generally credited with ushering in the Jet Age .
The Boeing 707 is a four-engine narrow-body commercial passenger jet airliner developed by Boeing in the early 1950s .
Its name is most commonly pronounced as `` Seven Oh Seven '' .
Boeing delivered a total of 1,011 Boeing 707s including a smaller , faster model of the aircraft that was marketed as the Boeing 720 .
Their cities were sacked ; the governors , viceroys and kings of Susa , Barhashe , and neighboring districts became vassals of Akkad , and the Akkadian language made the official language of international discourse .
He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic , centrally ruled empire , although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim .
During Sargon 's reign , Akkadian was standardized and adapted for use with the cuneiform script previously used in the Sumerian language .
He ruled from a new capital , Akkad -LRB- Agade -RRB- , which the Sumerian king list claims he built -LRB- or possibly renovated -RRB- , on the left bank of the Euphrates .
Sargon 's vast empire is known to have extended from Elam to the Mediterranean Sea , including Mesopotamia , parts of modern-day Iran and Syria , and possibly parts of Anatolia and the Arabian peninsula .
The very first public version of Blockland was v0002 . The `` Globe and Mail '' wrote an article on this early version of Blockland in which Eric claimed the game had gained 20,000 users in the 10 days since it `` became big '' .
However , at one point , Lego was in talks with Eric about selling Blockland .
Blockland has also been featured on Shack News .
Blockland is a multiplayer computer game built on the Torque Game Engine , in which players build using Lego-like building blocks .
Willem Einthoven -LRB- Semarang , May 21 , 1860 -- Leiden , September 29 , 1927 -RRB- was a Dutch doctor and physiologist .
He invented the first practical electrocardiogram -LRB- ECG or EKG -RRB- in 1903 and received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1924 for it .
On 5 March 1865 at Wascoe 's Inn in the Blue Mountains on his way to Sydney to seek redress , Pottinger accidentally shot himself in the upper abdomen while boarding a moving coach .
He recovered enough to be moved to the Victoria Club in Sydney where he died intestate on 9 April 1865 and was succeeded by his brother , Henry , as 3rd Baronet .
Posted to the Lachlan , he proved himself an indefatigable but unlucky hunter of bushrangers .
He was buried at St Jude 's Anglican Church , Randwick .
In May 1863 the inspector-general had directed the police to act on their own initiative .
Protest meetings against his dismissal were held on the diggings and in the towns , with petitions for his reappointment .
On the night of 9 and 10 August Pottinger and a party of police surrounded the house of Gardiner 's mistress , Kate Brown , but the bushranger escaped when Pottinger 's pistol misfired .
He later captured Patrick Daley , but on 17 August 1864 failed to arrest James Alpin McPherson .
Probably because of conditions imposed by his family who still supported him with funds , Pottinger kept his title secret but in 1860 it was discovered by the inspector-general of police , John McLerie , and promotion came rapidly .
On 27 September 1862 Pottinger had appeared before a Bathurst court on a charge of assault .
Under the 1862 Police Regulation Act Pottinger was appointed an inspector of police for the Western District .
They arrested a young boy on suspicion of being an accomplice and allowed him to remain in the lock-up without comforts ; his death in March 1863 from gaol fever further diminished Pottinger 's reputation .
In April 1862 he arrested Ben Hall at Forbes on a charge of highway robbery , but he was acquitted .
Soon afterwards Hall joined Frank Gardiner 's gang which on 15 June 1862 robbed the Lachlan escort of some Â # 14,000 .
They escaped several days later in a gun battle but Pottinger recovered the stolen gold taken by the prisoners .
Meanwhile the bushrangers in his district became more active .
Early in January 1865 hoping to lure Hall and his associate , fellow bushranger John Dunn , into the open , Pottinger rode in the Wowingragong races in breach of police regulations .
In November he became clerk of petty sessions at Dubbo and on 1 October 1861 assistant superintendent of the Southern Mounted Patrol .
B ` Day Anthology Video Album is a video album , released by the American R&B singer-songwriter BeyoncÃ Knowles , it was released alongside B ` Day : Deluxe Edition on April 3 , 2007 .
The alliance of the three powers , supplemented by various agreements with Portugal , Japan , the United States , Brazil and Spain , constituted a powerful counterweight to the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary , and Italy .
The Triple Entente -LRB- from French entente `` agreement '' -RRB- was the name given to the alliance among Great Britain , France and Russia after the signing of the Anglo-Russian Entente in 1907 .
Jazz piano has played a leading role in developing the sound of jazz .
For this reason it is an important tool of jazz musicians and composers for teaching and learning jazz theory and set arrangement .
Jazz piano is a collective term for the techniques pianists use when playing jazz .
The piano has been an integral part of the jazz idiom since its inception , in both solo and ensemble settings .
Its role is multifaceted due largely to the instrument 's combined melodic and harmonic capabilities .
Along with the guitar , vibraphone , and other keyboard instruments , the piano is one of the instruments in a jazz combo that can play both single notes and chords rather than only single notes as does the saxophone or trumpet .
He currently plays for Kashima Antlers .
Toru Araiba is a Japanese football defender .
It is black-and-white and was co-directed by Melina and Knowles for the B ` Day Anthology Video Album , which was released the same month ; it was one of eight videos shot in two weeks for the album .
Though Knowles is from Texas , she had never previously been on mechanical bull .
Knowles rehearsed the pole dancing using two ballet bars , which was when it was decided to add a pole above her head to form an arc .
It begins with Knowles sitting in a chair , wearing men 's clothing and smoking a cigar .
`` Suga Mama '' is a song performed by American R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles for her second studio album , B ` Day -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It was written by Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba Riddick , and produced by Harrison and Knowles .
There were no problems during warm-ups , but the man operating the bull during the video shoot programmed it to go faster , causing Knowles to fall off when she tried to perform tricks such as lifting up her foot , leaning back and turning around .
The `` Suga Mama '' music video was released to British music channels in April 2007 .
The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube , dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed , lying in a circle of light , and riding a mechanical bull .
Knowles said she is meant to `` slowly become a woman '' during the video , adding `` Well , a sexier woman â `` I 'm always a woman . ''
She gets up and begins to pole dance .
The song also derives genres from R&B as well as soul , while sampling Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers ' song `` Searching for Soul '' , written by Chuck Middleton .
To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull , the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second -LRB- see frame rate -RRB- and Knowles sang twice as quickly , but it was n't until 4:00 am that they completed work .
The terms Himalayan wolf and Canis himalayensis have been suggested by several Indian biologists for recognition as a critically endangered canid species , distinct from Canis lupus . In its morphological features , social and reproductive behavior , the Himalayan wolf resembles the Tibetan wolf , Canis lupus chanco .
In When Dinosaurs Roamed America , a pack of Megapnosaurus -LRB- referred to as Syntarsus -RRB- attack an Anchisaurus , only to be scared off by a Dilophosaurus .
Sub Pop is a record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle , Washington in 1986 .
DÃ beln is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , part of the Mittelsachsen district , located at both banks of the river Freiberger Mulde .
What are portals ?
List of portals Featured portals
An area of disturbed weather , partially related to the remnants of Tropical Depression Eight , persisted for several days over the northwest Caribbean Sea and the Yucatan Peninsula .
Although it never attained tropical storm status , the cyclone became better-organized , though when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on September 30 .
It began a westward drift and dissipated over central Alabama on July 7 .
The 1994 Atlantic hurricane season produced seven named tropical cyclones and three hurricanes , a total below the Atlantic hurricane season average . It officially started on June 1 and ended on November 30 , dates which conventionally limit the period during which most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic Ocean .
A tropical wave entered the area , causing an increase in showers and cloudiness .
The first tropical cyclone , Tropical Storm Alberto , developed on June 30 , while the last storm , Hurricane Gordon , dissipated on November 21 .
The wave moved across the Yucatan Peninsula , and developed into a tropical depression on August 29 in the Bay of Campeche .
Early on July 2 , the depression organized into Tropical Storm Alberto . Alberto peaked as a tropical storm with winds of 65 m , and made landfall near Destin , Florida on July 3 .
The depression slowed its forward motion , and dissipated the next day over Guatemala .
The most intense hurricane , Hurricane Florence , peaked as a Category 2 storm with winds of 110 m. Aside from Chris , Florence , and Gordon , none of the storms exceeded tropical storm intensity .
The season was unusual in that it produced no major hurricanes , which are those of Category 3 status or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
A tropical wave that was first noted on August 17 tracked westward and reached the Caribbean Sea on August 26 .
Shortly after Tropical Depression Eight dissipated , another tropical depression formed from a well-defined circulation that moved off the coast of Africa on September 26 .
The eighth depression of the season formed on September 24 in the southwestern Caribbean Sea .
The Left Hand of Darkness is a science fiction novel by Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in 1969 .
It won the 1969 Nebula and 1970 Hugo awards .
Maroon is derived from French marron -LRB- `` chestnut '' -RRB- .
The first recorded use of Maroon as a color name in English was in 1789 .
Maroon is a dark red color .
Jan van Eyck -LRB- or Johannes de Eyck -RRB- -LRB- before c. 1395 â `` before July 9 , 1441 -RRB- was a Flemish painter active in Bruges and considered one of the best Northern European painters of the 15th century .
Jan van Eyck has often been linked as brother to painter and peer Hubert van Eyck , because both have been thought to originate from the same town , Maaseik in Limburg -LRB- Belgium -RRB- . Another brother , Lambert van Eyck is mentioned in Burgundian court documents , and there is a conjecture that he too was a painter , and that he may have overseen the closing of Jan van Eyck 's Bruges workshop .
Standard Occitan , also called Occitan large -LRB- i.e. `` wide Occitan '' -RRB- is a synthesis which respects and admits soft regional adaptations -LRB- which are based on the convergence of previous regional koines -RRB- . So Occitan can be considered as a pluricentric language .
Known also as Lenga d' Ã c in Occitan or Langue d'oc in French -LRB- native name : occitan , lenga d' Ã c -LRB- Ë leÅ É É '' Ë Ã É '' -LRB- k -RRB- -RRB- ; native nickname : la lenga nÃ stra -LRB- `` language of ours '' -RRB- . The name Occitan comes from lenga d' Ã c -LRB- i.e. Ã c language -RRB- , which comes from Ã c , the Occitan word for yes .
Extracellular fluid -LRB- ECF -RRB- usually denotes all body fluid outside of cells .
Revonnas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Anvik is located at -LRB- 62.655659 , -160.209237 -RRB- , west of the Yukon River at the mouth of the Anvik River .
Melide is known worldwide for the famous Swissminiatur , a museum that shows famous buildings in Switzerland presented in miniature form .
Melide is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Manuel Fraga Iribarne -LRB- ; born 23 November 1922 -RRB- is a Spanish People 's Party politician .
He served as the President of the Xunta of Galicia from 1990 to 2005 .
Fraga 's career as one of the key political figures in Spain straddles both General Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and the subsequent transition to democracy .
Naoki Naito -LRB- born 30 May 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Labeaume is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The novels are published by Walker Books in the United Kingdom .
The series is aimed primarily at young adults .
Alex Rider is a series of spy novels by British author Anthony Horowitz about a teenage spy named Alex Rider .
They were initially classified as AM7 before the introduction of TOPS .
The British Rail Class 307 electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh Works from 1954-1956 .
Piscu Vechi is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,950 people .
Afar is a Lowland East Cushitic language spoken in Ethiopia , Eritrea and Djibouti .
Its closest relative is the Saho language .
It is believed to have 1.5 million speakers , the Afar .
It is the county seat of Cotton County .
Walters is a city in Cotton County , Oklahoma , United States .
The platform game -LRB- or platformer -RRB- is a video game genre characterized by requiring the player to jump to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles -LRB- jumping puzzles -RRB- .
It must be possible to control these jumps and to fall from platforms or miss jumps .
Games where jumping is automated completely , such as The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time , fall outside of the genre .
Bernot is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
In 2007 , The New York Times ran an op-ed piece in which Swarthmore professor Nathaniel Deutsch called for the Bush administration to take immediate action to preserve the community :
It is written in a cursive variant of the Parthian chancellory script .
This last office , the highest level of the Mandaean priesthood , has lain vacant for many years .
According to E.S. Drower , the Mandaean Gnosis is characterized by nine features , which appear in various forms in other gnostic sects :
These laws are regularly applied to discriminate against religious and ethnic groups that are not officially recognized , such as the Mandaeans , Ahl-e Haq , and Baha ` i .
The contemporary status of the Mandaeans has prompted a number of American intellectuals and civil rights activists to call upon the U.S. government to extend refugee status to the community .
, Neo-Mandaic ganzeá rÄ nÄ -RRB- and the riÅ amma `` leader of the people . ''
Mani later left the Elkasaites to found his own religion .
The contemporary priesthood can trace its immediate origins to the first half of the 19th century .
One of the chief works of Mandaean scripture , accessible to laymen and initiates alike , is the DraÅ a d-Iahia `` The Book of John the Baptist '' -LRB- text ; German translation -RRB- , which includes a dialogue between John and Jesus .
By 2007 , the population of Mandaeans in Iraq had fallen to approximately 5,000 .
There are small Mandaean diaspora populations in Sweden -LRB- c. 5,000 -RRB- , Australia -LRB- c. 3,500 as of 2006 -RRB- , the USA -LRB- c. 1,500 -RRB- , the UK -LRB- c. 1,000 -RRB- , and Canada .
The language in which the Mandaean religious literature was originally composed is known as Mandaic , and is a member of the Aramaic family of dialects .
Many Mandaean lay people do not speak this language , though some members of the Mandaean community resident in Iran and Iraq continue to speak Neo-Mandaic , a modern version of this language .
Whether groups such as the Elkasaites , the Mughtasila , the Nasoraeans , and the Dositheans can be identified with the Mandaeans or one another is a difficult question .
There are three grades of priesthood in Mandaeism : the tarmidia `` disciples '' -LRB- Neo-Mandaic tarmidÄ nÄ -RRB- , the ganzibria `` treasurers '' -LRB- from Old Persian ganza-bara `` id . ''
Mandaeans recognize several prophets .
While they agree with other gnostic sects that the world is a prison governed by the planetary archons , they do not view it as a cruel and inhospitable one .
Mandaeans do not consider John to be the founder of their religion but revere him as one of their greatest teachers , tracing their beliefs back to Adam .
In Iran the Gozinesh Law -LRB- passed in 1985 -RRB- has the effect of prohibiting Mandaeans from fully participating in civil life .
The Mandaeans have remained separate and intensely privateâ '' reports of them and of their religion have come primarily from outsiders , particularly from the Orientalists J. Heinrich Petermann , Nicholas Siouffi , and Lady Drower .
The members of this sect , like the Mandaeans , wore white and performed baptisms .
Mandaeans believe in marriage and procreation , and in the importance of leading an ethical and moral lifestyle in this world , placing a high priority upon family life .
The colophons attest to the existence of the Mandaeans during the late Arsacid period at the very latest , a fact corroborated by the HarrÄ n GÄ wetÄ legend , according to which the Mandaeans left Judea after the destruction of Jerusalem in the 1st c. AD , and settled within the Arsacid empire .
Although the Ginza continued to evolve under the rule of the Sassanians and the Islamic empires , few textual traditions can lay claim to such extensive continuity .
Traditionally , any ganzeá rÄ who baptizes seven or more ganzeá rÄ nÄ may qualify for the office of riÅ amma , though the Mandaean community has yet to rally as a whole behind any single candidate .
The Elkasaites were a Judeo-Christian baptismal sect which seem to have been related , possibly ancestral , to the Mandaeans -LRB- see Sabians -RRB- .
The GenzÄ RabbÄ is divided into two halvesâ '' the GenzÄ SmÄ lÄ or `` Left Ginza '' and the GenzÄ YeminÄ or `` Right Ginza '' .
There are thought to be between 60,000 and 70,000 Mandaeans worldwide , and until the 2003 Iraq war , almost all of them lived in Iraq .
A basic guide to Mandaean theology does not exist .
The members of this sect , like the Mandaeans , wore white and performed baptisms .
Ibn al-Nadim also mentions a group called the Mughtasila , `` the self-ablutionists '' , who may be identified with one or the other of these groups .
This seems to be a folk etymology without support in the Mandaean texts .
Likewise , the Mandaeans believe that Abraham , Moses , and Muhammad were false prophets , but recognize other prophetic figures from the Abrahamic traditions , such as Adam , his sons Hibil -LRB- Abel -RRB- and Å itil -LRB- Seth -RRB- , and his grandson AnuÅ -LRB- Enosh -RRB- , as well as Nuh -LRB- Noah -RRB- , his son Sam -LRB- Shem -RRB- and his son Ram -LRB- Aram -RRB- .
The corpus of Mandaean literature , though quite large , covers topics such as eschatology , the knowledge of God , and the afterlife only in an unsystematic manner , and , apart from the priesthood , is known only to a few laypeople .
In 1831 , an outbreak of cholera devastated the region and eliminated most if not all of the Mandaean religious authorities .
Mandaeism or Mandaeanism -LRB- Mandaic : Mandaiuta , MandÄ ` iyya , -RRB- is a monotheistic religion with a strongly dualistic worldview .
Other groups which have been identified with the Mandaeans include the `` Nasoraeans '' , described by Epiphanius , and the Dositheans , mentioned by Theodore Bar KÅ nÄ `` in his Scholion .
Other important books include the QolastÄ , the `` Canonical Prayerbook of the Mandaeans '' , which was translated by E.S. Drower -LRB- much of it is found here and here -RRB- .
The latter three they consider to be their direct ancestors .
By consulting the colophons in the Left Ginza , Jorunn J. Buckley has identified an uninterrupted chain of copyists to the late 2nd or early 3rd c. AD .
This law and other gozinesh provisions make access to employment , education , and a range of other areas conditional upon a rigorous ideological screening , the principal prerequisite for which is devotion to the tenets of Islam .
Mandaeans will , however , abstain from strong drink and red meat .
Two of the surviving acolytes -LRB- Å gandia -RRB- , Yahia Bihram and Ram Zihrun , reestablished the priesthood on the basis of their own training and the texts that were available to them .
3rd c. BCE -RRB- and which may be related to the kamnaskires -LRB- Elamite kapnuskir `` treasurer '' -RRB- , title of the rulers of Elymais -LRB- modern Khuzestan -RRB- during the Hellenistic age .
Its adherents , the Mandaeans , revere Adam , Abel , Seth , Enosh , Noah , Shem , Aram and especially John the Baptist .
The Mandaeans have a large corpus of religious scriptures , the most important of which is the GenzÄ RabbÄ or Ginza , a collection of history , theology , and prayers -LRB- German translation available here -RRB- .
They dwelt in east Judea and Assyria , whence the Mandaeans claim to have migrated to southern Mesopotamia , according to the Harran GawaitÄ legend .
At the moment , the highest office currently occupied is that of the ganzeá rÄ , a title which appears first in a religious context in the Aramaic ritual texts from Persepolis -LRB- ca .
Consequently , Mandaeans do not practice celibacy or asceticism .
The Mandaic word k -LRB- a -RRB- daba , however , might be interpreted as being derived from either of two roots : the first root , meaning `` to lie , '' is the one traditionally ascribed to Jesus ; the second , meaning `` to write , '' might provide a second meaning , that of `` book '' ; hence some Mandaeans , motivated perhaps by an ecumenical spirit , maintain that Jesus was not a `` lying Messiah '' but a `` book Messiah '' , the `` book '' in question presumably being the Christian Gospels .
Mandaeism , as the religion of the Mandaean people , is based more on a common heritage than on any set of religious creeds and doctrines .
This would imply that Mani had access to Mandaean religious literature , or both derived from the same source .
Mandaeans maintain that Jesus and Muhammad were mÅ iha kdaba `` false messiahs '' who perverted the teachings entrusted to him by John .
In a comparative analysis , Mandaean scholar SÃ ve-S Ã derberg indicated that Mani 's Psalms of Thomas were closely related to Mandaean texts .
According to the Fihrist of ibn al-Nadim , the Mesopotamian prophet Mani , the founder of Manichaeism , was brought up within the Elkasaites -LRB- Elcesaites or Elchasaite -RRB- sect .
Out of the over 60,000 Mandaeans in Iraq in the early 1990s , only about 5,000 to 7,000 remain there ; as of early 2007 , over 80 % of Iraqi Mandaeans were refugees in Syria and Jordan as a result of the Iraq War .
A spindle is a wooden spike -LRB- known as the shaft -RRB- used for spinning wool , flax , hemp , cotton , and other fibers into thread . It is commonly weighted at either the bottom -LRB- sometimes called a drop spindle -RRB- middle or top , most commonly by a circular or spherical object called a whorl , and may also have a hook , groove or notch , though spindles without these are also common .
For road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three routes .
Mont Ventoux has become legendary as the scene of one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France bicycle race , which has ascended the mountain fourteen times since 1951 .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has been nicknamed the `` Giant of Provence '' , or `` The Bald Mountain '' .
There is a memorial to Simpson near the summit which has become a shrine to fans of cycling , who often leave small tokens of remembrance there .
In the 1960s a 50m-high telecommunications mast was built .
The 15th century saw the construction of a chapel on the top , dedicated to the Holy Cross .
On May 16 , 2006 , Jean-Pascal Roux from BÃ doin broke the record of climbs in 24 hours , with eleven climbs , all of them from BÃ doin .
In 1994 , Eros Poli , not known for his climbing ability , stole away at the beginning of the day 's stage , built up a substantial time gap from the peloton , and was first over the Ventoux and eventual stage winner despite losing a minute of his lead per kilometre of the ascent .
Jean Buridan climbed the mountain early in the fourteenth century ; Petrarch -LRB- accompanied by his brother -RRB- repeated the feat on April 26 , 1336 , and claimed to have been the first to climb the mountain since antiquity , which has been widely repeated since .
Every year there are amateur races to climb the mountain as quickly and often as possible in 24 hours , the Ventoux Masterseries and `` Les CinglÃ s du Mont Ventoux '' .
Amphetamines were found in his jersey and bloodstream .
In 1970 , Eddy Merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse while winning the stage .
He received oxygen , recovered , and won the Tour .
The followed trail mostly passes through BÃ doin .
In 1882 , a meteorological station was constructed on the summit , though it is no longer in use .
Mont Ventoux -LRB- in classical norm or in Mistralian norm -RRB- is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , located some 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
Acq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
The Province of Potenza is a province in the Basilicata region of Italy .
Rimplas is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Who 's 1971 song `` Baba O'Riley '' was named in part after Meher Baba , and on his first solo album , Who Came First , Townshend recorded the Jim Reeves song `` There 's A Heartache Following Me '' , saying that it was Meher Baba 's favorite song .
Baba said that in other ages this role was fulfilled by Zoroaster , Rama , Krishna , Gautama Buddha , Jesus , and lastly by Muhammad . Meher Baba describes the Avatar as `` a gauge against which man can measure what he is and what he may become .
Izumo -LRB- Japanese : å é å 1\/2 ; Izumo-no-kuni -RRB- was an old province of Japan which today consists of the eastern part of Shimane Prefecture in the ChÅ `` goku Region .
The mythological mother of Japan , the goddess Izanami , is said to be buried on Mt. Hiba , at the border of the old provinces of Izumo and HÅ ki , near modern-day Yasugi of Shimane Prefecture .
Bartow is the county seat of Polk County , Florida , United States .
In the Florida Senate , Bartow is represented by J.D. Alexander . In the United States House of Representatives , Bartow is located in Florida 's 12th congressional district , and represented by Bartow native Congressman Adam Putnam .
The patents will expire in 2011 -- 2012 .
IDEA is an optional algorithm in the OpenPGP standard .
Each round uses six 16-bit sub-keys , while the half-round uses four , a total of 52 for 8.5 rounds .
IDEA operates on 64-bit blocks using a 128-bit key , and consists of a series of eight identical transformations -LRB- a round , see the illustration -RRB- and an output transformation -LRB- the half-round -RRB- .
IDEA derives much of its security by interleaving operations from different groups -- modular addition and multiplication , and bitwise eXclusive OR -LRB- XOR -RRB- -- which are algebraically `` incompatible '' in some sense .
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar .
As of 2007 , the best attack which applies to all keys can break IDEA reduced to 6 rounds -LRB- the full IDEA cipher uses 8.5 rounds -RRB- .
-LRB- Applied Cryptography , 2nd ed . -RRB-
Bruce Schneier thought highly of IDEA in 1996 , writing , `` In my opinion , it is the best and most secure block algorithm available to the public at this time . ''
The designers analyzed IDEA to measure its strength against differential cryptanalysis and concluded that it is immune under certain assumptions .
However , by 1999 he was no longer recommending IDEA due to the availability of faster algorithms , some progress in its cryptanalysis , and the issue of patents .
Today , IDEA is licensed in all the countries where it is patented by MediaCrypt .
In cryptography , the International Data Encryption Algorithm -LRB- IDEA -RRB- is a block cipher designed by James Massey of ETH Zurich and Xuejia Lai and was first described in 1991 .
IDEA is a minor revision of an earlier cipher , PES -LRB- Proposed Encryption Standard -RRB- ; IDEA was originally called IPES -LRB- Improved PES -RRB- .
IDEA was used in Pretty Good Privacy -LRB- PGP -RRB- v2 .0 , and was incorporated after the original cipher used in v1 .0 , BassOmatic , was found to be insecure .
The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the key , with K1 from the first round being the lower sixteen bits ; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits between each group of eight .
The cipher is patented in a number of countries but is freely available for non-commercial use .
The name `` IDEA '' is also a trademark .
The algorithm was intended as a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard -LRB- DES -RRB- .
Some of the artist 's paintings bear a signature , in Armenian letters , `` Hovhannes Aivazian '' -LRB- Õ Õ Õ 3\/4 Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ 1\/2 Ô Õ Õ 3\/4 Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ -RRB- .
Crystal River is a city in Citrus County , Florida , United States .
Charlton Athletic Football Club -LRB- also known as The Addicks -RRB- is a professional English Football league club based in Charlton , in the London Borough of Greenwich , England .
In 1837 a then tiny settlement in Australia was named after William Lamb , 2nd Viscount Melbourne , Queen Victoria 's first Prime Minister , and thus indirectly takes its name from Melbourne Hall , seat of the Lamb family , and the village .
Melbourne is a Georgian market town in South Derbyshire , England .
The town plays host to Melbourne Rugby Football Club , Melbourne United Football Club , and Melbourne Town Cricket Club .
Jean , duc de Bourbon , the most important French prisoner taken at the Battle of Agincourt -LRB- 1416 -RRB- , was detained at the castle for 19 years .
These include the carnival , held every summer , and the carols in the Market Place .
In 1311 Robert de Holand fortified the existing royal manor house to create Melbourne Castle , though the fortification was never completed .
It is about eight miles south of Derby and two miles from the River Trent .
The Town Band continues to play at Melbourne 's events today .
The concept of context assumes significance in the case of interruptible tasks , wherein upon being interrupted the processor saves the context and proceeds to serve the Interrupt service routine .
In computer science , a task context -LRB- process , thread ... -RRB- is the minimal set of data used by this task that must be saved to allow a task interruption at a given date , and a continuation of this task at the point it has been interrupted and at an arbitrary future date .
In small quantities sorrel is harmless ; in large quantities it can be fatal .
It has whorled spikes of reddish-green flowers , which bloom in summer , becoming purplish .
The leaves may be purÃ ed in soups and sauces or added to salads and shav ; they have a flavor that is similar to kiwifruit or sour wild strawberries .
The stamens and pistils are on different plants -LRB- dioecious -RRB- ; the ripe seeds are brown and shining .
Sorrel is a slender plant about 60 cm high , with roots that run deep into the ground , as well as juicy stems and edible , oblong leaves .
Other names for sorrel include spinach dock and narrow-leaved dock .
The plant 's sharp taste is due to oxalic acid , which is a poison .
Common sorrel or garden sorrel -LRB- Rumex acetosa -RRB- , often simply called sorrel , is a perennial herb that is cultivated as a garden herb or leaf vegetable -LRB- pot herb -RRB- .
Common sorrel has been cultivated for centuries .
Biopsy is of Greek origin , coming from the words bio , meaning life , and opsia , meaning to see .
Collinsville is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma , and a part of the Tulsa , Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Besides its economic and political significance Cologne also became an outstanding center of medieval pilgrimage , when Cologne 's Archbishop Rainald of Dassel gave the relics of the Three Wise Men to Cologne 's cathedral in 1164 -LRB- after they in fact had been captured from Milan -RRB- .
Cologne is also famous for Eau de Cologne -LRB- KÃ lnisch Wasser -RRB- .
Madison sought to accomplish this by demonstrating conclusively that the Acts violated the constitution .
Jefferson eagerly sought copies for distribution to Democratic-Republican members of Congress departing for their home states , and when they failed to arrive he entreated Monroe for at least one copy that he could reproduce .
Parties outside Virginia seemed uninterested in the rehashing of the 1798 Resolutions , and in other states there was very little public comment .
Other cases to cite the Report for a similar purpose include Thornhill v. Alabama -LRB- 1940 -RRB- and Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles expressed in the Virginia Resolutions .
In the 1957 Roth v. United States opinion by William Brennan , Madison 's Report is cited as evidence that `` the fundamental freedoms of speech and press have contributed greatly to the development and well-being of our free society and are indispensable to its continued growth . ''
As well , Madison attacked Federalist carriage laws and bank laws as unconstitutional .
In defense of Virginia Democratic-Republicans and the Resolutions , Madison emphasized that even if one disagreed with the compact theory , the Virginia Resolutions and the Report of 1800 themselves were simply protests , which states were surely entitled to produce .
Madison thought the Resolutions and Report were consistent with this principle while the Ordinance of Nullification was not .
Though it had little impact on the immediate election , Madison 's Report clarified the legal argument against the Acts and for states ' rights in general , particularly in its advancement of the Tenth Amendment rather than the Ninth as the main bulwark against federal encroachment on state autonomy .
The arguments made in the Resolutions and the Report were later used frequently during the nullification crisis of 1832 , when South Carolina declared federal tariffs to be unconstitutional and void within the state .
To remedy the defects revealed by the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts , Madison called for citizens to have an absolute right to free speech .
Freedom of the press was necessary , because `` chequered as it is with abuses , the world is indebted to the press for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression . ''
Contrary to the Sedition Act , the federal government had no power to protect officials from dissent or libelous attack , beyond the protection it accorded to every citizen ; indeed , such special intervention against the press was `` expressly forbidden by a declaratory amendment to the constitution . ''
Madison won over Jefferson , who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that : `` From -LRB- this position -RRB- I retreat readily , not only in deference to -LRB- Madison 's -RRB- judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations , so these , when they occur , will be cause enough of themselves . ''
The measure came before the House of Delegates , the lower house of the General Assembly , on January 2 .
These replies contended that the Supreme Court of the United States had the ultimate responsibility for deciding whether federal laws were constitutional , and that the Alien and Sedition Acts were constitutional and necessary .
However , James Monroe , who would become Governor of Virginia before the end of the year , visited Jefferson at Monticello and cautioned him against meeting with Madison , since another meeting between two of the most important Democratic-Republican leaders would provoke significant public comment .
The state governments themselves , no less than the federal judiciary , possess only delegated power and therefore can not decide questions of fundamental importance .
This resolution had been the principal target of the Federalist attack on the Resolutions .
Particularly at issue was the sense in which the states were parties to the federal compact .
The basic message was that the states were the ultimate parties constituting the federal compact , and that therefore the individual states were ultimate arbiters of whether the compact had been broken by the usurpation of power .
The Report was received warmly by Virginia Democratic-Republicans .
The Alien Act granted the President the unenumerated power of deporting friendly aliens .
The most significant of these were the Alien and Sedition Acts , four laws that allowed the President to deport aliens at will , required a longer period of residence before aliens could become citizens , and made it a crime to publish malicious or defamatory material against the government or its officials .
Henry Clay said on the floor of the House of Representatives that it was from the Report of 1800 , above other documents , that he had developed his own theories on constitutional interpretation .
At the time , some leading Virginia Democratic-Republican figures such as Rep. William Branch Giles -LRB- in public -RRB- and Taylor -LRB- in private -RRB- actually were contemplating disunion , and the Virginia General Assembly chose this juncture for finally constructing a new state armory in Richmond , so there was some truth to the charge .
They were `` expressions of opinion , unaccompanied with any other effect than what they may produce on opinion by exciting reflection . ''
The Resolutions , usually discussed together with Thomas Jefferson 's contemporaneous Kentucky Resolutions , were a response to various perceived outrages perpetrated by the Federalist-dominated national government .
According to Kevin Gutzman , the Report , together with the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions , forms a foundation for the `` radical southern states ' rights tradition . ''
The first major goal of the Resolutions was to bring about the repeal of the Alien and Sedition Acts by generating public opposition that would be expressed through the state legislatures .
The General Assembly arranged for five thousand copies to be printed and distributed in the state , but there was not much public response to the Report , and it appears to have had relatively little impact on the presidential election of 1800 -LRB- which was , nevertheless , a major victory for the Democratic-Republicans and a repudiation of Federalist policies -RRB- .
Jefferson underlined the importance of this work in a November 26 letter to Madison in which he identified `` protestations against violations of the true principles of our constitution '' as one of the four primary elements of the Democratic-Republican Party plan .
Adopted by the Virginia General Assembly in January 1800 , the Report amends arguments from the 1798 Virginia Resolutions and attempts to resolve contemporary criticisms against the Resolutions .
Madison writes that the ability to prosecute speech amounts to `` a protection of those who administer the government , if they should at any time deserve the contempt or hatred of the people , against being exposed to it . ''
In more recent years , the main practical interest in the Report has been its absolutist understanding of the First Amendment .
H. Jefferson Powell , a modern jurist , identifies three persistent themes of Democratic-Republican constitutionalism which emerged from the Resolutions and the Report : -LRB- 1 -RRB- a textual approach to the Constitution , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the compact theory , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- that caution , not trust , should characterize our approach to those who hold political power .
A major item on his agenda was the defense of the General Assembly 's 1798 Virginia Resolutions , of which Madison had been the draftsman .
The Report of 1800 , Madison argued , did not say the government was a compact of the individual states , as the pro-nullification elements suggested .
Multiple Supreme Court decisions have cited the case as evidence of the Framers ' ideas on free speech .
The reason for the criticism was that the General Assembly , led in the effort by state-sovereignty advocate John Taylor of Caroline , had put a state-sovereignty spin on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798 despite Madison 's hopes .
The Report of 1800 was a resolution drafted by James Madison arguing for the sovereignty of the individual states under the United States Constitution and against the Alien and Sedition Acts .
However , Madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners .
Once at Richmond , Madison began drafting the Report , though he was delayed by a weeklong battle with dysentery .
The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Democratic-Republican principles .
In modern scholarship outside the legal arena the Report is mostly studied for its discussion of states ' rights with regard to federalism and republicanism .
The Virginia Resolutions had in the year since publication received highly critical replies from state legislatures , including those of New York , Delaware , and the five New England states .
Madison , a member of the Democratic-Republican Party , was elected to the Democratic-Republican-dominated Virginia General Assembly from Orange County in 1799 .
Despite Jefferson 's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison 's work , the national reaction was tepid .
Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union , which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above .
The Assembly session began in early December .
The Federalists accused the Democratic-Republicans of seeking disunion , even contemplating violence .
Democratic-Republicans were outraged by the legislation , and Madison and Jefferson drafted the highly critical Resolutions adopted in response by the Virginia and Kentucky state legislatures .
Rather the Report of 1800 described a compact of `` the people in each of the States , acting in their highest sovereign capacity . ''
The Report was the last important explication of the Constitution produced before the 1817 Bonus Bill veto message by Madison , who has come to be regarded as the `` Father of the Constitution . ''
More generally , the Report made the argument in favor of the sovereignty of the individual states , for which it is best known .
The Report was ultimately amended to provide greater clarity on this issue by emphasizing that when the Virginians claimed that the `` states '' were parties to the federal Constitution , the referent of the word `` state '' was the sovereign people of the particular state .
Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , examining Jefferson 's later writing , conclude that Madison had a significant role `` in softening Jefferson 's more extreme views . ''
This doctrine is known as the compact theory .
At the very least , Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Democratic-Republicans .
The committee members were Madison , John Taylor , William Branch Giles , George Keith Taylor , John Wise , John Mercer , and William Daniel .
At some point in the next two weeks , it passed the Senate by a margin of 15 to 6 .
Spencer Roane described it as `` the Magna Charta on which the republicans settled down , after the great struggle in the year 1799 . ''
On December 23 , Madison moved for the creation of a special seven-member committee with himself as chairman to respond to `` certain answers from several of the states , relative to the communications made by the Virginia legislature at their last session . ''
Either formulation would help the Democratic-Republican cause by refuting the finality of any constitutional interpretation advanced by the Congress and federal judiciary , both of which were dominated by Federalists .
The Report supported a strict interpretation of the First Amendment .
The amended Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40 .
In response to this letter , Madison visited Jefferson at Monticello during the first week of September .
The task of writing the Virginia Report was left solely to Madison .
Jefferson hoped for further involvement with the production of the Report and planned to visit Madison at Montpelier on his way to Philadelphia , the national capital , for the winter session of the United States Congress .
While the Federalists interpreted the amendment as limiting the power of Congress over the press , but implying that such power existed , Madison argued that the First Amendment wholly prohibited Congress from any interference with the press .
Whether Madison 's theory of Republicanism really supported the nullification movement , and more broadly whether the ideas he expressed between 1798 and 1800 are consistent with his work before and after this period , are the main questions surrounding the Report in the modern literature .
Madison rejected the concept of nullification and the notion that his arguments supported such a practice .
It was the presence of this argument in the Resolutions that had allowed the Federalists to paint the Democratic-Republicans as leaning toward secession ; in the amended Report the line is moderated , with an emphasis that it is the states as political societies of the people -LRB- and therefore , one reads in , not the state legislatures alone -RRB- which possess this power .
Laying into the Acts in his Report , Madison described many breaches of constitutional limits .
The next day , Christmas Eve , the committee produced a first version of the Report .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
The iron compounds produced on the largest scale in industry are iron -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate -LRB- FeSO4 Â 7H2O -RRB- and iron -LRB- III -RRB- chloride -LRB- FeCl3 -RRB- .
Iron reacts with oxygen in the air to form various oxide and hydroxide compounds ; the most common are iron -LRB- II , III -RRB- oxide -LRB- Fe3O4 -RRB- , and iron -LRB- III -RRB- oxide -LRB- Fe2O3 -RRB- .
Alta Vista is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
He has been working for an international industrial company for several years and only writes in his leisure .
He first graduated in architecture and then in social sciences and worked as scientific clerk .
He lives in Herne in the Ruhr with his wife and his dog .
Jan Zweyer , born 12 December 1953 in Frankfurt -LRB- Main -RRB- , is a German writer .
Jan Zweyer is only his pen name . His real name is RÃ 1\/4 diger Richartz .
Zweyer writes detective stories which deal in the Ruhr and are very popular in Northrhine-Westphalia because of its naturalistic descriptions .
It accepts charitable donations , and rather than directly funding organizations , it produces `` face-to-face events and offers online resources to help grassroots organizations get off the ground and contribute real value to the community '' .
London was the first city outside North America .
After incorporation as a private for-profit company in 1999 , Craigslist expanded into nine more U.S. cities in 2000 , four in 2001 and 2002 each , and 14 in 2003 .
In November 2004 , Amsterdam , Bangalore , Paris , SÃ # o Paulo , and Tokyo became the first cities outside primarily English-speaking countries .
Its main source of revenue is paid job ads in select cities â `` $ 75 per ad for the San Francisco Bay Area ; $ 25 per ad for New York City , Los Angeles , San Diego , Boston , Seattle , Washington , D.C. , Chicago , Philadelphia , Orange County -LRB- California -RRB- and Portland , Oregon â `` and paid broker apartment listings in New York City -LRB- $ 10 per ad -RRB- .
In 2009 , Craigslist operated with a staff of 28 people .
Vancouver , British Columbia was the first non-U.S. city included .
The site serves over 20 billion page views per month , putting it in 37th place overall among web sites worldwide and 10th place overall among web sites in the United States -LRB- per Alexa.com on , 2011 -RRB- , with over unique monthly visitors in the United States alone -LRB- per Compete.com on , 2010 -RRB- .
Craigslist is a centralized network of online communities , featuring free online classified advertisements â `` with sections devoted to jobs , housing , personals , for sale , services , community , gigs , rÃ sumÃ s , and discussion forums .
With over new classified advertisements each month , Craigslist is the leading classifieds service in any medium .
Craig Newmark began the service in 1995 as an email distribution list of friends , featuring local events in the San Francisco Bay Area , before becoming a web-based service in 1996 .
The site receives over new job listings each month , making it one of the top job boards in the world .
A large variety of folk instruments are used in the genre with many bands consequently featuring six or more members in their regular line-ups .
It was not until the early 2000s when the genre exploded into prominence , particularly in Finland with the efforts of such groups as Finntroll , Ensiferum , Korpiklaani , Turisas , and Moonsorrow .
Despite their contributions , folk metal remained little known with few representatives during the 1990s .
It was not until 1994 and 1995 that other early contributors in the genre began to emerge from different regions of Europe as well as in Israel .
As the name suggests , the genre is a fusion of heavy metal with traditional folk music .
Among these early groups , the Irish band Cruachan and the German band Subway to Sally each spearheaded a different regional variation that over time became known as Celtic metal and medieval metal respectively .
Folk metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that developed in Europe during the 1990s .
A few bands are also known to rely on keyboards to simulate the sound of folk instruments .
Orphaned Land combines folk metal with progressive and doom\/death metal while Ensiferum mix folk music on top of a power and death metal hybrid . A few groups are also known to incorporate the styles of other music genres outside of heavy metal .
Lyrics in the genre commonly deal with paganism , nature , fantasy , mythology and history .
The earliest exponent of folk metal was the English band Skyclad .
Their debut album The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth was released in 1990 .
This includes the widespread use of folk instruments and , to a lesser extent , traditional singing styles .
The music of folk metal is characterised by its diversity with bands known to perform different styles of both heavy metal music and folk music .
To use the update on any article , insert :
Associazione Sportiva Fortis Trani is an Italian association football club located in Trani , Apulia .
Pujols is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Millbrook is a suburb and former civil parish of Southampton .
Chaley is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Alfredo James `` Al '' Pacino -LRB- born April 25 , 1940 -RRB- is an American film and stage actor and director .
He is famed for playing mobsters , including Michael Corleone in The Godfather trilogy and Tony Montana in Scarface , though he has also appeared several times on the other side of the law â '' as a police officer , detective and a lawyer .
Their daughter , Kyoko Chan Cox , was born two months later on August 3 , 1963 .
After the Beatles disbanded , Lennon and Ono cohabited in London and then in New York . Their relationship was very strained as Lennon faced near-certain deportation from the United States based on the British drug charges and Ono was separated from her daughter , who would have remained behind if Ono followed Lennon back to England .
In 1956 , she married composer Toshi Ichiyanagi .
Himachal Pradesh -LRB- Hindi : à à à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à -RRB- is a state in Northern India .
Bommes is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Each of these variants can bind to a different target , known as an antigen .
Each tip of the `` Y '' of an antibody contains a paratope -LRB- a structure analogous to a lock -RRB- that is specific for one particular epitope -LRB- that is equivalent to a key -RRB- on an antigen , allowing these two structures to bind together with precision .
The production of antibodies is the main function of the humoral immune system .
Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved that allow vertebrate B cells to generate a diverse pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes .
The antibody recognizes a unique part of the foreign target , termed an antigen .
It has been estimated that humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies , each capable of binding a distinct epitope of an antigen .
This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens .
Using this binding mechanism , an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system , or can neutralize its target directly -LRB- for example , by blocking a part of a microbe that is essential for its invasion and survival -RRB- .
Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar , a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable , allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures , or antigen binding sites , to exist .
Hotmail is a free web-based e-mail service by Microsoft . Originally started as an independent service in 1996 , it became part of the MSN family in 1997 .
Building on the success of MSN 's web-based e-mail service , Hotmail , which was acquired by Microsoft in December 1997 , the MSN Messenger Service for instant messaging was launched in 1999 .
NET Messenger Service , ' while Windows Live Messenger is the name of the main program used to access the service .
MSN launched an instant messaging service in 1999 to compete with AOL Instant Messenger , which was originally known as ` MSN Messenger Service ' and was later shortened to simply ` MSN Messenger . '
Some of the MSN services affected by the rebranding included MSN Hotmail , which became Windows Live Hotmail ; MSN Messenger , which became Windows Live Messenger ; MSN Search , which became Live Search -LRB- now known as Bing -RRB- ; MSN Virtual Earth , which became Live Search Maps ; MSN Spaces , which became Windows Live Spaces ; MSN Alerts , which became Windows Live Alerts ; and MSN Groups , which became Windows Live Groups . Some other related services , such as MSN Direct , have remained a part of the MSN family without transitioning to Windows Live .
In 1918 Boult conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in a series of concerts that included important recent British works .
During World War II the BBC Symphony Orchestra was evacuated first to Bristol , where it suffered from bombing , and later to Bedford .
His last public performance was conducting Elgar 's ballet The Sanguine Fan for the London Festival Ballet at London 's Coliseum on 24 June 1978 .
The marriage lasted for the rest of his life .
Robson Ponte -LRB- born November 6 , 1976 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian football player is currently a free agent .
Mesnil-Saint-P Ã re is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Today one difference between Bulgarian dialects in the country and literary spoken Bulgarian is the significant presence of Old Bulgarian words and even word forms in the latter .
Bulgarian -LRB- Ð Ñ Ð '' Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð , -RRB- is an Indo-European language , a member of the Slavic linguistic group .
Hideaki Tominaga -LRB- born 27 August 1976 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Blaublitz Akita .
Stamford is a city in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States .
The River Wey in Surrey , Hampshire and West Sussex is a tributary of the River Thames with two separate branches which join at Tilford .
The town area , which is part of the BrontÃ `` Country , has a population of 51,429 -LRB- 2001 Census -RRB- , making it the third largest civil parish in England .
Keighley has also had a town council since 2002 .
Keighley is a town and civil parish within the metropolitan borough of the City of Bradford in West Yorkshire , England .
Yoshinori Abe is a retired Japanese footballer .
Jay is a town in Franklin County , Maine , United States .
The population was 4,985 at the 2000 census .
Madeleine McCann disappeared on the evening of Thursday , 3 May 2007 . She was on holiday with her parents and twin siblings in the Algarve region of Portugal .
Anctoville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Elin Maria Pernilla Nordegren -LRB- ; born January 1 , 1980 -RRB- is a former Swedish model and the ex-wife of professional golfer Tiger Woods .
It is also known as the tibial collateral ligament , or abbreviated as the MCL .
Stockwell tube station is a London Underground station complex in Stockwell , in the London Borough of Lambeth .
Stockwell station is served by bus routes : 2 , 50 , 88 , 155 , 196 , 333 , 345 , P5 , N2 and N155 .
It is located on the Northern Line between Oval and Clapham North , and on the Victoria Line between Brixton and Vauxhall .
The station is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
It is also the southernmost station on the Northern Line to have an interchange with another Underground line .
Å saka Station is a station on the West Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR West -RRB- located in the Umeda district in Kita-ku , Osaka , Japan .
The company toured while the theater was closed during the Second World War .
Six years later the company was renamed English National Opera .
In 1968 Sadler 's Wells Opera moved from Sadler 's Wells Theatre to the London Coliseum .
It returned as Sadler 's Wells Opera Company , and the theater re-opened with Benjamin Britten 's Peter Grimes , introducing the first English opera composer since Purcell to receive international acclaim -LRB- aside from Arthur Sullivan , who wrote the popular Savoy Operas but only one grand opera -RRB- .
The dancers later separated from Vic-Wells and became the Royal Ballet .
English National Opera -LRB- ENO -RRB- is an opera company based in London , England , resident at the London Coliseum in St. Martin 's Lane .
In 1898 , Lilian Baylis presented a series of opera concerts at the Old Vic theater .
It is one of the two principal opera companies in London , along with the Royal Opera , Covent Garden .
She added a small group of dancers to the company , Sadler 's Wells Theatre opened , and the Vic-Wells Opera Company was formed .
Ninove is a city and municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
There is also a dust disc with a maximum temperature of 153 K located at a minimum distance of 3.4 AU from the star .
In 1996 , 70 Virginis was discovered to have an extrasolar planet in orbit around it .
70 Virginis is a yellow dwarf star approximately 59 light-years away in the constellation Virgo .
Each class in Form 6 and 7 has about 30 students .
The classes are mixed when students go into Form 2 or Form 3 .
The school has `` holistic education '' as its philosophy , with `` Faith , Hope , Love '' -LRB- ã ä ã æ ã æ ã -RRB- as its motto .
In the new wing , there are classrooms for higher forms classes , a new library , some special rooms and computer rooms .
The boys wear gray trousers and the girls wear gray dresses with white socks as winter uniform .
In Canada , there is Pui Ying Christian Services Society under which Pui Ying College and 11 Chinese schools operate . Pui Ying Alumni Associations can be found all over the world , e.g. in the USA , Canada , New Zealand , Australia , England , South Africa , Japan , Peru , Singapore , Thailand , Guangzhou , Taishan , Jiangmen and Taiwan .
Every year there are about 100 school librarians .
Exchange students from Italy , Brazil and Germany help to enhance student ability in English .
It helps the school setting new school rules and improves studentsâ lives .
Shatin Pui Ying College -LRB- Chinese : æ ç '' å è ä å -RRB- , abbreviated as SPYC or PYC , was established in 1978 .
The Student Union was set up in September 1995 and Parent-Teacher Association in 1996 .
From 2000 , students can wear PE uniform directly to school without first wearing formal uniform then changing to PE uniform at school .
The new wing building of the school has been finished since July 2005 .
1A and 1B are remedial classes whereas 1C to 1E perform better in exams .
The swimming gala is held every year with the Pui Ying Secondary School .
The school sponsors students to take part in inter-school competition and Courses for Gifted Students offered by educational institutions , such as The Chinese University of Hong Kong and The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
To further promote the use of IT in teaching , advanced computers and facilities including digital video cameras and viewers are provided for the production of teaching materials .
The school library was open since September 1982 .
The school made arrangements for the students to join mainland and overseas cultural tours .
Rev Henry Noyes , the school founder , was a minister of the U.S. Presbyterian Church .
A Reading Day is held by the school library for all students to read or to take part in activities related to reading .
There are about 40 students in each class from Form 1 to Form 5 .
Various activities to upgrade students ' Chinese standard are Extensive Reading Scheme , Creative Writing Class , Chinese Week , Prose Writing Class , Reading Club , Modern Poetry Writing Class , Verse-speaking Gathering , Story Writing Class , and Seminar on Reading , Seminar on Modern Poetry , Intra-school and Inter-school Chinese Debate Competitions and Report and Comment on Chinese ` Words of Wisdom ' .
Political , social and economic issues are discussed and analyzed to increase student awareness of developments in Hong Kong and around the world .
Its election activity is held in November every year .
100 % of the Form 3 students gain admission to Form 4 in the school .
After the HKCEE , some students study in Form 6 .
The school library has over 20000 books available to students .
The schoolâ s HLMA team got an Honourable Mention in 2004 and a Special Commendation in 2006 .
The PE T-shirts have 3 different colors , namely black , blue and red , with respect to the studentsâ house .
The best individual result is 8As in 2004 .
There is a school song with Chinese lyrics .
In Form 4 and 5 , A and B are arts classes , C is commercial class , D and E are science classes , with the students and class teachers being together in the same class in both Form 4 and 5 .
There are 2 sports days every year .
In 1978 , to celebrate the centennial , the Board of Directors established the 5th school ; an Anglo-Chinese School named Pui Ying College , with Mr Wong Wai Wah as the Principal .
In 1996 , Principal Wong retired and was succeeded by Vice Principal Ms Yau Oi Yuen .
Every Form 1 student has to learn to play at least 1 musical instrument .
In order to make it possible for all the Form 3 students to continue Form 4 in the school , the school altered the class structure to a symmetrical one .
The aim of careers guidance in the school is to help students plan for their future by giving them information about different study opportunities and the world of work .
Both boys and girls wear green ties when wearing winter uniform .
To arouse students ' interest in Putonghua , the school offers Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
The class A is an art class and B is a science class .
Its melody is the same as the song O Christmas Tree and there are two paragraphs .
The school encourages the students to participate in extra-curricular activities such as `` The Youth Summit '' , `` Dinner with Outstanding Citizens '' and `` Hong Kong International Model United Nations '' .
One of the most notable competitions is the Hang Lung Mathematics Award .
A chain of schools was established in Guangzhou , Taishan , Jiangmen and Hong Kong .
They work closely together serving as a link between the Education Department and the school ; providing the most up-to-date information concerning the use of IT in teaching and learning ; helping to train teachers and maintaining hardware and software .
The sports days take places on the Yuen Wo Road Sports Ground .
This award scheme is arranged as 4 phases .
The book borrowing system was changed from man power only into computer system in 2001 .
All boys in the school wear white shirts and green trousers , and all girls wear white dresses with green drawstrings as summer uniform .
â Free Talkâ enables students to have better training in giving speeches .
Tutorial classes have been launched to improve junior form students ' proficiency in both English and Chinese languages as well as Mathematics .
The school has organised 3 musicals , The Comeback Kid , Soul for Sale and The Last Move with songs composed by the students and alumni .
The school organises current affairs talks and invites celebrities as guest speakers .
The school offers activities to guide the students according to the Christian principles , such as Gospel Week , Gospel Camp Evangelical Team , Evangelical Broadcast , Bible Study Groups and Christian Fellowship .
In 1879 he founded a beginners ' school called An Hwoh School in Saki , Guangzhou , offering Mathematics and Science .
To enhance studentsâ interest and ability in English , the school offers Script-writing Courses , English Tutorial Class , English Drama Competition , Form 1 Bridging Programme , Lyrics-writing Course , English Immersion Speech Competition , Interviewing Tourists , English Phonetics Class , English Enhancement Course , Summer English Class , Overseas Immersion Course , Summer English Camp for senior form students , Summer English Day Camp for junior form students , Intra-school and English Musicals .
All Form 3 students have to choose their subjects after finishing their year .
The Student Union was established in November 1994 .
Most of the Form 7 graduates gain university admission these years .
Students can be awarded a Bronze Eagle Badge in Phase 1 , a Silver Eagle Badge in Phase 2 , a Gold Eagle Badge in Phase 3 and a Trophy in Phase 4 .
Students in the school take parts in many external competitions in many fields such as music , sports , debates , writings , mathematics and other academic competitions .
All Form 1 newcomers from the own district are Band 1 students .
It organises Reading Day every year .
Students achieve good academic results in public examinations .
Each Form forms a House , with its own chairman and committee members elected by the students in the own Form .
It takes place on the Hong Kong Island or Sha Tin District alternatively every two years .
There is also a school hymn with English lyrics .
The class names are combined with one number and one English character , such as â 7B â .
In recent years , the students have taken part in activities such as â Youth Leaders Auditorium 2005 â , â The 6th Basic Certificate Course for Student Leadersâ , â Outstanding Leadership Development Programmeâ and â Youth Think Tank Training Projectâ .
It organises activities such as blood donation days and ball game competitions .
Besides the various types of sports competitions , there are competitions among the cheering teams .
The school is committed to the provision of a comprehensive range of quality education services , which aims to promote the moral -LRB- å 3\/4 -RRB- , intellectual -LRB- æ -RRB- , physical -LRB- é `` '' -RRB- , social -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- , aesthetic -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- and spiritual -LRB- é -RRB- development of the students .
Scholarships , Academic Awards , Flying Eagle Awards and Improvement Awards are given to students with outstanding academic achievements .
The forms with the same colors join together to form cheering teams during the sports days .
Each House has its own color such as black , blue or red , just like the studentsâ PE uniform .
The school has close ties with its sister schools such as Guangzhou Pui Ying , Xiguan Pui Ying , Jiangmen Pui Ying , Taishan Pui Ying and Pui Ying Secondary School .
The school icon is an eagle symbolizing courage and determination .
In the first year , the school operated on the campus of Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School at Lek Yuen Estate .
All Form 6 places in the school are filled by the Form 5 students , except the exchange students from other countries .
When students have physical education lessons , they wear PE uniform .
From 2001 , the PE uniform has been changed into a new format that is gray and blue in color .
The evangelical work of the school is carried out by a group of Christian teachers and Christ 's Harvest Church . The Gospel is passed on in 3 different ways : Special Activities , Morning Assembly and Fellowship .
There are three paragraphs in this school hymn .
A Reading Time for 20 minutes every day is designed to help students to cultivate a reading habit .
The mixed ability classes replaced the elite system in September , 1996 .
They are organized into 40 clubs and activity groups .
The library system was changed to use computer since September 2001 .
In September 1979 , the school could at last move into the 24-classroom premises in Wo Che Estate .
The Photography Club and the Audio-Visual Group offer opportunities to develop a variety of skills , such as film editing , image recording , lighting , backdrop setting and sound engineering .
It is a Christian EMI secondary school fully subsidised by the government with 5 classes each for Forms 1 to 5 , and 2 classes each for Forms 6 and 7 .
The location of it was moved to the new wing building of the school in 2005 .
The average passing percentage for the HKCEE and HKALE is above 90 % .
To promote the Chinese culture , the school offers Visits to Chinese relic sites , Workshop on Chinese clipart , Chinese Tea Tao and Chinese Culture and General Studies Competition .
I 'm Breathless : Music from and Inspired by the film Dick Tracy is the second soundtrack album by American recording artist-songwriter , composer Madonna , released on May 22 , 1990 , by Sire Records .
PerriÃ res is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The term anarchism derives from the Greek á 1\/4 Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Î Ï , anarchos , meaning `` without rulers '' , from the prefix á 1\/4 Î 1\/2 - -LRB- an - , `` without '' -RRB- + á 1\/4 Ï Ï Î -LRB- archÃ , `` sovereignty , realm , magistracy '' -RRB- + - Î Ï Î 1\/4 Ï Ï -LRB- - ismos , from the suffix - Î Î Î Î Î 1\/2 , - izein '' - izing '' -RRB- . There is some ambiguity with the use of the terms `` libertarianism '' and `` libertarian '' in writings about anarchism .
Naohiko Minobe -LRB- born 12 July 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He manages for Tokushima Vortis .
Orton defeated Barrett to retain the title , thus ending Cena 's career -LRB- kayfabe -RRB- in the WWE .
Cena also won the 2008 Royal Rumble match , and is a two-time Superstar of the Year Slammy Award winner -LRB- 2009 and 2010 -RRB- .
In WWE , Cena has won sixteen championships in total , including nine World Titles -LRB- having won the WWE Championship seven times and the World Heavyweight Championship twice -RRB- . In addition , Cena has also won the WWE United States Championship three times , and is a four-time Tag Team Champion , having held the World Tag Team Championship twice -LRB- once with Shawn Michaels , once with Batista -RRB- , and the WWE Tag Team Championship twice -LRB- once with David Otunga and once with The Miz -RRB- .
On the December 13 episode of Raw , Cena was rehired by Barrett , in exchange that he would face him at TLC : Tables , Ladders & Chairs in a Chairs Match .
Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Dutch East Indies , or Netherlands East Indies , was the Dutch colony that became modern Indonesia following World War II .
It was formed from the nationalised colonies of the former Dutch East India Company that came under the administration of the Netherlands in 1800 .
Dearborn County , Indiana , Dearborn , Michigan and Dearborn , Missouri were also named for him , as was Fort Dearborn in Chicago , which in turn was the namesake for Dearborn Street , a major street in downtown Chicago .
His son , Henry A. S. Dearborn , was a congressman in 1831-1833 .
Henry Dearborn -LRB- February 23 , 1751 â `` June 6 , 1829 -RRB- was an American physician , a statesman and a veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 .
He represented this district as a Democratic-Republican in the Third and Fourth Congresses -LRB- 1793-1797 -RRB- .
In 1801 , President Thomas Jefferson appointed him Secretary of War , a post he held for eight years until March 7 , 1809 .
Lewis and Clark , appointed by Thomas Jefferson , named the Dearborn River in west-central Montana after Dearborn in 1803 .
Le Girouard is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Les Herbiers is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Thomas Morstead is an American football punter . He was a fifth-round draft choice of the New Orleans Saints , 164th overall , in the 2009 NFL Draft .
Pihem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
John Francombe `` Ian '' Ure -LRB- born 7 December 1939 -RRB- is a Scottish former footballer . Ure began his career in his native Scotland with Dundee , before moving to England to play for Arsenal and Manchester United .
Patients with type 2 diabetes are often insulin resistant , and because of such resistance , may suffer from a `` relative '' insulin deficiency .
' stands for Date Table Sorting and is used to correctly sort and display dates in a sortable table -LRB- see Sorting -RRB- .
This template automatically creates the hidden for sorting purposes and then displays the date like this : July 4 , 1776 .
Also see the examples below .
Normally , for proper sorting , dates must be entered in YYYY-MM-DD format .
However , that format does not conform to the Manual of Style for date display .
It was founded in 1995 and includes various e-zine content , as well as bulletin boards .
The site was founded and is currently run by Mike Slocombe .
Urban75 -LRB- also sometimes referred to as u75 or urban -RRB- is a website and messageboard based in Brixton , England .
The Australian National University -LRB- ANU -RRB- is a public teaching and research university located in Canberra , Australia .
He devoted much of the rest of his life to the Kelmscott Press , which he founded in 1891 .
In 1861 , Morris founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones , and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti which profoundly influenced the decoration of churches and houses into the early 20th century .
In 1856 , he became an apprentice to Gothic revival architect G. E. Street .
He was an important figure in the emergence of socialism in Britain , founding the Socialist League in 1884 , but breaking with that organization over goals and methods by the end of the decade .
Born in Walthamstow in east London , Morris was educated at Marlborough and Exeter College , Oxford .
That same year he founded the Oxford and Cambridge Magazine , an outlet for his poetry and a forum for development of his theories of hand-craftsmanship in the decorative arts .
Morris wrote and published poetry , fiction , and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life .
The 1896 Kelmscott edition of the Works of Geoffrey Chaucer is considered a masterpiece of book design .
His chief contribution to the arts was as a designer of repeating patterns for wallpapers and textiles , many based on a close observation of nature .
His best-known works include The Defense of Guenevere and Other Poems -LRB- 1858 -RRB- , The Earthly Paradise -LRB- 1868 â `` 1870 -RRB- , A Dream of John Ball -LRB- 1888 -RRB- and the utopian News from Nowhere -LRB- 1890 -RRB- .
He was also a major contributor to the resurgence of traditional textile arts and methods of production .
Mikael Tariverdiev was a recipient of many awards , including the USSR State Prize -LRB- 1977 -RRB- and the Prize of the American Music Academy -LRB- 1975 -RRB- .
The Best Music prize at the largest Russian National Film Festival Kinotaur is named after Tariverdiev .
He was awarded a title People 's Artist of Russia in 1986 .
The huge Baltoro Glacier -LRB- which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions -RRB- rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri .
It lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak -LRB- 7,665 m -RRB- .
Baltoro Kangri -LRB- also known as the Golden Throne -RRB- is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier .
Axel Hugo Theodor Theorell -LRB- 6 July 1903 -- 15 August 1982 -RRB- was a Swedish scientist and Nobel Prize laureate in medicine .
Sergio Echigo -LRB- ã '' ã `` ã ã è å 3\/4 Serujio Echigo , born July 28 , 1945 -RRB- is a Nisei Japanese Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player and former Japanese football player .
GÃ 1\/4 nther Herrmann -LRB- born 1 September 1939 in Trier , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player who was capped 9 times for the West German national team .
Kevin Forrest Cash -LRB- born December 6 , 1977 in Tampa , Florida -RRB- is a Major League Baseball catcher who is in the Texas Rangers organization .
He has played for the Toronto Blue Jays , Tampa Bay Devil Rays , Boston Red Sox , New York Yankees and Houston Astros .
It was originally developed by the Southern Pacific Railroad and was widely sold ; it is best known in Britain for its use by British Rail and its successors .
Total Operations Processing System , or TOPS , is a computer system for managing the locomotives and rolling stock -LRB- railroad cars -RRB- owned by a rail system .
To use the update on any article , insert :
More observations released in October 2005 revealed that Eris had a moon , later named Dysnomia .
Because Eris may be larger than Pluto , it was initially described as the `` tenth planet '' by NASA and in media reports of its discovery .
At this time , both Eris and Pluto were classified as dwarf planets , a category distinct from the new definition of planet .
Eris is named after the Greek goddess Eris -LRB- Greek -RRB- , a personification of strife and discord .
Images taken on September 10 revealed a moon in orbit around Eris .
In keeping with the `` Xena '' nickname already in use for Eris , Brown 's team nicknamed the moon `` Gabrielle '' , after the television warrior princess 's sidekick .
When Eris received its official name from the IAU , the moon received the name Dysnomia , after the Greek goddess of lawlessness who was Eris 's daughter .
Beynost is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The moon was recovered and confirmed to be the only object in its orbit during the Voyager 2 flyby in 1989 after which it received the additional designation S\/1989 N 2 on August 2 , 1989 .
It is named after Larissa , a lover of Poseidon -LRB- Neptune -RRB- in Greek mythology and eponymous nymph of the city in Thessaly .
It was first discovered by Harold J. Reitsema , William B. Hubbard , Larry A. Lebofsky and David J. Tholen , based on fortuitous ground-based stellar occultation observations on May 24 , 1981 , given the temporary designation S\/1981 N 1 and announced on 29 May 1981 .
The projection maps meridians to equally spaced vertical straight lines , and circles of latitude to evenly spread horizontal straight lines .
The equirectangular projection -LRB- also called the equidirectional projection , equidistant cylindrical projection , geographic projection , plate carrÃ e or carte parallelogrammatique projection or CPP -RRB- is a very simple map projection attributed to Marinus of Tyre , who Ptolemy claims invented the projection about AD 100 .
The 101 French departments are divided into 342 arrondissements , which may be translated into English as districts .
Most departments have only three or four arrondissements .
Freema Agyeman -LRB- Ë friË mÉ Ë É ` Ë É jÉ mÉ n , born Frema Agyeman on 20 March 1979 -RRB- is a British actress of Ghanaian and Iranian descent who is best known for playing Martha Jones , former companion of the Tenth Doctor in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who , and its spin-off series Torchwood .
Adriano Faria Pimenta -LRB- born 14 November 1982 in GoiÃ cents nia -RRB- is a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
He currently plays for Sport Recife in the Campeonato Brasileiro SÃ rie A.
because on position 4 is value A and Ahex = 10dec .
Position count is from left , with the first position = 0 -LRB- not 1 -RRB- .
This subtemplate of converts a single character of a hex string into its decimal equivalent .
This subtemplate is not meant to be called directly .
Nicknamed `` Sailor '' -LRB- for her salty speech -RRB- , `` Sassy '' and `` The Divine One '' , Sarah Vaughan was a Grammy Award winner .
She had a contralto vocal range .
Sarah Lois Vaughan -LRB- March 27 , 1924 -- April 3 , 1990 -RRB- was an American jazz singer , described by Scott Yanow as having `` one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century . ''
The National Endowment for the Arts bestowed upon her its `` highest honor in jazz '' , the NEA Jazz Masters Award , in 1989 .
As an adjective , Anglican is used to describe the people , institutions , and churches as well as the liturgical traditions and theological concepts developed by the Church of England . As a noun , an Anglican is a member of a Church in the Anglican Communion .
The word Anglican originates in ecclesia anglicana , a medieval Latin phrase dating to at least 1246 meaning the English Church .
It was formerly a Soviet design bureau , and was founded by Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich as `` Mikoyan and Gurevich '' , with the bureau prefix `` MiG . ''
India is a federal union of states comprising twenty-eight states and seven union territories .
In ancient Egypt , when the Nile River overflowed its banks and washed out farm boundaries , boundaries were re-established by a rope stretcher , or surveyor , through the application of simple geometry .
These points are usually on the surface of the Earth , and they are often used to establish land maps and boundaries for ownership or governmental purposes .
Surveying techniques have existed throughout much of recorded history .
Surveying or land surveying is the technique and science of accurately determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them .
Surveying has been an essential element in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history -LRB- about 5,000 years ago -RRB- .
Its most familiar modern uses are in the fields of transport , building and construction , communications , mapping , and the definition of legal boundaries for land ownership .
Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 and a specific gravity of 5.76 .
It is colorless to white with occasional shades or tints of yellow and red .
Valentinite is an antimony oxide mineral with formula Sb2O3 .
Martina Hingis -LRB- born 30 September 1980 in KoÅ ice , Slovakia , then Czechoslovakia -RRB- is a retired Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as World No. 1 .
She also won nine Grand Slam women 's doubles titles , winning a calendar year doubles Grand Slam in 1998 , and one Grand Slam mixed doubles title .
Boehner previously served as the House Minority Leader from 2007 until 2011 , and House Majority Leader from 2006 until 2007 .
His previous clubs include Arsenal , Reading , Chelsea and Aston Villa .
Steven James `` Steve '' Sidwell -LRB- born 14 December 1982 -RRB- is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fulham in the Premier League .
language , affectionately known as `` wikipuke '' .
: : : -LRB- This essay is a draft to be expanded later . -RRB-
Well , perhaps the users and article editors might find the coding steps somewhat annoying , adding the '' '' bar , just to avoid producing quoteboxes .
Rather than maintaining some basic , core levels of simplicity , the multiple nerdisms start interfering with earlier peculiar features , and the result becomes conflicting nerdisms with almost unpredictable , expanding quirks .
Do n't design coding as quotebox .
The exact causes , behind each quirk , are perhaps too complex to explain in this essay .
Perhaps the world is seeing a rapid growth in the rise of `` nerdnology '' as typical notions of quality control have been abandoned , almost everywhere .
Instead , the quirks are not the work of college-dropout billionaires , but rather just a collection of misdirected changes .
So even an organization with $ billions of revenue can not seem to avoid utterly spastic , peculiar quirks in their webpages .
In the second use of `` Mytemplate '' , the value of param1 is only `` aaa '' because the vertical-bar -LRB- or pipe -RRB- '' '' stopped param1 from including the line-break newline .
Kids do n't do this .
Those preferences could be set to overcome some design flaws in the basic design of a system -LRB- such as a browser -RRB- , until the more normal settings are preset as the defaults in later software versions .
For example , in some mainsteam browsers :
, some really bizarre features are added , such as allowing wiki-templates to pass newlines at the end of parameter values , simply by indenting the next line , when calling a template .
Unfortunately , `` one man 's bizarreness is other man 's ordinary dork-otopia '' and some developers think that everyone should change their ways to adjust to the new stuff .
Even Google Inc. , with all the $ billions , has had some very unusual things happening in the official websites -LRB- for years -RRB- :
Overly often , peculiar ideas are treated as mainstream `` everyone-should-know-nerdisms '' which become some of the widespread quirks that appear , from day to day .
Ah so , oh-so-important quotebox he look like : Me is quotebox â `` I so cool , so important .
This essay , WP : Avoiding Wikipedia quirks , is intended to try to explain what is happening , hourly , to Wikipedia , and to suggest work-around solutions .
Wikipedia 's underlying software system , with the MediaWiki markup language , is constantly being changed to fix old problems and try to offer new , better features , but better for whom ?
Not all problems are caused by Wikipedia 's software configuration .
However , along with that stuff , there is a 2nd language as wikitable codes -LRB- in Table -RRB- , so that a table begins with '' '' which formerly were required in column 1 but can be indented now -LRB- at least sometimes , or maybe not whatever -RRB- .
Everything is changing , without warning , and lots of it is quirky .
The most normal language is the typical free-flowing text that allows triple-quote ` bold-font ' , along with the HTML tags , such as .
In the first use of `` Mytemplate '' , the value of param1 can be considered to be `` xxx '' because the coding was split , with param2 -LRB- value `` yyy '' -RRB- on the 2nd line .
Normally , bizarre features would be designed to require special coding to trigger those features , such as : if you want to pass newlines in parameter values , then specify them , explicitly , such as `` param = aa # nuline ; bb # nuline ; cc # nuline ; '' where the code '' # nuline ; '' or '' '' -LRB- or some other invented thing -RRB- is the feature to be requested .
No longer are major changes tested on a sample user-group , but instead , released untested to the entire world .
However , imagine the stress on the Wikipedia developers , having to ensure that any changes or enhancements , to the MediaWiki interfaces , must continue to work as before , generating the same demented , peculiar sets of quotebox indentations , everywhere they had popped up before .
By considering the design flaws , and the operational instability , it is possible to get a better understanding of the psychological pressures that people face when using Wikipedia .
In advanced software design , users would be allowed to set preferences for text-wrapping , cursor-movement , cursor-shape , etc. .
Many problems are actually from each user 's PC setup or browser , such as pressing F5 -LRB- before edit-preview -RRB- and losing all edit-text -LRB- see below : Browser nightmares -RRB- .
There are hundreds of unusual , or unexpected quirks or glitches in the way things sort-of-do , sort-of-don ' t work .
The quirks are not merely planned obsolescence , similar to allowing computer viruses , which are known to kill user computers and cause people to buy new or fix-it software products -LRB- as the planned result -RRB- .
All of those problems are caused by quirky browser operation -LRB- not Wikipedia -RRB- , as the browser does not reflect the way that people actually think .
Me is quotebox â `` wiki would die without me .
Knowing the details , about specific quirks , can help avoid the stress or frustrations in the future .
On any given day , new problems might arise , or old problems get fixed , as the developers adjust the servers or hack the MediaWiki code to alter character-shift typesetting for the 200 + Wikipedia languages -LRB- see below : Why quirks occur -RRB- .
Even the most level-headed , otherwise-normal software developers will become overwhelmed by the pre-exising nerdisms , so that even simple changes can introduce new quirks , and hence , no single group of people can be blamed for the combined , bizarre outcomes .
Many problems that users think are caused by Wikipedia are actually caused by limited Web browsers .
Well , as can be expected with multiple personality disorder -LRB- MPD -RRB- , the 3 languages fight for power : when HTML code is formatted with typical indentation , the me-is-quotebox personality , at times , hijacks the page , and you get hypertext-markup-laughter displayed in a box that looks like -LRB- ... wait for it ... -RRB- a QuoteBox !
Also , Wikipedia is not alone in having website quirks , even Google has had them -LRB- see section below : `` Google quirks '' -RRB- .
Wikipedia is not alone in having many website quirks .
Then there is the 3rd language : the `` infamous '' if-you-indent , you get `` quotebox '' yes the all-important quotebox , which in computer-typesetting typically requires only 2 markers ; instead , just indent and the whole section turns into quotebox â `` quotebox â `` quotebox .
Many changes are made to support the unusual typesetting needs of rare written languages that use split-character placement of text or other unusual options not seen in English or other European languages .
Complicating the complications is the reality that , eventually , several multiple nerdisms are implemented .
The MediaWiki markup language is a peculiar twisto-mash of 3 computer languages .
Far surpassing `` creeping featurism '' the total system becomes `` featured creepyism '' .
The above text , with the multi-line footnote shows use of 4 HTML comment lines '' '' to simulate indenting by putting each text segment on a separate line .
Sometimes -LRB- or often ? -RRB-
Me is quotebox â `` I exist here 8 years plus forever .
When the template begins to process `` xxx '' then the newline might be seen as an indentation , within the template , so the template would start considering all subsequent lines to be part of the oh-so-important quotebox , generated now in the middle of the template procedural coding .
So , anyway , put all 3 schidzo languages , blended together , and you get MediaWiki markup -LRB- or markdown ? -RRB-
However , some general principles can explain how the problems have arisen , over the years .
The English Wikipedia is impacted because all 200 + languages share some common software , and that software gets changed for everyone .
In total , 31 people were killed â `` fourteen British , fourteen Irish civilians and three republican prisoners .
Bloody Sunday was a day of violence in Dublin on 21 November 1920 , during the Irish War of Independence .
Becquigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
It is the administrative seat of the Alb-Donau district , although it is not part of the district .
North of the Danube banks the hills of the Swabian Alb rise .
The hill chain extends from southwest to northeast parallel to the course of the Danube River and is continued on either side of the district .
The Danube enters the district in the southwest , runs through the southern parts of the district and leaves eastwards to Ulm .
The history of the region is linked with the history of Ulm and the Swabian Alb .
The district is named after the Danube River -LRB- German Donau -RRB- and the Swabian Alb -LRB- SchwÃ bische Alb -RRB- mountains .
The city of Ulm is surrounded by the district .
The district of Alb-Donau was established in 1973 by merging the former districts of Ulm and Ehingen .
An affluent of the Danube , the Iller River , forms the southeastern border of the Alb-Donau district , before it meets the Danube in Ulm .
Nitroglycerin -LRB- NG -RRB- , -LRB- United States spelling -RRB- also known as nitroglycerine -LRB- UK spelling -RRB- , trinitroglycerin , trinitroglycerine , 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane and glyceryl trinitrate , is a heavy , colorless , oily , explosive liquid obtained by nitrating glycerol .
It dealt only with the supply and maintenance of weaponry , munitions and other military equipment until 1965 , when it took over most other supply functions , as well as the provision of staff clerks , from the Royal Army Service Corps .
The Royal Army Ordnance Corps -LRB- RAOC -RRB- was a corps of the British Army .
The Tierpark Hagenbeck is a zoo in Stellingen , now a quarter in Hamburg , Germany .
The park itself was founded by Carl Hagenbeck Jr. in 1907 .
Granite City is a city in Madison County , Illinois , United States , part of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area .
Weddings Parties Anything -LRB- often known as WPA , Weddings and Weddoes -RRB- were an Australian folk rock band formed in 1984 in Melbourne and continuing until 1998 .
Their name came from The Clash song -LRB- `` Revolution Rock '' -RRB- and musicologist Billy Pinnell described their first album as the best Australian rock debut since Skyhooks ' Living in the '70s .
Oswaldtwistle is also close to Accrington .
Breasta is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,835 people .
In 1919 , the University of Concepcion was founded , becoming the first regional university in Chile . The University 's founder , Enrique Molina Garmendia , was also its first President and proposed that `` this new University , in addition to professional education in liberal arts and technical sciences , as required by the development of increased national wealth , will be center of information for the public , outreach , scientific research and experimentation , and the promotion of best literary , humanist and philosophical culture '' .
Located in ConcepciÃ n , 515 km from Santiago , Campus ConcepciÃ n is the central campus of the University of ConcepciÃ n. It is known as Barrio Universitario -LRB- University District -RRB- , because most of the city 's academic activities are concentrated at this single place .
Thrust is a reaction force described by Newton 's Second and Third Law .
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide , South Australia .
Heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas .
Adobe Dreamweaver -LRB- formerly Macromedia Dreamweaver -RRB- is a web development application originally created by Macromedia , and is now developed by Adobe Systems , which acquired Macromedia in 2005 .
Courgains is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Soldotna is located on the banks of the Kenai River on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska . It is named after nearby Soldotna Creek .
Morpheus is held in a government building in the Matrix .
Escaping to a subway station , Morpheus and Trinity use a payphone to exit the Matrix , but before Neo can leave he is ambushed by Agent Smith . Neo stands his ground and Smith is run over by a subway train , but quickly flees when the Agent possesses another body .
She tells Neo that he has `` the gift '' of manipulating the Matrix , but that he is waiting for something , possibly his next life . From her comments , Neo deduces that he is not the One .
The Matrix is a 1999 science fiction-action film written and directed by Larry and Andy Wachowski , starring Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie-Anne Moss , Joe Pantoliano , and Hugo Weaving .
In addition to Davis ' score , The Matrix soundtrack also features music from acts such as Rammstein , Fightstar , Rob Dougan , Rage Against the Machine , Propellerheads , Ministry , Deftones , The Prodigy , Rob Zombie , Meat Beat Manifesto , and Marilyn Manson .
Neo and Trinity storm the building to rescue their leader .
In the real world , Trinity whispers to Neo what the Oracle had told her : that she would fall in love with `` the One '' .
Neo is trained as a member of the rebellion .
The film 's mainstream success led to the making of two sequels , The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions . These were filmed simultaneously during one shoot and released in two parts in 2003 .
Neo now `` sees '' the lines of green computer code that comprise the Matrix . Agent Smith makes a final attempt to kill him , but his punches are effortlessly blocked , and Neo destroys him .
Several members of Morpheus ' inner circle , including Trinity -LRB- Carrie-Anne Moss -RRB- , take Neo to a secret meeting , but only after they remove a robotic tracking bug from Neo 's body . At the meeting Morpheus offers Neo a choice of two pills : A blue one that would return him to his old life , and a red pill that would allow him to learn the answers he seeks .
Jane Means Appleton Pierce -LRB- March 12 , 1806 -- December 2 , 1863 -RRB- , wife of U.S. President Franklin Pierce , was First Lady of the United States from 1853 to 1857 .
The full explanation of the tengwar was published in Appendix E of The Lord of the Rings in 1955 .
The tengwar were probably developed in the late 1920s or in the early 1930s .
Later a great number of languages of Middle-earth were written using the tengwar , including Sindarin . Tolkien used tengwar to write English : most of Tolkien 's tengwar samples are actually in English .
Some modes , called Ã matehtar -LRB- or vowel tehtar -RRB- modes , are abugidas representing vowels with diacritics called tehtar -LRB- `` signs '' ; corresponding singular : tehta , `` sign '' -RRB- , while other modes , called full writing modes , represent vowels by full letters .
Tolkien used tengwar to write English : most of Tolkien 's tengwar samples are actually in English .
The Lonely Mountain Jar Inscription , the first published tengwar sample , dates to 1937 -LRB- The Hobbit , most editions -RRB- .
The sarati , described in Parma Eldalamberon 13 , a script developed by J. R. R. Tolkien in the late 1910s , anticipates many features of the tengwar , especially the vowel representation by diacritics -LRB- which is found in many tengwar varieties -RRB- , different tengwar shapes and a few correspondences between sound features and letter shape features -LRB- though inconsistent -RRB- .
In his fictional universe , the tengwar were invented by the Elf FÃ `` anor , and used first to write the Elven tongues : Quenya , Telerin , and also Valarin . Later a great number of languages of Middle-earth were written using the tengwar , including Sindarin .
The Tengwar -LRB- Quenya for `` letters '' ; singular tengwa `` letter '' -RRB- are an artificial script created by J. R. R. Tolkien .
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh and town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately 16 m north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and is served by Inverurie railway station on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line .
The nearest airport is Aberdeen Airport at Dyce .
Inverurie Loco Works F.C. , playing their matches at Harlaw Park , are the local Highland League football team and Aberdeen F.C. is the nearest Scottish Premier League team .
Rugby Union is played by the Garioch Rugby Football Club .
Peter Ahlwardts -LRB- `` Reasonable and Theological Considerations about Thunder and Lightning '' , 1745 -RRB- advised individuals seeking cover from lightning to go anywhere except in or around a church .
Early on , Christian churches tried to prevent the occurrence of the damaging effects of lightning by prayers .
A lightning rod -LRB- US , AUS -RRB- or lightning conductor -LRB- UK -RRB- is a metal rod or conductor mounted on top of a building and electrically connected to the ground through a wire , to protect the building in the event of lightning .
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships and other objects .
The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin 's original theory of operation ; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself , rendering the air conductive , which in turn raises the probability of a strike .
Many years after receiving his patent , in 1919 Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter entitled `` Famous Scientific Illusions '' , in which he explains the logic of Franklin 's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus .
The idea was that glass objects , being non-conductors , are seldom struck by lightning .
The church tower of many European cities , usually the highest structure , was the building often hit by lightning .
In the 19th century , the lightning rod became a decorative motif .
Lightning rods were embellished with ornamental glass balls -LRB- now prized by collectors -RRB- .
The ornamental appeal of these glass balls has been used in weather vanes .
In the United States , the pointed lightning rod conductor , also called a `` lightning attractor '' or `` Franklin rod , '' was invented by Benjamin Franklin in 1749 as part of his groundbreaking explorations of electricity .
Lightning can damage structures made of most materials -LRB- masonry , wood , concrete and steel -RRB- as the huge currents involved can heat materials , causing a potential for fire , and also water to high temperatures .
Franklin speculated that , with an iron rod sharpened to a point at the end ,
The random behavior of lightning combined with observers ' confirmation bias ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin 's initial work .
A lightning rod is a single component in a lightning protection system .
Franklin speculated about lightning rods for several years before his reported kite experiment .
Nikola Tesla 's was an improvement in lightning protectors .
Priests prayed , `` temper the destruction of hail and cyclones and the force of tempests and lightning ; check hostile thunders and great winds ; and cast down the spirits of storms and the powers of the air . ''
Hence the best method for preventing a lightning strike to a wooden ship was to bury a small solid glass ball in the tip of the highest mast .
`` The electrical fire would , I think , be drawn out of a cloud silently , before it could come near enough to strike ... ''
This experiment , in fact , took place because he was tired of waiting for Christ Church in Philadelphia to be completed so he could place a lightning rod on top of it .
Therefore , goes the theory , there must be something about glass that repels lightning .
Hermelinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Dawson 1978 -RRB-
`` Owen : the most distinguished vertebrate zoologist and palaeontologist ... but a most deceitful and odious man . ''
A fine example was his decision to classify man in a separate sub-class of the Mammalia -LRB- see Man 's place in nature -RRB- .
The rivalry at times became extremely personal , especially between Joseph Hooker and Owenâ At the root was Owenâ s feeling that Kew should be subordinate to the British Museum -LRB- and to Owen -RRB- and should not be allowed to develop as an independent scientific institution with the advantage of a great botanic garden . ''
In the second part of his career his reputation slipped .
Also , his unwillingness to come off the fence concerning evolution became increasingly damaging to his reputation as time went on .
`` It is painful to be hated in the intense degree with which Owen hates me '' .
Owen is probably best remembered today for coining the word Dinosauria -LRB- meaning `` Terrible Reptile '' or `` Fearfully Great Reptile '' -RRB- and for his outspoken opposition to Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection .
Owen in Darwin 's opinion was `` Spiteful , extremely malignant , clever ; the Londoners say he is mad with envy because my book is so talked about '' .
This was not the first or last time Owen would deliberately claim a discovery as his own , when in fact it was not .
In the first part of his career he was regarded rightly as one of the great scientific figures of the age .
In this Owen had no supporters at all .
Owen famously credited himself and Georges Cuvier with the discovery of the Iguanodon , completely excluding any credit for the original discoverer of the dinosaur , Gideon Mantell .
Owen was finally dismissed from the Royal Society 's Zoological Council for plagiarism .
This was not solely due to his underhanded dealings with colleagues ; it was also due to the serious errors of scientific judgement which were discovered and publicized .
Sir Richard Owen , KCB -LRB- 20 July 1804 -- 18 December 1892 -RRB- was an English biologist , comparative anatomist and palaeontologist .
Despite originally starting out on good terms with Darwin , Owen was highly critical of the Origin in large part because Darwin did not refer much to the previous scientific theories of evolution that had been proposed by people like Chambers and himself , and instead compared the theory of evolution by natural selection with the unscientific theory in the Bible .
Richard Broke Freeman -LRB- Charles Darwin : a Companion .
Riva San Vitale is a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland , located in the district of Mendrisio .
L'Orbrie is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Mark Stent was praised for his production on the song , creating a `` trippy '' feel like that found on Beatles songs such as `` Rain '' .
It became the second single to be released from the album Standing on the Shoulder of Giants , peaking at number 4 in the UK charts .
`` Who Feels Love ? ''
The album was noted for its psychedelic feel , and `` Who Feels Love ? ''
is a song by the English rock band Oasis , written by the band 's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher .
With the psychedelic and Eastern sound , the song also reminds of George Harrison achievements like `` Within You Without You '' and also some of his solo work .
However , despite the high-quality production , the song was not well received by the critics , NME said that the production `` triumphs over any real sort of feeling ... pure mock Maharishi spirituality that not even Liam can salvage from the realm of self-parody '' .
Though the single was a success , it failed to achieve a Silver or better sales certification in the UK - unlike the previous 11 British Oasis singles .
The video was filmed in Death Valley , California .
One of the B-sides is a cover of The Beatles ' `` Helter Skelter '' .
It was played live during the Shoulders tour of 2000 .
A regular hexagon has all sides of the same length , and all internal angles are 120 Â . A regular hexagon has 6 rotational symmetries -LRB- rotational symmetry of order six -RRB- and 6 reflection symmetries -LRB- six lines of symmetry -RRB- , making up the dihedral group D6 .
Like squares and equilateral triangles , regular hexagons fit together without any gaps to tile the plane -LRB- three hexagons meeting at every vertex -RRB- , and so are useful for constructing tessellations .
Kohlu is a district of the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Financial speculation can involve the buying , holding , selling , and short-selling of stocks , bonds , commodities , currencies , collectibles , real estate , derivatives , or any valuable financial instrument to profit from fluctuations in its price , irrespective of its underlying value .
Containing more than six million items and forty galleries , the museum has notable collections of dinosaurs , Near Eastern and African art , East Asian art , European history , and Canadian history .
The Royal Ontario Museum -LRB- ROM -RRB- is a museum of world culture and natural history in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
He was nominated by the party convention and then elected an Ohio state senator in 1859 , serving until 1861 .
From 1851 to 1854 , he attended the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute founded by the Disciples of Christ -LRB- later named Hiram College -RRB- in Hiram , Ohio , where he was taught by Platt Rogers Spencer , and was most interested in the study of Greek and Latin .
Garfield then enrolled at Williams College in Williamstown , Massachusetts , where he was a brother of Delta Upsilon fraternity .
and graduated in 1856 as an outstanding student who enjoyed all subjects except chemistry .
One son , James R. Garfield , followed him into politics and became Secretary of the Interior under President Theodore Roosevelt .
Garfield had gradually become discontented with his teaching vocation , began to study law in 1859 , and was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1860 .
On November 11 , 1858 , he married Lucretia Rudolph , known as `` Crete '' to friends , and a former star Greek pupil of Garfield 's .
Garfield County in Montana , Nebraska , Utah , and Washington are named after James A. Garfield .
They had seven children -LRB- five sons and two daughters -RRB- : Eliza Arabella Garfield -LRB- 1860 â `` 63 -RRB- ; Harry Augustus Garfield -LRB- 1863 â `` 1942 -RRB- ; James Rudolph Garfield -LRB- 1865 â `` 1950 -RRB- ; Mary Garfield -LRB- 1867 â `` 1947 -RRB- ; Irvin M. Garfield -LRB- 1870 â `` 1951 -RRB- ; Abram Garfield -LRB- 1872 â `` 1958 -RRB- ; and Edward Garfield -LRB- 1874 â `` 76 -RRB- .
Garfield 's presidency only lasted 200 days from March 4 , 1881 until his death on September 19 , 1881 after being shot by assassin Charles J. Guiteau on July 2 , 1881 .
James Abram Garfield -LRB- November 19 , 1831 - September 19 , 1881 -RRB- served as the 20th President of the United States , after completing nine consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives .
Air New Zealand Flight 901 -LRB- TE-901 -RRB- was a scheduled Air New Zealand Antarctic sightseeing flight that operated between 1977 and 1979 , from Auckland Airport to Antarctica and return via Christchurch .
He was the co-executive producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and co-creator of its spinoff , Angel .
He really helped us focus and get started . ''
He later had to leave the show prior to its debut for health reasons , but executive producer Joel Silver stated that his imprint would remain : `` He worked really hard on the arc of the series .
He is also co-creator of the short-lived cult television show Profit .
On June 1 , 2007 , The Hollywood Reporter announced that he would serve as executive producer and showrunner on Moonlight , a similarly themed vampire detective show .
David Greenwalt -LRB- born October 16 , 1949 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , director and producer .
KutnÃ Hora -LRB- ; medieval Czech : Hory KutnÃ ; -RRB- is a city in Bohemia , now the Czech Republic in the Central Bohemian Region .
Since 1995 the city center has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
This category is for the Metroid video game series and the Metroid fictional universe .
Ford renamed the team Jaguar Racing as part of its global marketing operations to promote their Jaguar premium car company . However , during the years of Ford 's ownership , the team was unable to revive its performances of 1999 .
It was formed from the purchase by Ford of Jackie Stewart 's Stewart Grand Prix Formula One team in June 1999 .
Jaguar Racing was a Formula One team that competed in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 .
2023 -LRB- MMXXIII -RRB- will be a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
Ambleny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardie in northern France .
Some of its levels were based upon the Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Junior arcade games , and the enemies from the two games also returned . Donkey Kong 's , Donkey Kong Junior 's and Pauline 's character designs were updated for this game .
-LRB- The Donkey Kong character of this series is the grandchild of the title character from the original Donkey Kong game . -RRB-
Shortly after that , he appeared in Donkey Kong Country -LRB- in Japan , Super Donkey Kong -RRB- .
The Kingdom of Great Britain was superseded by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on 1 January 1801 , when Great Britain was united with the Kingdom of Ireland by the Acts of Union of 1800 following the suppression of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .
A single parliament and government , based in Westminster , controlled the new kingdom .
It came into being on May 1st , 1707 , with the merger of the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England , as agreed in the 1706 Treaty of Union and ratified by the Acts of Union 1707 , to create a single kingdom encompassing the whole of the island of Great Britain and its minor outlying islands , excluding Irelandâ '' which remained a separate jurisdiction under the British crown .
The kingdoms had shared the same monarch since James VI , King of Scots became King of England in 1603 following the death of Queen Elizabeth I.
The Kingdom of Great Britain , also occasionally referred to as the United Kingdom of Great Britain , was a sovereign state in northwest Europe , in existence from 1707 to 1801 .
Emerson Orlando de Melo -LRB- born 2 March 1973 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Edmilson Carlos Abel -LRB- born February 23 , 1974 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
He plays for Linense .
At a show at Festival Hall in Melbourne , Australia , McIlrath stated the song was written about a good friend of the band who helped them whilst they were lesser known .
The lyrics are optimistic and speak of contentment with a less-than-perfect life , although they maintain the band 's characteristic themes of self-analysis and hope .
`` Swing Life Away '' is a song by hardcore punk band Rise Against , from their 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
Originally written by Tim McIlrath and Neil Hennessy , the song is distinguished from the majority of Rise Against 's catalog because it is performed and recorded acoustically .
Olivier Nicolas AndrÃ Dacourt -LRB- born 25 September 1974 in Montreuil-sous-Bois -RRB- is a former French footballer .
Milkweed butterflies are a subfamily , Danainae , in the family Nymphalidae , or brush-footed butterflies .
The Treaty of Peace with Germany or the Treaty of Berlin in 1921 , are terms used to describe the separate post-World War I peace treaty between the United States and Germany , signed on August 25 , 1921 .
Holm was born Ian Holm Cuthbert in Goodmayes , then in Essex now in London , to Scottish parents , Jean Wilson Holm and James Harvey Cuthbert .
The literacy rate is over 90 % for men and about 59 % for women .
The climate of Nagar remains pleasant from mid-April to the end of September .
The British gained control of Nagar during a battles at Nilt -LRB- Jangir-e-Laye -RRB- between 1889 and 1892 .
Although never ruled directly by neighbouring Kashmir or the British , Nagar and Hunza were a vassal state of Kashmir from the time of Maharaja Ranbir Singh of Jammu and Kashmir .
The Mirs of both sent an annual tribute to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947 . Along with the ruler of Hunza , the Mir of Nagar was considered to be among the most loyal vassals of the Maharaja of Kashmir .
The Tham -LRB- Chief -RRB- of that time , Azur Khan , was sent in exile to Kashmir .
After the Pakistani Central Government changed to a democracy on 25 September 1974 Zulfikar Ali Bhutto dissolved the Princely States of Nagar and Hunza and gave democratic representation to the Northern Areas Council , now called the Northern Areas Legislative Council .
Nagar is bordered by the Gilgit Agency to the southwest , China to the north and northeast and Afghanistan to the northwest .
The maximum temperature in summer during the day is 13 Â C. The weather becomes very cold during the winter , mainly from October to end of March .
The valley is situated at an elevation of 2,438 m -LRB- 7,999 feet -RRB- .
Gulmet is a popular tourist attraction in Nagar because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi at 7,788 m -LRB- 25,561 -RRB- , and Diran .
The Nagarkutch were defeated due to lack of weapons .
After the reign of the Miyor Khan , his sons divided Buroshall into Nagar and Hunza and declared the river as the border . Muglot became the king of Nagar and Kirkis became the king of Hunza .
Nagar was famous for its polo team .
The minimum temperature can be -14 Â C.
Nagar Khas is the main town and the capital of the former state of Nagar .
The religion of the Nagar Valley is Islam with 100 % Shia Isna Ashree .
Until 1972 it was the unbeatable team of the northern areas .
The state capital is the town of Nagar Khas -LRB- also known as Uyum Nagar , which means `` The Mighty Nagar Empire '' -RRB- .
The Nagar Valley -LRB- Urdu .
The whole area of Nagar was declared as a community park to prevent the hunting of many endangered animals such as Marco Polo sheep , brown bears , and snow tigers .
Ù Ú Ø -RRB- is a valley near Gilgit Valley in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
The State of Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar . The area was collectively called Buroshall and the capital was Capal Dongs .
The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years , until both states were dissolved in 1974 .
It is the only team from the Northern Areas who played the polo match in New Delhi on the arrival of the George VI of England and won the trophy there .
Spantik peak -LRB- Golden peak -RRB- can easily be seen from here .
Palmer is a city in Pocahontas County , Iowa , United States .
Fontaine-Couverte is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Jessica Phyllis Lange -LRB- born April 20 , 1949 -RRB- is an American stage and screen actress .
He was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jimmu .
The account of Ninigi no Mikoto being sent to earth appears in the Nihon Shoki .
Amaterasu sent him to pacify Japan by bringing the three celestial gifts used by the emperor .
These three gifts signify that the emperor is the descendant of Amaterasu herself .
Ninigi-no-Mikoto -LRB- also Ame-nigishi-kuni-nigishi-amatsuhiko-hiko-ho-no-ninigi-no-Mikoto -RRB- is in Japanese mythology the son of Ame no Oshihomimi no Mikoto , and grandson of Amaterasu , who sent him down to earth to plant rice there .
The sword , Kusanagi , the mirror , Yata no kagami , and the jewel , Yasakani no magatama .
Sukarno was the leader of his country 's struggle for independence from the Netherlands and was Indonesia 's first President from 1945 to 1967 .
Indonesians also remember him as Bung Karno or Pak Karno .
The spelling `` Sukarno '' is frequently used in English as it is based on the newer official spelling in Indonesia since 1947 but the older spelling Soekarno , based on Dutch orthography , is still frequently used , mainly because he signed his name in the old spelling .
Official Indonesian presidential decrees from the period 1947 â `` 1968 , however , printed his name using the 1947 spelling .
Like many Javanese people , he had only one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as `` Achmed Sukarno '' .
The British Rail Class 13 were created in 1965 because of a necessity to provide more powerful shunters for the Tinsley Marshalling Yard .
Both units were ballasted to improve traction .
This was achieved by permanently coupling together two Class 08 shunters as a ` master and slave ' -LRB- alternatively ` cow and calf ' -RRB- units , the latter with its cab removed .
Major derives from Latin maior , which means greater .
Monceau-l Ã s-Leups is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
George Alan Cleveland -LRB- September 17 , 1885 -- July 15 , 1957 -RRB- was a Canadian film actor .
Yeovil Town F.C. are an English association football team based in Yeovil , Somerset .
BonnÅ `` il is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The great majority of Class 45s were withdrawn between 1981 and 1988 and the last was withdrawn from service by 1989 .
Along with the similar Class 44 and 46 locomotives they became known as `` Peaks '' .
When initially put into service , the locomotives were fitted with multi-unit working and steam heating boilers for passenger service .
In the early 1970s , fifty were fitted with electric train supply in place of their steam heating boilers and assigned to work services on the Midland Main Line from London St Pancras to Nottingham , Derby and Sheffield .
The British Rail Class 45 also known as the Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Rail at their Derby and Crewe Works between 1960 and 1962 .
He was the younger brother of Manchester United legend Jack Rowley .
He was shortlisted for inclusion into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2008 .
He holds the record for the greatest number of career goals in English league football , scoring 434 from 619 league games .
George Arthur Rowley , -LRB- 21 April 1926 â `` 19 December 2002 -RRB- , nicknamed `` The Gunner '' because of his explosive left-foot shot , was an English football player and cricketer .
DobreÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,834 people .
An inhalation machine , adjusted to mimic the puff length of cannabis smokers , drew smoke through a standard bong , a small portable bong with a folding stem , a bong with a motorized paddle that thoroughly mixes the smoke with the water , and two different types of vaporizers .
Glanville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The de Glanville family was from this village .
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a Major League Baseball club based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Pirates are also often referred to as the `` Bucs '' or sometimes the `` Buccos '' -LRB- derived from buccaneer , a synonym for pirate -RRB- .
They play in the Central Division of the National League , and are five-time World Series Champions .
In , the Pirates opened a new stadium , PNC Park .
Meadowbrook Farm is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Roullours is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Women have been allotted a minimum of 33 % seats in these councils ; there is no upper limit to the number of women in these councils .
The provinces are divided into 105 districts called -LRB- zillahs -RRB- .
Tehsils may contain villages or municipalities .
Since 2001 , these have been led by democratically elected local councils , each headed by a Nazim -LRB- the word means `` supervisor '' in Urdu , but is sometimes translated as Mayor -RRB- .
Pakistan has over five thousand local governments .
In recreational canoeing , maps measure portages -LRB- overland paths where canoes must be carried -RRB- in rods ; typical canoes are approximately one rod long .
A rod is the same length as a perch or a pole .
Brian Thomas Burke -LRB- born in Perth , 25 February 1947 -RRB- was Labor premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 until his resignation on 25 February 1988 .
Î Î Ï Î Î '' and the four white stripes '' Î Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Î Ï '' .
In 1978 the sea flag was adopted as the sole national flag , with a 2:3 ratio . The flag is used on both land and sea is also the war and civil ensign , replacing all other designs surviving until that time .
There is no mention of any `` state '' flag until the mid-14th century , when a Spanish atlas , the Conoscimento de todos los reinos depicts the flag of `` the Empire of Constantinople '' combining the red-on-white Cross of St George with the `` tetragrammatic cross '' of the ruling house of the Palaiologoi , featuring the four betas or pyrekvola -LRB- `` fire-steels '' -RRB- on the flag quarters representing the imperial motto Î ' Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î ' Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Î 1\/2 Î ' Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 Î ' Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 Ï Ï Î 1\/2 -LRB- VasilÃ fs VasilÃ on VasilÃ von VasilevÃ nton , `` King of Kings Reigning over those who Rule '' -RRB- .
Î Î Ï Î Î Î Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Î Ï '' -LRB- `` Freedom or Death '' , '' E-lef-the-ri-a i Tha-na-tos '' -RRB- , the five blue stripes for the syllables '' Î Î '' Î Ï
Aside from the cross , many of these flags featured saints , the phoenix -LRB- symbolizing the rebirth of the Greek nation -RRB- , mottoes such as `` Freedom or Death '' -LRB- Î Î '' Î Ï
Kazuyoshi Mikami -LRB- born 29 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Commerce is a city in Ottawa County , Oklahoma , United States .
This category is for the main cities in Brazil .
Ancient Domains of Mystery , or ADOM , is a roguelike game by Thomas Biskup first released in 1994 .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III -LRB- born April 3 , 1958 -RRB- is an American actor who has appeared on film , stage , and television .
The Chicago blues is a form of blues music that developed in Chicago , Illinois , by taking the basic acoustic guitar and harmonica-based Delta blues , making the harmonica louder with a microphone and an instrument amplifier , and adding electrically amplified guitar , amplified bass guitar , drums , piano and sometimes saxophone and trumpet .
Fort Bend County operates the Barbara Jordan Park in Needville .
Haijima Station is a railway station in Akishima , Tokyo , Japan , jointly operated by East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- and Seibu Railway .
Solitary confinement is a special form of imprisonment in which a prisoner is denied or is given only limited contact with any other persons , though often with the exception of members of prison staff .
In the US Federal Prison system , solitary confinement is known as the Special Housing Unit -LRB- SHU -RRB- , .
Solitary confinement is colloquially referred to in American English as the ` hotbox ' , the ` hole ' , ` lockdown ' , the ` SHU ' -LRB- pronounced ` shoe ' -RRB- - an acronym for security housing unit , or the ` pound ' ; and in British English as the ` block ' or the ` cooler ' .
In other states , it is known as the Special Management Unit -LRB- SMU -RRB- , pronounced \/ Ë smuË \/ .
California 's prison system also uses the abbreviation SHU , but it stands for Security Housing Units .
This latter form of solitary confinement is sometimes referred to as protective custody .
Finally , it may be used for prisoners who are at high risk of being attacked by other inmates , such as pedophiles , celebrities , or witnesses who are in prison themselves .
Opponents of solitary confinement hold that it is a form of cruel and unusual punishment and torture because the lack of human contact , and the sensory deprivation that often go with solitary confinement , can have a severe negative impact on a prisoner 's mental state that may lead to certain mental illnesses such as depression , permanent or semi-permanent changes to brain physiology , an existential crisis , , and death .
Interstate 83 -LRB- abbreviated I-83 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States .
While still technically married , Marguerite Louise had several affairs
A daughter of Gaston de France , Duke of OrlÃ ans , Marguerite Louise was obliged to surrender her rights as Princess of France in Cosimo 's contract .
Two more children followed : Anna Maria Luisa , Electress Palatine , and Gian Gastone , the last Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany .
Marguerite Louise reconciled with the Medici on more than one occasion , however , only to promptly resume hostilities .
In May 1670 , with the death of Grand Duke Ferdinando II , Marguerite Louise became Grand Duchess of Tuscany .
Although the contract , too , banned her from leaving the convent , Marguerite Louise often went to her cousin Louis XIV 's court at Versailles , where she gambled for high stakes .
She was at the center of many scandals at the convent , including an attempt to burn it down , which greatly irritated her husband , who , despite the separation , took great interest in Marguerite Louise 's life .
Thus without political influence , Marguerite Louise oversaw the education of her eldest son , Grand Prince Ferdinando .
Deprived of her lover , Charles V of Lorraine , and yearning for France , Marguerite Louise despised her husband and his family , whom she often quarrelled with and falsely suspected of attempting to poison her .
Having become Grand Duke of Tuscany upon his father 's death , in 1670 , Cosimo III , under the sway of his mother , Vittoria della Rovere , refused to grant Marguerite Louise entry to the Consulta -LRB- Privy Council -RRB- .
Marguerite Louise d'Orl Ã ans -LRB- 28 July 1645 â `` 17 September 1721 -RRB- was Grand Duchess of Tuscany , as the wife of Grand Duke Cosimo III de ' Medici .
Romulus and Remus went on to found Rome , overthrow Amulius , and reinstate Numitor as King of Alba Longa .
Louis Vincent `` Captain Lou '' Albano -LRB- July 29 , 1933 â `` October 14 , 2009 -RRB- was an Italian-American professional wrestler , manager and actor .
Although Bidar originally described the specimen as a separate species called Compsognathus corallestris , Michard and others have since relabeled it as another example of Compsognathus longipes .
The larger French specimen -LRB- MNHN CNJ 79 -RRB- was discovered in 1972 in the Portlandian lithographic limestone of Canjuers near Nice in southeastern France .
Schleusingen is a town in the district of Hildburghausen , in Thuringia , Germany .
It is situated 10 km north of Hildburghausen , and 12 km southeast of Suhl .
The name has the same origin as the Flemish city of Brugge .
Bryggen -LRB- Norwegian for the Wharf -RRB- , also known as Tyskebryggen -LRB- the German Wharf -RRB- is a series of Hanseatic commercial buildings lining the eastern side of the fjord coming into Bergen , Norway .
Bryggen has since 1979 been on the UNESCO list for World Cultural Heritage sites .
Giampiero Marini -LRB- born in Lodi , February 25 , 1951 -RRB- is an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder .
Cardiomyopathy , which literally means `` heart muscle disease , '' is the deterioration of the function of the myocardium -LRB- i.e. , the actual heart muscle -RRB- for any reason .
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
Bethel is home to the lone detention center in southwestern Alaska , the Yukon Kuskokwim Correction Center . Bethel is also one of the latest communities in Alaska to become a `` wet city '' -LRB- to allow the sale of alcohol within the city -RRB- .
The muscle wall surrounding the left ventricle is thicker than the wall surrounding the right ventricle due to the higher force needed to pump the blood through the systemic circulation .
The middle layer is called the myocardium and is composed of muscle which contracts .
The outer layer is called the epicardium , or visceral pericardium since it is also the inner wall of the pericardium .
The inner layer is called the endocardium and is in contact with the blood that the heart pumps .
The left side -LRB- see left heart -RRB- collects oxygenated blood from the lungs into the left atrium . From the left atrium the blood moves to the left ventricle , through the bicuspid valve , which pumps it out to the body -LRB- via the aorta -RRB- .
The human heart has four chambers , two superior atria and two inferior ventricles . The atria are the receiving chambers and the ventricles are the discharging chambers .
The outer wall of the human heart is composed of three layers .
Sargodha Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , the tehsil is subdivided into 62 Union Councils - 22 of which form the city of Sargodha .
Hideaki Ueno is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
Jugazan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
As an individual , apart from various awards associated with his albums and singles , Gordon Lightfoot has received sixteen Juno Awards â '' for top folk singer in 1965 , 1966 , 1968 , 1969 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 and 1977 , for top male vocalist in 1967 , 1970 , 1971 , 1972 and 1973 , and as composer of the year in 1972 and 1976 .
He has received ASCAP awards for songwriting in 1971 , 1974 , 1976 , and 1977 , and has been nominated for five Grammy Awards .
In 1980 , he was named Canadian male recording artist of the decade , for his work in the 1970s .
Robbie Robertson of The Band declared that Lightfoot was one of his `` favorite Canadian songwriters and is absolutely a national treasure . ''
Robbie Robertson of The Band declared that Lightfoot was one of his `` favorite Canadian songwriters and is absolutely a national treasure . '' Bob Dylan , also a Lightfoot fan , called him one of his favorite songwriters , and in an often-quoted tribute to his fellow songwriter , Dylan once observed that when he heard a Gordon Lightfoot song he wished `` it would last forever . ''
Gordon Lightfoot 's music career has spanned more than five decades , producing more than 200 recordings .
He was inducted into Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 .
Lightfoot was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1986 and the Canadian Country Music Hall Of Fame in 2001 .
Curio is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Octal is sometimes used in computing instead of hexadecimal .
Octal is converted to binary and then binary to hexadecimal , grouping digits by fours , which correspond each to a hexadecimal digit .
In octal numerals each place is a power with base 8 .
Numerals can be made from binary numerals by grouping consecutive binary digits into groups of three -LRB- starting from the right -RRB- .
Salonen later took the orchestra on many other tours of the United States , Europe , and Asia , and residencies at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland , The Proms in London , in Cologne for a festival of Salonen 's own works , and perhaps most notably , in 1996 at the ThÃ Ã cents tre du ChÃ cents telet in Paris for a Stravinsky festival conducted by Salonen and Pierre Boulez ; it was during this Paris residency that key Philharmonic board members heard the orchestra perform in improved acoustics and were re-invigorated to lead fundraising efforts to complete construction of Walt Disney Concert Hall .
Esa-Pekka Salonen -LRB- ; born June 30 , 1958 in Helsinki -RRB- is a Finnish orchestral conductor and composer .
Salonen and his wife Jane Price , a former musician with the Philharmonia Orchestra , have three children , two daughters , Ella Aneira and Anja Sofia , and one son , Oliver .
He is currently Principal Conductor and Artistic Advisor of the Philharmonia Orchestra in London and Conductor Laureate of the Los Angeles Philharmonic .
Salonen was principal conductor of the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra from 1984 to 1995 .
Salonen , born in Helsinki , Finland , studied horn and composition at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki , as well as conducting with Jorma Panula .
His first experience with conducting came in 1979 with the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra , though he still thought of himself principally as a composer ; in fact , Salonen has said that the primary reason he took up conducting was to ensure that someone would conduct his own compositions .
Later , Salonen studied with the composers Franco Donatoni , NiccolÃ Castiglioni and Einojuhani Rautavaara .
Salonen 's tenure with the orchestra first began with a residency at the 1992 Salzburg Festival in concert performances and as the pit orchestra in a production of the opera Saint FranÃ ois d'Assise by Olivier Messiaen ; it was the first time an American orchestra was given that opportunity .
Osamu Taninaka -LRB- born September 24 , 1964 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Trade unions have sometimes been seen as successors to the guilds of medieval Europe , though the relationship between the two is disputed .
However , in the Dvaita school of Vaishnavism , the philosopher Madhvacharya believed in a similar concept .
In Hinduism , predestination does not play an important role , as most followers believe in karma , associated with free will .
Fukushima -RCB- -RCB- is the capital city of Fukushima Prefecture in the TÅ hoku region of Japan .
The city was founded on April 1 , 1907 . On July 1 , 2008 , the town of Iino , from Date District , was annexed by the city of Fukushima .
Royal Commissions are called to look into matters of great importance and usually controversy .
These can be matters such as government structure , the treatment of minorities , events of considerable public concern or economic questions .
Consequently governments are usually very careful about framing the Terms of Reference and generally include in them a date by which the commission must finish .
In Australia -- and particularly New South Wales -- Royal Commissions have been investigations into police and government corruption and organised crime using the very broad coercive powers of the Royal Commissioner to defeat the protective systems that powerful , but corrupt , public officials had used to shield themselves from conventional investigation .
In other cases , where the Commissioner has departed from the Warranted terms , the commission has been dissolved by a superior court .
In practice -- unlike lesser forms of inquiry -- once a Commission has started the government can not stop it .
The results of Royal Commissions are published in , often , massive reports of findings containing policy recommendations .
The Warrant may grant immense investigatory powers , including summoning witnesses under oath , offering of indemnities , seizing of documents and other evidence -LRB- sometimes including those normally protected , such as classified information -RRB- , holding hearings in camera if necessary and -- in a few cases -- compelling all government officials to aid in the execution of the Commission .
Because of their quasi-judicial powers the Commissioners are often retired senior judges .
-LRB- Due to the verbose nature of the titles of these formal documents -- for example , the Royal commission into whether there has been corrupt or criminal conduct by any Western Australian Police Officer -- they are commonly known by the name of the principal Commissioner . -RRB-
A Royal Commissioner has considerable powers , generally greater even than those of a judge but restricted to the `` Terms of Reference '' of the Commission .
The Commission is created by the Head of State -LRB- the Sovereign , or his\/her representative in the form of a Governor-General or Governor -RRB- on the advice of the Government and formally appointed by Letters Patent .
Royal Commissions are usually chaired by one or more notable figures .
In states that are Commonwealth Realms a Royal Commission is a major government public inquiry into an issue .
They have been held in states such as the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Kenya and Saudi Arabia .
Many Royal Commissions last many years and , often , a different government is left to respond to the findings .
In Hong Kong , Ireland and South Africa , a Commission of Enquiry or Commission of Inquiry is similarly organised .
While these reports are often quite influential , with the government enacting some or all recommendations into law , the work of some Commissions have been almost completely ignored by the government .
Originally based on the Formula One driver results legend template , but adjusted for accuracy regarding American motorsports cultural idiosyncracies .
Subcategories have the form `` Bazian-language surnames '' .
Surnames by language origin .
Richmond is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia , in the United States .
Richmond is the center of the Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area -LRB- MSA -RRB- and the Greater Richmond area .
All teachers in Germany are now trained in that method during their pedagogic studies .
This concept has developed into a common practice throughout Germany and has been experimented with in other countries .
That experience was successful , so he could establish the `` Lernen durch Lehren '' -LRB- LdL -RRB- -LRB- learning by teaching -RRB- method in Germany .
He studied German and French in order to become a teacher at a German grammar school , becoming a professor for foreign language teaching didactics at the Catholic University of EichstÃ tt-Ingolstadt -LRB- Bavaria -RRB- in 1980 .
Martin was born in 1943 in Paris and went to Germany in 1968 .
He was the first scholar to do active research on that topic for 25 years , building a wide network with several thousand teachers and promoting it to a large scale .
Jean-Pol Martin -LRB- born 1943 , Paris , France -RRB- is a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany .
In the same year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in his French classes .
He established the teaching method `` Lernen durch Lehren '' -LRB- learning by teaching -RRB- , a method for students to learn by teaching their peers .
MÃ zidon-Canon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Canadian Museum of Flight -LRB- formally the Canadian Museum of Flight Association since 1998 -RRB- is an aviation museum at the Langley Regional Airport in Langley , British Columbia , Canada .
Fright Night is the debut album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius .
Hermann Minkowski -LRB- June 22 , 1864 â `` January 12 , 1909 -RRB- was a German mathematician of Lithuanian Jewish descent , who created and developed the geometry of numbers and who used geometrical methods to solve difficult problems in number theory , mathematical physics , and the theory of relativity .
Rudolph William Louis `` Rudy '' Giuliani , -LRB- ; born May 28 , 1944 -RRB- is an American politician who served as mayor of New York City during the September 11 terrorist attacks .
Giuliani served as mayor of New York City from 1994 through 2001 .
She is the elder sister of actor Warren Beatty .
She has written a large number of autobiographical works , many dealing with her spiritual beliefs as well as her Hollywood career .
Shirley MacLaine -LRB- born April 24 , 1934 -RRB- is an American film and theater actress , dancer , activist , and author , well-known for her beliefs in new age spirituality and reincarnation .
The United States Tennis Association -LRB- USTA -RRB- is the national governing body for the sport of tennis in the United States .
The USTA runs the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center which hosts the US Open every year .
The association was created to standardize rules and regulations and to promote and develop the growth of tennis in the United States .
A hairpin turn -LRB- also hairpin bend , hairpin corner , etc. -RRB- , named for its resemblance to a hairpin\/bobby pin , is a bend in a road with a very acute inner angle , making it necessary for an oncoming vehicle to turn almost 180 Â to continue on the road .
Kaspar Hauser -LRB- 30 April 1812 -LRB- ? -RRB- -- 17 December 1833 -RRB- was a German youth who claimed to have grown up in the total isolation of a darkened cell .
He was taken to a police station , where he would write a name : Kaspar Hauser .
A British nobleman , Lord Stanhope , took an interest in Hauser , and gained custody of him late in 1831 .
His laboratory group concluded that there is no `` safe '' threshold below which radiation is not harmful .
He later demonstrated that there were multiple genes on the Drosophila Y chromosome , and described the mechanism of dosage compensation .
Although Stern accepted an appointment at the University of Berlin after his fellowship ended , he returned to the United States in 1932 and became an American citizen in 1939 .
He studied zoology at the University of Berlin and received his PhD in 1923 at the age of 21 .
In 1931 , Stern was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in Drosophila melanogaster , only weeks after Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton had done so in maize -LRB- corn -RRB- .
The Curt Stern Award , established by the American Society of Human Genetics in 2001 , recognizes a scientist who has made major scientific achievements in human genetics during the past 10 years .
Curt Stern -LRB- August 30 , 1902 -- October 23 , 1981 -RRB- was a German-born American geneticist .
He was awarded a post-graduate fellowship at Columbia University , then the site of Thomas Hunt Morgan 's famous Fly Room -LRB- so-named for the fruit fly Drosophila , the subject of genetic research for Morgan -RRB- .
During World War II , he led research for the American government on low-dose radiation safety .
In 1936 , he demonstrated that recombination can also take place in mitosis resulting in somatic mosaics , organisms that contain two or more genetically distinct types of tissues .
Both his teaching and his textbook were instrumental in re-founding human genetics on a non-racist basis , in sharp contrast with pre-war German and American traditions in the subject .
Although not a physician , he engaged in clinical work in human genetics .
After the war his research focused on human genetics , pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation .
From 1947 until his retirement in 1970 , he was a professor at the University of California at Berkeley , where he had numerous doctoral students .
Stern was a signatory of the 1950 UNESCO statement The Race Question , a statement by leading scientists in many fields that questioned the validity and scientific foundations of racial theories and eugenics .
From 1933 to 1947 , he taught at the University of Rochester .
In 1943 he began teaching a course in human genetics to medical students at the University of Rochester .
The first edition of Stern 's pioneering textbook The Principles of Human Genetics was published in 1949 .
The Snake River Plain can be divided into three sections : western , central , and eastern .
Also located within Snake River Plain is the Idaho National Laboratory .
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The story of Ed Gein has had a lasting impact on western popular culture as evidenced by its numerous appearances in movies , music and literature . Gein 's story was adapted into a number of movies , including Deranged -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , In the Light of the Moon -LRB- 2000 -RRB- released in the U.S. as Ed Gein -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , and Ed Gein : The Butcher of Plainfield -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
His parents , George and Augusta Gein , both natives of Wisconsin , had two sons : Henry George Gein , and his younger brother , Edward Theodore Gein .
Waushara County sheriff Art Schley allegedly physically assaulted Gein during questioning by banging Gein 's head and face into a brick wall , causing Gein 's initial confession to be ruled inadmissible . Schley died of a heart attack in December 1968 , at age 43 , only a month after testifying at Gein 's trial .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 9.2 square miles -LRB- 24.0 kmÂ -RRB- , of which , 8.7 square miles -LRB- 22.5 kmÂ -RRB- of it is land and 0.6 square miles -LRB- 1.5 kmÂ -RRB- of it -LRB- 6.16 % -RRB- is water .
Ishpeming is a city in Marquette County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Ishpeming is considered the birthplace of organized skiing in the United States and is the home to the National Ski Hall of Fame .
The population was 6,686 at the 2000 census .
Ishpeming 's elevation is 1436 f above mean sea level , which is over 800 f higher than that of nearby Lake Superior .
This is down from a higher population in the 1950s and 1960s when the economically supportive iron ore mines had a much higher employment level .
Scott Kevin Walker -LRB- born November 2 , 1967 -RRB- has been the 45th Governor of Wisconsin since January 3 , 2011 .
Keisuke Tsuboi is a Japanese football player .
He is a center back and currently plays for the J-league team Urawa Red Diamonds .
During this period he married , and farmed in Lyndhurst , Hampshire .
Phillip was appointed Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony on the Australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .
In 2007 , Geoffrey Robertson QC alleged that Phillip 's remains are no longer in St Nicholas Church , Bathampton and have been lost : '' ... Captain Arthur Phillip is not where the ledger stone says he is : it may be that he is buried somewhere outside , it may simply be that he is simply lost .
Most of the 772 convicts -LRB- of whom 732 survived the voyage -RRB- were petty thieves from the London slums .
Admiral Arthur Phillip RN -LRB- 11 October 1738 â `` 31 August 1814 -RRB- was a British admiral and colonial administrator .
In 1778 Britain was again at war , and Phillip was recalled to active service , and in 1779 obtained his first command , the Basilisk .
Phillip soon decided that this site , chosen on the recommendation of Sir Joseph Banks , who had accompanied James Cook in 1770 , was not suitable , since it had poor soil , no secure anchorage and no reliable water source .
In 1762 he was promoted to Lieutenant , but was placed on half pay when the Seven Years War ended in 1763 .
The leading ship , HMS Supply reached Botany Bay setting up camp on the Kurnell Peninsula , on 18 January 1788 .
Phillip joined the Royal Navy at about fifteen , and saw action at the outbreak of the Seven Years ' War in the Mediterranean at the Battle of Minorca in 1756 .
Everything a new colony might need had to be taken , since Phillip had no real idea of what he might find when he got there .
Robertson also believes it was a `` disgraceful slur '' on Phillip 's legacy that he was not buried in one of England 's great cathedrals and was relegated to a small village church .
After some exploration Phillip decided to go on to Port Jackson , and on 26 January the marines and convicts were landed at Sydney Cove , which Phillip named after Lord Sydney .
The First Fleet , of 11 ships , set sail on 13 May 1787 .
He was promoted to captain in 1781 , and was given command of the Europe , but in 1784 he was back on half pay .
On June 4 , 1783 , Annonay was the location of the Montgolfier brothers first public unmanned hot air balloon flight .
Annonay -LRB- Anonai in Occitan -RRB- is a commune in the north of the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
It is the most populous commune in the ArdÃ che department , although it is not the capital , which resides in the smaller town of Privas .
On March 8 , 2001 , an ETA suspect was arrested at a local roadblock .
Annonay lies a few kilometres from the river RhÃ ne , 75 k south of Lyon and 40 from Saint - Ã tienne .
She is best known for her role as Lucy Camden-Kinkirk on the television series 7th Heaven and Laura Hunter in the film Saw II .
Beverley Ann Mitchell -LRB- born January 22 , 1981 -RRB- is an American actress and country music singer .
Along with American researchers Hamilton Smith and Daniel Nathans , Werner Arber shared the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the discovery of restriction endonucleases .
Werner Arber -LRB- born 3 June 1929 -RRB- is a Swiss microbiologist and geneticist .
The V sign is a hand gesture in which the index and middle fingers are raised and parted , while the other fingers are clenched .
Stu gets on the ice and picks up the babies , to the audience 's applause .
`` Reptar on Ice '' is the tenth episode of the second season of the animated television series Rugrats . It is the first segment of the twenty-third episode for the entire series .
Tommy is disgruntled at a comment Angelica makes at breakfast about the dinosaurs being extinct and expresses his concern to the other babies of the possibility of Reptar being extinct too .
As they arrive at the ice show , Leo , the actor portraying `` Reptar , '' shows his outrage at the theme of the show to the manager , Harry , and how he questions why he chose to play the part due to his dislike of children , lizards , and his inability to ice skate .
They go onto the ice and ride on the props to catch up to him .
A commercial for `` Reptar on Ice '' suddenly plays , to the shock of the babies and Stu decides to take them all .
They get caught in the midst of a scene and inadvertently interrupt the performance ; Leo tries to continue performing , but freaks out and runs off when Tommy shows him the lizard .
The performance begins and as it continues , the adults fall asleep ; the babies then take this time to give the lizard to `` Reptar . ''
It was originally broadcast on November 8 , 1992 .
The babies are now thrilled because they can now `` return '' the lizard to its `` father . ''
After an accidental suggestion by Chuckie that he 's `` hiding , '' the babies look for him in the backyard and discover a lizard which looks exactly like him and come to assumption that it is Reptar 's child .
Reptar on Ice was released on Rugrats : Decade In Diapers .
`` Reptar on Ice '' was originally broadcast on November 8 , 1992 on Nickelodeon .
To keep him a secret from the grown ups , Tommy hides the lizard inside his diaper while the babies ponder what to do with Reptar 's Baby .
The film , starring Audrey Tautou , chronicled a woman 's search for her missing lover after World War I.
Jeunet also directed numerous advertisements and music videos , such as Jean Michel Jarre 's Zoolook -LRB- together with Caro -RRB- .
The success of The City of Lost Children led to an invitation to direct the fourth movie in the Alien seriesâ `` Alien Resurrection -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
For this film , Jeunet also gained a European Film Award for Best Director .
Their first live action film was The Bunker of the Last Gunshots -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , a short film about soldiers in a bleak futuristic world .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet was born in Roanne , Loire , France . He bought his first camera at the age of 17 and made short films while studying animation at CinÃ mation Studios .
In 2004 , Jeunet released A Very Long Engagement , an adaptation of the novel by SÃ bastien Japrisot .
This story , about a woman who takes pleasure in doing good deeds but can not find love herself , was a huge critical and commercial success worldwide and was nominated for several Academy Awards .
Jeunet returned to France .
He befriended Marc Caro , a designer and comic book artist who became his longtime collaborator and co-director .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet -LRB- ; born September 3 , 1953 -RRB- is a French film director .
Together , Jeunet and Caro directed award-winning animations .
In 1938 , the first President , Douglas Hyde lived there temporarily while plans were made to build a new presidential palace on the grounds .
By 1945 it had become too closely identified with the presidency of Ireland to be demolished , though its poor condition meant that extensive demolition and rebuilding of parts of the building were necessary , notably the kitchens , servants ' quarters and chapel .
The original house was designed by park ranger and amateur architect , Nathaniel Clements in the mid eighteenth century .
However , in 1990 Mary Robinson moved back to the older main building .
The Chief Secretary for Ireland -LRB- the British Cabinet minister with responsibility for Irish affairs -RRB- , Lord Frederick Cavendish , and the Undersecretary -LRB- chief civil servant -RRB- , Thomas Henry Burke , were stabbed to death with surgical knives while walking back to the residence from Dublin Castle .
It is located in the Phoenix Park on the northside of Dublin .
During the Social Season -LRB- January to St. Patrick 's Day in March -RRB- he lived in state in Dublin Castle .
Although it has ninety-two rooms , many of these are used for storage of presidential files , for household staff and official staff , including military aides-de-camp , a Secretary to the President -LRB- somewhat equivalent to Chief of Staff in the White House , except it is a permanent civil service position -RRB- and a press office .
Ã ras an UachtarÃ in , formerly the Viceregal Lodge , is the official residence of the President of Ireland .
His official residence was in the Viceregal Apartments in Dublin Castle .
On 1 May 2004 , during Ireland 's six-month presidency of the European Union , Ã ras an Uachtarain was the Venue for the European Day of Welcomes -LRB- Accession Day -RRB- in which ten new members joined the EU .
It was bought by the administration of the British Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to become his summer residence in the 1780s .
Ã ras an UachtarÃ in also houses the headquarters of the Garda Mounted Unit .
In 2001 , the Irish state opened a guest residence nearby in Farmleigh , a former Guinness mansion .
Guests do not normally stay at the Ã ras .
All 25 heads of government attended the flag raising ceremony in the gardens of the palace .
The current occupant , Mary McAleese lives in the 1911 wing .
The Lord Lieutenant , the 5th Earl Spencer , heard the victims screams from a ground floor window in the drawing room .
It remained the residence of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State until 1932 , when the new Governor-General , Domhnall Ua Buachalla , was installed in a specially hired private mansion in the southside of Dublin .
Other famous visitors to the Ã ras an UachtarÃ in have been Princess Grace of Monaco and her husband , Prince Rainier III ; King Baudouin of the Belgians ; King Juan Carlos and Queen Sophia ; Pope John Paul II ; Prince Charles , and Prince Philip .
In 1882 , its grounds became the location for a famous murder .
With the creation of the Irish Free State in 1922 , the office of Lord Lieutenant was abolished .
In 1911 , the house underwent a large extension for the visit of King George V and Queen Mary .
The house in the park later became the Viceregal Lodge , the `` out of season '' residence of the Lord Lieutenant -LRB- also known as the Viceroy -RRB- , where he lived for most of the year from the 1820s onwards .
Various visiting British monarchs stayed at the Viceregal Lodge , notably Queen Victoria and George V. American presidents hosted here include Presidents John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , all of Irish descent .
The house was left empty for some years , until the office of President of Ireland was created in 1937 .
Later presidents moved to the new residential wing attached to the main house that had been built on for the visit of King George V in 1911 .
Ã ras an UachtarÃ in is now open for free tours every Saturday .
The first President , Douglas Hyde lived in the residential quarters on the first floor of the main building .
The outbreak of World War II saved the building , which had been renamed Ã ras an UachtarÃ in -LRB- meaning house of the president in Irish -RRB- , from demolition , as plans for its demolition and the design of a new residence were put on hold .
A small insurgent group called the Invincibles was responsible for the deed .
Le Vey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
SebastiÃ # o Miranda da Silva Filho , usually called Mirandinha , -LRB- born 26 February 1952 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer who was included in the 1974 FIFA World Cup squad of the Brazil national football team .
`` Jesus Christ Pose '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden , released in 1991 as the first single from the band 's third studio album , Badmotorfinger -LRB- 1991 -RRB- .
Panama is a city in Shelby County , Iowa , United States .
It is a low tundra-covered island with an irregular coastline deeply indented by Ommanney Bay in the west and Browne Bay in the east .
One of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago , Prince of Wales Island is an Arctic island in Nunavut , Canada , lying between Victoria Island and Somerset Island and south of the Queen Elizabeth Islands .
Its highest known point , found at â `` and 320 m â `` is an unnamed spot in the island 's far northeastern end overlooking the Baring Channel , which separates the island from nearby Russell Island .
Its area has been estimated at 33339 k. Prince of Wales Island is the world 's 40th largest island and the 10th largest in Canada .
Unna is situated on an ancient salt-trading route , the Hellweg road .
Unna is a town of around 67,000 people in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , the seat of the Unna district .
He was given the title of LSO President , which he held until his death .
He secured a top post at the Vienna State Opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director .
BÃ hm studied law and earned a doctorate on this subject . He later studied music at the Graz Conservatory .
He received numerous honors , among them first Austrian Generalmusikdirektor in 1964 .
He was widely feted on his 80th birthday , ten years later ; his colleague Herbert von Karajan presented him with a clock to mark that occasion .
Karl August Leopold BÃ hm -LRB- August 28 , 1894 - August 14 , 1981 -RRB- was an Austrian conductor .
On the recommendation of Karl Muck , Bruno Walter engaged him at Munich 's Bavarian State Opera in 1921 .
However , researchers used transparent duct tape that unlike the gray duct tape does not contain rubber .
It is also called `` duck tape '' , `` riggers ' tape '' , `` hurricane tape '' , or `` 100-mph tape '' â '' a name that comes from the use of a specific variety of duct tape that was supposed to hold up to 100 mph -LRB- 160.93 km\/h -RRB- winds .
The term duct tape can lead to confusion between people more familiar with the North American usage of the term and those from regions such as Australia and New Zealand , where a completely different type of tape is sold as duct tape , as shown right . This duct tape is a 48 m wide PVC tape -LRB- usually silver in color -RRB- with no cloth backing and much weaker clear adhesive .
Professional certification , trade certification , or professional designation , often called simply certification or qualification , is a designation earned by a person to assure qualification to perform a job or task .
Certifications are very common in aviation , construction , technology , environment , and other industrial sectors , as well as health care , business and finance .
It was part of Quetta Division until the year 2000 when divisions were abolished .
Quetta is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
The Sega Neptune was a two-in-one Mega Drive\/Genesis and 32X console which Sega planned to release in 1994 or 1995 .
These games were labeled with Sega Mega-CD 32X -LRB- Sega CD 32X in North America -RRB- .
It was distributed under the name Sega Super 32X in Japan , Sega Genesis 32X in North America , Sega Mega Drive 32X in the PAL region , and Sega Mega 32X in Brazil .
Sega planned a console named the Sega Neptune , which would have been a Mega Drive and 32X in one .
Sega felt that the console could have replaced the Sega Mega Drive , but consumers would not be interested in the Sega Neptune , so the project was scrapped .
Also , Sega 's Power Base Converter , which allows one to play Sega Master System games on a Mega Drive , could not be used with the 32X attached .
Sega had admitted how expensive and problematic the 32X was , so it decided to make a combined version of the Mega Drive\/Genesis and 32X ; however , by the time a prototype came out , the Sega Saturn was ready for release .
The 32X itself does not pass through this pin to the Mega Drive , and therefore , the Mega Drive is unable to enter Master System mode with the 32X attached .
The Celtic Sea is the area of the Atlantic Ocean off the south coast of Ireland .
The southern and western boundaries are limited by the continental shelf , which drops away sharply .
It is bounded to the east by Saint George 's Channel , the Bristol Channel , the English Channel , and the Bay of Biscay , as well as adjacent portions of Wales , Cornwall , Devon , and Brittany .
It is the head town of the CapitÃ n Sarmiento Partido .
The town and Partido were established by provincial law on December 21 , 1961 .
Antimony trifluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula SbF3 . Sometimes called Swart 's reagent , is one of two principal fluorides of antimony , the other being SbF5 .
KleinlÃ 1\/4 tzel is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Flagstaff is the county seat of Coconino County .
Flagstaff is located at .
Although for the rest of his career Heseltine 's role in Thatcher 's downfall earned him enmity from Thatcher 's supporters in the Conservative Party this opprobrium was not universal . In a reference to the reluctance of the Cabinet to support Thatcher on the second ballot Edward Leigh said of Heseltine : `` At least he stabbed her in the front '' .
Michael Ray Dibdin Heseltine , Baron Heseltine , CH , PC -LRB- born 21 March 1933 -RRB- is a British businessman , Conservative politician and patron of the Tory Reform Group .
Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Kazushige Kirihata is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
Segarcea is a small town in Dolj County , Romania , about 25 kilometres from Craiova , the county seat .
Alan Carr -LRB- born 14 June 1976 -RRB- is an English comedian and television personality .
Dirceu JosÃ GuimarÃ # es , known as Dirceu -LRB- ; June 15 , 1952 in Rio de Janeiro â `` September 15 , 1995 -RRB- , was a football player from Brazil .
It borders Peeblesshire to the west , Midlothian to the north , Berwickshire to the north-east , Roxburghshire to the east , and Dumfriesshire to the south .
Selkirkshire or the County of Selkirk is a registration county of Scotland .
It derives its name from its county town , the Royal burgh of Selkirk .
GHB is naturally produced in the human body 's cells and is structurally related to the ketone body beta-hydroxybutyrate .
The role of the GHB receptor in the behavioural effects induced by GHB is more complex . GHB receptors are densely expressed in many areas of the brain , including the cortex and hippocampus , and these are the receptors that GHB displays the highest affinity for .
Î - Hydroxybutyric acid -LRB- GHB -RRB- , also known as 4-hydroxybutanoic acid and sodium oxybate -LRB- INN -RRB- when used for medicinal purposes , is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system , wine , beef , small citrus fruits , and almost all animals in small amounts .
GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation , and so is found in small quantities in some beers and wines .
Shinji Ono is a Japanese football player , who plays as a midfielder for Shimizu S-Pulse in Japan .
To use this template , simply copy the text below and replace the text between the with the desired result .
It is named after Laomedeia , one of the 50 Nereids .
It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 23,571,000 km and is about 42 kilometers in diameter -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- .
It was discovered by Matthew J. Holman , et al . on August 13 , 2002 .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 -LRB- IAUC 8802 -RRB- , it was known as S\/2002 N 3 .
A penalty in ice hockey is a punishment for inappropriate behavior .
The surface gravity may be thought of as the acceleration due to gravity experienced by a hypothetical test particle which is very close to the object 's surface and which , in order not to disturb the system , has negligible mass.
The surface gravity , g , of an astronomical or other object is the gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface .
Surface gravity is measured in units of acceleration , which , in the SI system , are meters per second squared .
It may also be expressed as a multiple of the Earth 's standard surface gravity , g = 9.80665 m\/s2 .
In astrophysics , the surface gravity may be expressed as log g , which is obtained by first expressing the gravity in cgs units , where the unit of acceleration is centimeters per second squared , and then taking the base 10 logarithm .
The name `` Dhakeshwari '' -LRB- à cents à 3\/4 à à à à à à à Ã hakeshshori -RRB- means `` Goddess of Dhaka '' .
The Easter Bunny will either put the baskets in a designated place or hide them somewhere in the house or garden for the children to find when they wake up in the morning .
In legend , the creature brings baskets filled with colored eggs , candy and sometimes also toys to the homes of children on the night before Easter .
The Easter Bunny or Easter Hare -LRB- sometimes Spring Bunny in the U.S. -RRB- is a character depicted as a rabbit bringing Easter eggs , who sometimes is depicted with clothes .
Bearden is a city in Ouachita County , Arkansas , United States .
Coaraze is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
It is little known but is known to be a shy nocturnal grazer which does not gather in groups .
Woodward 's Wallaroo -LRB- Macropus bernardus -RRB- , also known as the Black Wallaroo and Bernard 's Wallaroo , is a species of macropod restricted to a small , mountainous area in Arnhem Land , Northern Territory , between South Alligator River and Nabarlek .
It is sexually dimorphic , with the male being completely black or dark brown and the female a mid-grey color .
Elena Olegovna Bovina -LRB- born March 10 , 1983 , Moscow , Russia -RRB- is a Russian professional female tennis player .
On April 4 , 2005 Bovina reached her career-high singles ranking : World No. 14 .
vCards are often attached to e-mail messages , but can be exchanged in other ways , such as on the World Wide Web or Instant Messaging .
vCard is a file format standard for electronic business cards .
Ryosuke Okuno -LRB- born 13 November 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is situated a mere 170 y away from Dens Park , home of rivals Dundee ; the two stadia are the closest senior football grounds anywhere in the world .
The club has only ever played one home fixture at another venue .
With planning permission given to a proposed site at Caird Park , special dispensation was requested to proceed with the proposal , as rules at the time forbade SPL teams from groundsharing .
This was a League Cup tie against Rangers in March 1947 , when despite snow rendering Tannadice Park unplayable , the match was able to go ahead across the road at Dens Park .
The comparative age and proximity of their stadiums has led to various discussions about the possibility of both Dundee clubs moving to a new , purpose-built shared stadium .
Following Scotland 's failed bid to host the tournament , the scheme was shelved , although it was resurrected in June 2008 , following doubts about joint-host Ukraine 's ability to stage Euro 2012 , and the SFA 's keenness to act as an alternative host .
The most recent proposal was put forward as part of Scotland 's bid to jointly host the UEFA Euro 2008 championship , with several clubs seeking to benefit from a new stadium .
Dundee United 's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park , located on Tannadice Street in the Clepington area of the city .
Asperg is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg , Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
It is situated 15 km north of Stuttgart , and 4 km west of Ludwigsburg .
The Hohenasperg fortress is situated in Asperg .
Mesopotamia housed historically important cities such as Uruk , Nippur , Nineveh , and Babylon , as well as major territorial states such as the city of Ma-asesblu , the Akkadian kingdom , the Third Dynasty of Ur , and the Assyrian empire .
Some of the important historical Mesopotamian leaders were Ur-Nammu -LRB- king of Ur -RRB- , Sargon -LRB- who established the Akkadian Empire -RRB- , Hammurabi -LRB- who established the Old Babylonian state -RRB- , and Tiglath-Pileser I -LRB- who established the Assyrian Empire -RRB- .
The history of the human occupation of Mesopotamia begins in the Lower Paleolithic period , and ends with either the rise of the Achaemenid Persians in the 6th century BC or the Muslim conquest of Mesopotamia in the 7th century CE .
For example , it is not possible to refer to a furniture or three furnitures . This is true even though the pieces of furniture comprising furniture could be counted .
A proper noun or proper name is a noun representing unique entities -LRB- such as London , Jupiter , Larry , or Toyota -RRB- , as distinguished from common nouns which describe a class of entities -LRB- such as city , planet , person or car -RRB- .
But verbs , adjectives , and adverbs are not nouns , and nouns are not verbs , adjectives , or adverbs .
Mass nouns -LRB- or non-count nouns -RRB- differ from count nouns in precisely that respect : they ca n't take plural or combine with number words or quantifiers .
These nouns have slightly different grammatical properties than other nouns .
Kingsley is a city in Plymouth County , Iowa , United States .
The longest article , on the United States , resulted from the merging of the 50 articles on each state .
The MacropÃ dia was introduced in the 15th edition -LRB- 1974 -RRB- with 19 volumes having 4,207 articles .
In the drastic reorganization of that edition in 1985 , these articles were combined and condensed into 17 volumes with roughly 700 articles , ranging in length from 2-310 pages .
The 17-volume MacropÃ dia is the third part of the EncyclopÃ dia Britannica ; the other two parts are the 12-volume MicropÃ dia and the 1-volume PropÃ dia .
Alberigo Evani -LRB- born January 1 , 1963 in Massa -RRB- is an Italian former football player in midfielder role .
-LRB- Note : This is the hamlet Argyle -LRB- not the Rural Municipality of Argyle which is located in Southern Manitoba , near Brandon . -RRB-
Empurany is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
`` Phylum '' applies formally to any biological domain , but traditionally it was always used for animals , whereas `` Division '' was traditionally often used for plants , fungi , etc.
Grandchamp-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
John Alexander -LRB- Jocky -RRB- Scott -LRB- born 14 January 1948 in Aberdeen -RRB- is a Scottish football coach and former player probably best known for his playing career , and three managerial spells with Dundee .
Its headquarters are in Hershey , Pennsylvania , which is also home to Hershey 's Chocolate World .
In 1903 , Hershey began construction of a chocolate plant in his hometown , Derry Church , Pennsylvania , which later came to be known as Hershey , Pennsylvania .
It was founded by Milton S. Hershey in 1894 as the Hershey Chocolate Company , a subsidiary of his Lancaster Caramel Company .
Other Milton Hershey established companies include Hershey Trust Company , and Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company , which runs Hersheypark , a chocolate-themed amusement park , the Hershey Bears minor professional hockey team , Hersheypark Stadium and the GIANT Center .
Hershey 's products are sold worldwide .
The Hershey Company , known until April 2005 as the Hershey Chocolate Corporation and commonly called Hershey 's , is the largest chocolate manufacturer in North America .
Tomonori Hirayama -LRB- born 9 January 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Castelmoron-d ` Albret is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Rise of a Hero is the 2005 fantasy novel which comprises the second book in the Farsala Trilogy by Hilari Bell .
Keiji Yoshimura is a Japanese footballer who plays for Nagoya Grampus .
Reading is a major junction point on the National Rail system , and as a consequence the railway station is a major transfer point as well as serving heavy originating and terminating traffic .
Reading railway station -LRB- formerly Reading General -RRB- is a major rail transport hub in the English town of Reading .
Adjacent to the railway station is a bus interchange , served by most of Reading 's urban and rural bus services .
It is situated on the northern edge of the town center , close to the main retail and commercial areas , and also the River Thames .
The station is sponsored by ING Direct and the University of Reading .
Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The remnants crossed Newfoundland before turning to the east-northeast , and on July 19 the system dissipated .
No official forecasts were issued for the system ; however the Atlantic Storm Prediction Centre issued marine gale warnings for the storm .
The southern area was centered about 200 miles -LRB- 320 km -RRB- south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina and ultimately became Tropical Storm Beryl , while the northern area was centered about 290 miles -LRB- 470 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Cod , Massachusetts .
Shortly thereafter , the storm encountered much cooler water temperatures after leaving the Gulf Stream .
Upon entering the area of responsibility of the Canadian Hurricane Centre , a Canadian buoy recorded maximum sustained winds of 36 mph -LRB- 56 km\/h -RRB- with gusts to 44 mph -LRB- 70 km\/h -RRB- .
The 2006 Nova Scotia tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone that was unnamed operationally during the season but was recognized during post-season analysis and designated AL022006 .
The northern area developed into an extratropical low on July 16 after an upper-level trough approached it from the west .
The second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season , the system developed as an extratropical cyclone to the southeast of Nantucket , Massachusetts , on July 16 from a dissipating cold front .
Moving northeastward over warm water temperatures of 80 â `` 82 Â F -LRB- 27 â `` 28 Â C -RRB- , the trough weakened , and late on July 16 the system separated itself from the dissipating cold front .
The storm quickly reached peak winds of 50 mph -LRB- 85 km\/h -RRB- before encountering cooler waters and weakening .
It continued to strengthen , and late on July 17 the storm attained peak winds of 50 mph -LRB- 85 km\/h -RRB- while located about 245 miles -LRB- 395 km -RRB- south of Halifax , Nova Scotia .
A cold front moved off the East Coast of the United States late on July 13 and subsequently stalled over the western Atlantic Ocean .
It tracked northeastward over warm water temperatures , and on July 17 transitioned into a tropical storm after an area of convection developed over the center .
The storm quickly weakened as the convection rapidly diminished , and on July 18 it degenerated into a non-convective remnant low .
Shortly thereafter , a large burst of convection developed near the center , and it is estimated the system transitioned into a tropical depression early on July 17 while located about 240 miles -LRB- 390 km -RRB- southeast of Nantucket , Massachusetts .
Though cosmetic or aesthetic surgery is the best-known kind of plastic surgery , most plastic surgery is not cosmetic : plastic surgery includes many types of reconstructive surgery , hand surgery , microsurgery , and the treatment of burns .
Plastic surgery is a medical specialty concerned with the correction or restoration of form and function . Though cosmetic or aesthetic surgery is the best-known kind of plastic surgery , most plastic surgery is not cosmetic : plastic surgery includes many types of reconstructive surgery , hand surgery , microsurgery , and the treatment of burns .
Marmalade can be made from lemons , limes , grapefruits , mandarins and sweet oranges or any combinations thereof .
The optional parameter `` extra = -1 '' can be used to return a specific value when a string exceeds the 70-character limit .
The Template : Strlen_quick gives the length of parameter 1 , as a string , with a count of 0-70 characters , using a simple , quick method .
The template was designed to run quickly and use only 5 levels of expansion depth , rather than 9-13 or more levels as in other string-length templates .
The default result is -1 to indicate a string longer than 70 characters .
She has written more than 30 books for all ages , and has won many awards , including the Children 's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times , the Victorian Premier 's Literary Award , the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction , the IBBY Australia Ena Noel Encouragement Award , and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction .
Catherine Jinks -LRB- born 1963 -RRB- is an Australian author .
Milford is home to a substantial art community . The Milford Cultural Center , operated by the Milford Council for the Arts , offers various events throughout the year .
His wife was Moina Mathers -LRB- nÃ e Mina Bergson -RRB- , sister of the philosopher Henri Bergson .
Samuel Liddell -LRB- or Liddel -RRB- `` MacGregor '' Mathers -LRB- January 8 or 11 , 1854 -- November 5 or 20 , 1918 -RRB- was one of the most influential figures in modern Occultism .
His father , William M. Mathers , died while Samuel Liddell was still a boy .
Samuel Liddell was born on January 8 or January 11 , 1854 in Hackney , London , England .
His mother , whose maiden name was Collins , died in 1885 .
He attended Bedford Grammar School , subsequently working in Bournemouth , Dorset , as a clerk , before moving to London following the death of his mother .
None of the individual contributors , system operators , developers , sponsors of Wikipedia nor anyone else connected to Wikipedia can take any responsibility for the results or consequences of any attempt to use or adopt any of the information presented on this web site .
Nothing on Wikipedia.org or included as part of any project of Wikimedia Foundation Inc. , should be construed as an attempt to offer or render a medical opinion or otherwise engage in the practice of medicine .
Wikipedia is not a doctor .
Strong acids dissolve gallium , forming gallium -LRB- III -RRB- salts such as -LRB- -LRB- gallium -LRB- III -RRB- sulfate -RRB- -RRB- and -LRB- -LRB- gallium -LRB- III -RRB- nitrate -RRB- -RRB- . Aqueous solutions of gallium -LRB- III -RRB- salts contain the hydrated gallium ion , .
Strong acids dissolve gallium , forming gallium -LRB- III -RRB- salts such as -LRB- -LRB- gallium -LRB- III -RRB- sulfate -RRB- -RRB- and -LRB- -LRB- gallium -LRB- III -RRB- nitrate -RRB- -RRB- .
Because the Islamic calendar is a lunar calendar , eleven days shorter than the Gregorian calendar used in the Western world , the Gregorian date of the Hajj changes from year to year .
The pilgrimage occurs from the 8th to 12th day of Dhu al-Hijjah , the 12th and last month of the Islamic calendar .
It is available on digital radio -LRB- DAB -RRB- , digital satellite television , digital terrestrial television -LRB- Freeview -RRB- , and the Internet .
Launched at 18:00 on 16 August 2002 , it had been codenamed Network X during the consulation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
The upper age range is deliberately lower than sister station Radio 1 which is closer to 35 .
According to the `` Submission to the Secretary of State 's review of digital channels '' in March 2004 , Radio 1Xtra `` provides music output 24 hours a day , punctuated by bespoke BBC news bulletins and other speech output designed specifically to be pertinent to the audience . ''
Typical music includes largely British and North American hip hop , grime , bassline , garage , dubstep , drum and bass , UK funky , dancehall , soca , reggae , gospel music , bhangra and R&B .
1Xtra 's typical audience is between 15 and 30 years old .
BBC Radio 1Xtra is a digital radio station in the United Kingdom from the BBC specialising in new black music , sometimes referred to as urban music .
The station is broadcast from a dedicated building shared with Radio 1 , Yalding House in central London , part of the BBC 's sprawling Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
The selenate ion is SeO42 â `` .
Pax Romana -LRB- Latin for `` Roman peace '' -RRB- was the long period of relative peace and minimal expansion by military force experienced by the Roman Empire in the 1st and 2nd centuries AD . Since it was established by Caesar Augustus it is sometimes called Pax Augusta .
Since it was established by Caesar Augustus it is sometimes called Pax Augusta . Its span was about 207 years -LRB- 27 BC to 180 AD -RRB- .
ClÃ udio Roberto da Silva , commonly known as ClÃ udio CaÃ apa or simply CaÃ apa -LRB- Pronounced Kassapa -RRB- -LRB- born 29 May 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
A total of 98 Class 33s were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company -LRB- BRCW -RRB- and were known as `` Cromptons '' after the Crompton Parkinson electrical equipment installed in them .
The original -LRB- 1957 -RRB- number sequence was D6500 -- D6597 .
The British Rail Class 33 also known as the BRCW Type 3 or Crompton is a class of Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotives ordered in 1957 and built for the Southern Region of British Railways between 1960 and 1962 .
Following is a list of physicists who are notable for their achievements .
In total , around 100 organizations were responsible for service delivery in Greater London .
He deliberately antagonised Thatcher through a series of actions -LRB- including posting a billboard of London 's rising unemployment figures on the side of County Hall , directly opposite Parliament -RRB- ; a Fares Fair policy of reducing Tube and bus fares using government subsidies ; entering into dialogue with Sinn FÃ in MP Gerry Adams at a time when Adams was banned from entering Britain due to his links with the Provisional IRA ; and endorsing a statue of Nelson Mandela while Thatcher regarded the future South African president as a terrorist .
The Labor Party had controlled the London County Council from 1934 and by the 1950s the Conservative Government considered that elections were becoming one-sided , since the LCC covered only the inner -LRB- generally Labour-voting -RRB- districts .
The Mayor of London elections were won by the same Ken Livingstone , who began his victory speech with the words : `` As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted 14 years ago ... '' .
In 1999 a referendum was held on the establishment of a new London authority and elected mayor , which was approved by a two to one margin .
The new Greater London Authority -LRB- GLA -RRB- was established in 2000 .
Livingstone 's high-spend socialist policies put the GLC into direct conflict with Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government .
Most of the powers of the GLC were devolved to the London boroughs .
It replaced the earlier London County Council -LRB- LCC -RRB- which had covered a much smaller area .
The Local Government Act 1985 , which abolished the GLC , faced considerable opposition from many quarters but was narrowly passed in Parliament , setting the end of the council for 31 March 1986 .
The government sought to create a new body covering all of London .
The Greater London Council -LRB- GLC -RRB- was the top-tier local government administrative body for Greater London from 1965 to 1986 .
Some powers , such as the fire service , were taken over by joint boards made up of councillors appointed by the boroughs - see waste authorities in Greater London for an example .
Livingstone soon became a thorn in the side of the sitting Conservative government .
The GLA has a very different structure to the GLC , consisting of a directly elected Mayor of London and a London Assembly .
Tony Blair 's Labor government was elected in 1997 , and was committed to bringing back London-wide government .
Magden is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
On November 9 , 1882 , Baum married Maud Gage , a daughter of Matilda Joslyn Gage , a famous women 's suffrage and radical feminist activist .
In 1900 , Baum and Denslow -LRB- with whom he shared the copyright -RRB- published The Wonderful Wizard of Oz to much critical acclaim and financial success .
Baum has been credited as the editor of In Other Lands Than Ours -LRB- 1907 -RRB- , a collection of letters written by his wife Maud Gage Baum .
Baum went on to write thirteen more novels based on the places and people of the Land of Oz .
This is a list of places in Iran .
Yosuke Saito -LRB- , born April 7 , 1988 in Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Yokohama F. Marinos .
HÃ zecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was re-released on March 9 , 1999 as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection video series .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians was first released to theaters on January 25 , 1961 .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians , often abbreviated as 101 Dalmatians , is a 1961 American animated film produced by Walt Disney and based on the novel The Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith .
A 2-disc Platinum Edition DVD was released on March 4 , 2008 .
On December 19 , 1999 , it received its first DVD release as part of Disney 's Limited Issue series .
The film features Rod Taylor as the voice of Pongo , the first of the Dalmatians , and Betty Lou Gerson as the voice of the villainous Cruella de Vil .
After its initial theatrical run , it was re-released to theaters four more times : January 1969 , June 1979 , December 1985 , and July 1991 .
The earliest of these endeavors was the live-action remake , 101 Dalmatians . Starring Glenn Close as Cruella De Vil , none of the animals talked in this 1996 edition .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians was released on VHS on April 10 , 1992 as part of the Walt Disney Classics video series .
Grangeville is a city in and the county seat of Idaho County , Idaho , United States , in the north central part of the state .
Articles on genera and species can be found within the subfamily categories .
Legumes are the genera and species of the Magnoliophyta family Fabaceae in the order Fabales .
Luigi `` Gigi '' Delneri , often incorrectly written as Del Neri -LRB- born August 23 , 1950 -RRB- is an Italian football manager and former player , who was hired to manage Juventus F.C. on May 19 , 2010 .
The San Marino national football team -LRB- Italian : Nazionale di calcio di San Marino -RRB- is the national football team of San Marino , controlled by the San Marino Football Federation -LRB- FSGC -RRB- .
The Barbary Falcon -LRB- Falco pelegrinoides -RRB- is a medium-sized falcon about the size of a crow .
This bird of prey breeds in the Canary Islands and on the coasts of north Africa .
Journans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Examples of casseroles prepared in this manner are tuna casserole -LRB- with canned tuna , cooked pasta , sometimes peas , and cream-of-mushroom soup -RRB- and green bean casserole -LRB- green beans with cream of mushroom soup , topped with french fried onions -RRB- . A similar staple food , macaroni and cheese , can also be prepared as a casserole .
The word casserole is also used for the food cooked and served in such a vessel , with the cookware itself called a casserole dish or casserole pan .
Esquerdes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Having reigned since 9 June 1946 , he is the world 's longest-serving current head of state and the longest-reigning monarch in Thai history .
Bhumibol Adulyadej -LRB- Royal Institute : Phumiphon Adunyadet ; , ; see full title below ; born 5 December 1927 -RRB- is the current King of Thailand .
Bhumibol was crowned King of Thailand on 5 May 1950 at the Royal Palace in Bangkok where he pledged that he would `` reign with righteousness for the benefit and happiness of the Siamese people '' -LRB- '' à à # à à à à à # à à à à à à à '' à à à à '' à cents à à # à # à à à à à à à à # à à à cents à à à à à à à à `` à à à à `` à à à à à à à à cents à à '' -RRB- .
He is known as Rama IX -LRB- and within the Thai royal family and to close associates simply as Lek -RRB- .
Norbury is 6.7 m south of Charing Cross .
Norbury is a town in the London Borough of Croydon , also crossing the London Borough of Merton .
It shares the postcode London SW16 with nearby Streatham .
The town hosts the Beaminster Festival , an annual nine-day music and art festival .
It has been released for all three seventh generation video game systems : the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii .
Call of Duty 3 is a World War II first-person shooter and the third installment in the Call of Duty video game series first released on November 7 , 2006 .
A common use of the pinhole camera is to capture the movement of the sun over a long period of time .
A pinhole camera 's shutter is usually manually operated because of the lengthy exposure times , and consists of a flap of some light-proof material to cover and uncover the pinhole .
The image may be projected onto a translucent screen for real-time viewing -LRB- popular for observing solar eclipses ; see also camera obscura -RRB- , or can expose photographic film or a charge coupled device -LRB- CCD -RRB- .
This type of photography is called Solargraphy .
Saint - Ã tienne-du-Gr Ã s is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southern France .
The Ig Nobel Prize satire on trivial scientific research describes this as `` first make people laugh , and then make them think '' - a fair definition of satire itself .
The Plot of Satire .
Vandeins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Owensboro is the fourth largest city by population in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
Rupperswil is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Oman national football team is the national team of Oman .
Maurice Samuel ` Mo ' Vaughn -LRB- born December 15 , 1967 in Norwalk , Connecticut -RRB- , nicknamed `` The Hit Dog '' , is a former Major League Baseball first baseman .
Sturgis is a city in Union County , Kentucky , United States .
Grillon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The area once occupied by the state -LRB- 5,282 kmÂ -RRB- now forms two districts of Pakistan - Upper Dir and Lower Dir .
The two districts were part of Malakand Division until divisions were abolished as an administrative tier .
Dir was a small princely state located in what is today Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The state ceased to exist in 1969 when it was incorporated into Pakistan .
In Britain very small crustaceans with a brownish shell are called shrimp , and are used to make potted shrimp .
Shrimp are swimming , decapod crustaceans classified in the infraorder Caridea , found widely around the world in both fresh and salt water .
Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Stephen Gregory `` Steve '' Yzerman -LRB- Ë aÉ zÉ rmÉ n ; born May 9 , 1965 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and current general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League .
There are several temples where Ravana is worshipped . Ravana is considered most revered devotee of Lord Shiva .
Having obtained his boon , Ravana started back on his journey to Lanka .
Lee Van Cleef -LRB- January 9 , 1925 -- December 16 , 1989 -RRB- was an American film actor who appeared mostly in Western and action pictures .
It is a misconception by many on the internet that feather dusters are effective by means of static electricity .
ChÃ merÃ - le-Roi is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Coirac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Ivan `` Ivica '' Osim -LRB- born 6 May 1941 in Sarajevo -RRB- is a Bosnian football manager and former player from the former Yugoslavia .
It is located on the Niger River , near the rapids that divide the Upper and Middle Niger Valleys , in the southwestern part of the country .
Pierluigi Casiraghi -LRB- born 4 March 1969 -RRB- is an Italian former footballer who played as a striker .
On 14 March , an illustrated BBC report showed a picture of the town , describing it as `` almost completely flattened . ''
According to the police , every building smaller than three stories high has been completely flooded , with buildings bigger than three stories high being flooded partially , one of the buildings being the city hall , where the water also reached as high as the third floor .
`` Rikuzen-Takata effectively no longer exists . ''
Local officials estimate that 20 % to 40 % of the town 's population is dead .
Although the town was well prepared for earthquakes and tsunamis and had a 6.5 metre high seawall , it was not enough and more than 80 % of 8,000 houses were swept away .
The town 's tsunami shelters were designed for a wave of three to four metres in height , but the tsunami of March 2011 created a wave 13 metres high which inundated the designated safe locations .
Rikuzentakata was reported to have been `` wiped off the map '' by the tsunami following the TÅ hoku earthquake .
He currently plays for Al-Ansar in Lebanon .
EdÃ lson JosÃ da Silva -LRB- born 8 December 1978 -RRB- is a Brazilian football striker .
There are many other more unusual types of barometer .
A barometer is a scientific instrument used in meteorology to measure atmospheric pressure .
From variations on the storm barometer , such as the Collins Patent Table Barometer , to more traditional looking designs such as Hooke 's Otheometer and the Ross Sympiesometer .
It can measure the pressure exerted by the atmosphere by using water , air , or mercury . Pressure tendency can forecast short term changes in the weather .
Although Evangelista Torricelli is universally credited with inventing the barometer in 1643 , historical documentation also suggests Gasparo Berti , an Italian mathematician and astronomer , unintentionally built a water barometer sometime between 1640 and 1643 .
Castilly is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Tata Indica is a hatchback automobile range manufactured by Tata Motors of India .
Naoya Kondo is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kashiwa Reysol .
Mouilleron-en-Pareds is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Audincthun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Kanfen is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France .
Evaldo Silva dos Santos or simply Evaldo -LRB- born January 4 , 1983 in JanaÃ ba - MG -RRB- , is a Brazilian central defender .
Daniel Alberto Passarella -LRB- born 25 May 1953 in Chacabuco , Buenos Aires province -RRB- is a former Argentine football center back and former manager of the Argentine and Uruguayan national football teams .
Wolfwil is a municipality in the district of GÃ u in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The lost energy converts into heat , which raises the temperature of the system .
Dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward-flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy .
Such systems are called dissipative systems .
In computational physics , numerical dissipation -LRB- also known as `` numerical diffusion '' -RRB- refers to certain side-effects that may occur as a result of a numerical solution to a differential equation .
Very often these devices look like small waterfalls or cascades , where water flows vertically or over riprap to lose some of its kinetic force .
In physics , dissipation embodies the concept of a dynamical system where important mechanical models , such as waves or oscillations , lose energy over time , typically from friction or turbulence .
The precise nature of the effects depends on the nature of the wave : an atmospheric wave , for instance , may dissipate close to the surface due to friction with the land mass , and at higher levels due to radiative cooling .
Various devices are designed in streambeds to reduce the kinetic energy of flowing waters to reduce their erosive potential on banks and river bottoms .
When the pure advection equation , which is free of dissipation , is solved by a numerical approximation method , the energy of the initial wave may be reduced in a way analogous to a diffusional process . Such a method is said to contain ` dissipation ' .
For example , a wave that loses amplitude is said to dissipate .
The Memphis blues is a style of blues music that was created in the 1920s and 1930s by Memphis-area musicians like Frank Stokes , Sleepy John Estes , Furry Lewis and Memphis Minnie .
Merrey-sur-Arce is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Under the laws of the Constitution of Perak , Perak is a constitutional monarchy , with a ceremonial hereditary ruler .
Ipoh , the state capital of Perak , is known historically for its tin-mining activities until the drop of tin price , which has severely affected the state economy . The royal capital , however , is set in Kuala Kangsar , where the palace of the Sultan of Perak is located .
Keomah Village is a city in Mahaska County , Iowa , United States .
While most posters are mass-produced , posters may also be printed by hand or in limited editions . Most posters are printed on one side and left blank on the back , the better for affixing to a wall or other surface .
Glos is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The rules for the Tony Awards are set forth in the official document `` Rules and Regulations of The American Theatre Wing 's Tony Awards '' , which applies for that season only .
The Antoinette Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre , more commonly known as a Tony Award , recognizes achievement in live Broadway theater .
Coal from a bonfire would be taken home to light the fires in family hearths , a practice thought to bring good fortune .
In Great Britain and some Commonwealth countries , bonfires are lit on Guy Fawkes Night a yearly celebration held on the evening of 5 November to mark the failure of the Gunpowder Plot of 5 November 1605 , in which a number of Catholic conspirators , including Guy Fawkes , attempted to destroy the House of Lords in London . In Northern Ireland , bonfires are lit on Halloween , October 31 .
It was also believed that the residents of the Faery realm were incapable of producing fire themselves ; embers of bonfires would be carried to the underworld and tended there .
Couples who were to be wed on May Day would leap through the flames of the bonfire to seal their vows .
In ancient times , cattle , important symbols of wealth and status , were led through the smoke of a bonfire .
He also wrote for John Denver -LRB- a neighbor of his in Aspen , Colorado , at one point -RRB- , The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour , and The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour .
`` It changed what I believe and what I think about everything .
In 1967 , his former girlfriend Nina Goldblatt , a dancer on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour , helped Martin land a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams .
The seven-minute-long film , also featuring Buck Henry and Teri Garr , was written by and starred Martin .
In philosophy , I started studying logic , and they were talking about cause and effect , and you start to realize , ` Hey , there is no cause and effect !
Martin 's first film was a short , The Absent-Minded Waiter -LRB- 1977 -RRB- .
There is no anything ! ' Then it gets real easy to write this stuff , because all you have to do is twist everything hardâ '' you twist the punch line , you twist the non sequitur so hard away from the things that set it up '' .
Martin was in three more Reiner-directed comedies after The Jerk : Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid in 1982 , The Man with Two Brains in 1983 and All of Me in 1984 , possibly his most critically acclaimed comic performance to date .
Williams initially paid Martin out of his own pocket .
He made his first feature film appearance in the musical Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , where he sang The Beatles ' `` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' .
In 1986 , Martin joined fellow Saturday Night Live veterans Martin Short and Chevy Chase in Â Three Amigos !
The film was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
There is no logic !
, directed by John Landis , and written by Martin , Lorne Michaels , and singer-songwriter Randy Newman .
I majored in philosophy .
Along with the other writers for the show , Martin won an Emmy Award in 1969 , aged 23 .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a law enforcement agency in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
The Housing Police , along with the New York City Transit Police , was merged into the New York City Police Department in 1995 by New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and continues today as the Housing Bureau .
However , this is where the story ends , for on May 1 , 1995 , the New York City Housing Authority Police Department was merged into the New York City Police Department and now exists in spirit in the NYPD Housing Bureau .
Ismaning is a municipality in Bavaria , Germany .
He also became a member of the Social Democratic Workers ' Party of Austria , which was at that time a party that fully adopted the Marxist ideology .
Popper received a Lutheran upbringing and was educated at the University of Vienna .
Karl Popper was born in Vienna -LRB- then in Austria-Hungary -RRB- in 1902 , to upper middle-class parents .
In 1919 , Popper became attracted by Marxism and subsequently joined the Association of Socialist School Students .
Sir Karl Raimund Popper , CH FRS FBA -LRB- 28 July 1902 â `` 17 September 1994 -RRB- was an Austro-British philosopher and a professor at the London School of Economics .
The album includes their live staples `` The Creeps '' , `` Another State of Mind '' , `` Telling Them '' and the title track , which has been frequently played by KROQ .
Swahili -LRB- known in Swahili itself as Kiswahili -RRB- is a Bantu language spoken by various ethnic groups that inhabit several large stretches of the Indian Ocean coastline from northern Kenya to northern Mozambique , including the Comoros Islands .
Swahili has become a second language spoken by tens of millions in three countries , Tanzania , Kenya , and Congo -LRB- DRC -RRB- , where it is an official or national language .
Kiswahili refers to the Swahili language ; Waswahili refers to the people of the Swahili Coast ; and Uswahili refers to the culture of the Swahili people .
Poseidon is not letting Tyson fight , for fear of losing him .
Chiron is blamed for poisoning the tree and dismissed from camp ; Tantalus takes his job .
When they return to the mortal world , Clarisse returns to camp on a plane .
To Tyson 's disappointment , he sends him back to the armory to make weapons .
The next time he is seen is through the mist of the hearth on Mount Olympus .
They run into many obstacles .
Annabeth descends into the Labyrinth with them to find a way to stop Kronos 's evil forces from entering the borders of Camp Half-Blood by searching for its inventor , Daedalus .
During his first summer at Camp-Half Blood , Tyson makes Percy a shield with images of all of their adventures engraved on it ; it retracts into a watch when not deployed .
Tyson is the son of the Greek god Poseidon and a nature spirit .
The shield retracts into a watch when not in use .
It is located on Polyphemus 's Island in the Sea of Monsters -LRB- the Bermuda Triangle -RRB- .
As they enter the Sea of Monsters , they have to get past Scylla and Charybdis .
They all meet up on Polyphemus 's Island and ultimately leave with the Golden Fleece .
Clarisse La Rue , the daughter of Ares and longtime enemy of Percy , is given the quest to go into the Sea of Monsters to find the Golden Fleece .
The only thing able to cure the tree is the Golden Fleece , which has healing powers for plants , animals , and humans .
When they return to camp , the Fleece is put on the tree , reviving both it and Thalia .
Percy is in a grim state , so Tyson takes him to Poseidon .
Tyson , Percy , and Annabeth , after saving Camp Half-Blood from fire-breathing bulls , set out to find Polyphemus , who believes that Grover is a female cyclops and not a satyr .
Tyson is last seen on Mount Olympus where he is awarded a new `` stick '' ; he is also given the role of general of Olympus ' army .
After jumping off the exploding Princess Andromeda -LRB- a cruise ship that Kronos had made his headquarters -RRB- , Percy finds himself in Poseidon 's palace where Tyson is waiting .
Percy comes back to Camp Half-Blood to find Tyson already there cleaning their room for inspection .
The Mist obscures everybody 's view of Tyson 's one eye , making most think he has two .
Tyson , who did not escape the ship in time , is presumed dead the until it is learned that he was saved by a hippocampus named Rainbow .
Thalia 's tree , the tree which serves as the magical border of Camp Half-Blood , is mysteriously poisoned .
Clarisse 's ship is destroyed .
He is a young cyclops who tries to be `` the best little brother possible '' and `` make his family proud . ''
They all reunite and flee the Labyrinth after the help of Daedalus -LRB- Quintus -RRB- .
She breaks the rule of having only two companions on a quest by choosing Percy , Grover , and Tyson .
He uses his bare strength and metalworking ability to his avail in many situations .
He meets Percy at Meriwether College Prep school ; Tyson is the subject of a program at the school which seeks to take in a homeless kid and help him while also taking in some information about him .
Annabeth faces a Sphinx and finds the riddles -LRB- which are actually factual questions -RRB- not challenging and an insult to her intellect .
Percy and Annabeth decide to go also , not just for the Golden Fleece , but for their friend Grover , who is trapped in Polyphemus 's cave .
Tyson is a fictional character in Rick Riordan 's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series .
For example , while fighting monsters in The Sea of Monsters , his immunity to fire protected him from magical , flaming cannon balls that would have burned anyone else to ash .
Tyson has also fixed Percy 's shield , which has been broken by a manticore , Dr. Thorn in the third book .
Tyson plays a minor role in The Titan 's Curse .
Instead of trying to sail in between , Clarisse goes for Charybidis .
Chiron comes to rescue them with his strangely dressed relatives , the Party Ponies .
Percy gives Poseidon the idea to send Tyson and all the other Cyclopes to take down Typhon .
He almost kills Percy in a duel , but Percy reveals that Chiron is innocent .
They do , and Typhon lands in the Hudson River .
Poseidon looks very aged due to all of the stress from the war going on .
They escape the claws of the Sphinx and continue on to find Hephaestus so he can tell them about where to find Daedalus .
He first appears as a homeless boy in the second book of the series , The Sea of Monsters .
Tyson has severe scars on his back that were caused by a sphinx in the substation where he used to live .
Percy , Annabeth and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke .
Annabeth leads the quest into Daedalus ' Labyrinth .
They split up , and Tyson follows Grover , who goes a different direction in search of Pan .
Tyson finds Annabeth Chase pretty .
Once , while he is in Poseidon 's underwater court making various items at the forge , he appears in an Iris message between him and Percy .
JÃ lio CÃ sar Soares de EspÃ ndola -LRB- born 3 September 1979 -RRB- , commonly known as simply JÃ lio CÃ sar , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Internazionale of the Italian Serie A. He is also currently the first-choice goalkeeper for the Brazilian national team , having won 53 international caps .
On the north side of Mediapolis is the Mediapolis Community School , an elementary , middle , and high school serving Mediapolis and a large rural area around Mediapolis .
Mark Iuliano -LRB- born 12 August 1973 in Cosenza -RRB- is a former Italian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender , who spent the bulk of his career with Italian powerhouse , Juventus FC , in the Italian Serie A.
Julius Kambarage Nyerere -LRB- 13 April 1922 â `` 14 October 1999 -RRB- was a Tanzanian politician who served as the first President of Tanzania and previously Tanganyika , from the country 's founding in 1961 until his retirement in 1985 .
Carlos Alberto TÃ vez -LRB- born Carlos Alberto MartÃ nez on 5 February 1984 -RRB- is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for English club Manchester City and is currently the team 's captain .
The suborder of passerine birds Tyranni -LRB- the suboscines -RRB- includes about 1,000 species , the large majority of which are South American .
David himself composed , c. 1120 , `` Hymns of Repentance '' -LRB- á ' á á á á ` á á á á á á á á á # á á á á á á , galobani sinanulisani -RRB- , a sequence of eight free-verse psalms , with each hymn having its own intricate and subtle stanza form .
The most notable storm of 1979 was Hurricane David , a Category 5 storm on the Saffirâ `` Simpson Hurricane Scale that killed over 2,000 people , mostly in the Dominican Republic , and caused nearly 1.5 billion dollars in damage -LRB- 1979 USD -RRB- . Hurricane Frederic , which caused $ 2.3 billion -LRB- 1979 US dollars and became the most expensive hurricane in United States history when it made landfall near the border between Mississippi and Alabama .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1979 .
Names that were not assigned are marked in .
The World Meteorological Organization retired two names in the spring of 1980 : David and Frederic .
The magnitude of the gradient will determine how fast the temperature rises in that direction .
If a road goes directly up the hill , then the steepest slope on the road will also be 40 % .
Consider a room in which the temperature is given by a scalar field , , so at each point the temperature is -LRB- we will assume that the temperature does not change in time -RRB- .
Suppose that the steepest slope on a hill is 40 % .
At each point in the room , the gradient of at that point will show the direction the temperature rises most quickly .
Consider a surface whose height above sea level at a point is .
The steepness of the slope at that point is given by the magnitude of the gradient vector .
For example , if the angle between the road and the uphill direction , projected onto the horizontal plane , is 60 Â , then the steepest slope along the road will be 20 % , which is 40 % times the cosine of 60 Â .
The gradient of at a point is a vector pointing in the direction of the steepest slope or grade at that point .
A generalization of the gradient for functions on a Euclidean space which have values in another Euclidean space is the Jacobian .
If , instead , the road goes around the hill at an angle -LRB- the gradient vector -RRB- , then it will have a shallower slope .
The gradient can also be used to measure how a scalar field changes in other directions , rather than just the direction of greatest change , by taking a dot product .
In vector calculus , the gradient of a scalar field is a vector field which points in the direction of the greatest rate of increase of the scalar field , and whose magnitude is the greatest rate of change .
The Odyssey is an ancient Greek epic poem attributed to Homer .
The Irish Setter -LRB- , literally `` red setter '' -RRB- , also known as the Red Setter , a is a setter , a breed of gundog and family dog .
Carrie Marie Underwood -LRB- born March 10 , 1983 -RRB- is an American country singer-songwriter and actress who rose to fame as the winner of the fourth season of American Idol , in 2005 .
Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century , and often named after the counties in which they were developed , or after their owners , who were usually nobility . Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of `` true springer type . ''
Two years later , in 1902 , a combination of the physical standard from the Spaniel Club of England and the ability standard from the Sporting Spaniel Society led to the English Springer Spaniel breed being officially recognized by the English Kennel Club .
It is often used for chopping herbs or very large single blade versions are sometimes used for pizza or pesto .
According to Shakoor Khan , an elder from Bakhshali who attended the jirga , `` Before the Taliban resorts to torching more schools , we have decided to resist them '' .
The village is notable for being the location of what is now known as the Bakhshali manuscript ; this is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics .
In March 2007 there were attacks made on music shops in Bakhshali .
The rebels have also been pressuring local people to stop listening to music as well launching bomb attacks in the area .
On 15 August a jirga of elders in Mardan decided to set up anti-Taliban squads based on one that has been stated in neighbouring Buner District .
The village has also been affected by violence between the Taliban and the government ; on 24 January 2008 the militants attacked the vehicle of former Health minister Syed Kamal Shah injuring his guard .
Bakhshali is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa .
It is located at 34 Â 17 ' 0N 72 Â 9 ' 0E and has an altitude of 307 metres -LRB- 1010 feet -RRB- .
Two people were injured and one was killed in attacks by an unidentified extreme group who attacked the bazaar shooting and killing the watchman of the Seven Stars music center .
It was discovered in 1881 during British rule by a tenant of Mian An-Wan-Udin , a police inspector ; the manuscript was discovered while the tenant was digging in an abandoned building .
In August 2007 residents of Bakhshali observed a strike against loadshedding of the electric power supply and blocked the main Mardanâ `` Bakshali road .
Following the Trinidad and Tobago national team 's inspirational performance in the World Cup , Hislop and his team-mates were awarded the Chaconia Medal in gold , the second highest national award for Trinidad and Tobago .
Other county officials -LRB- such as the county surveyor and the election commissioners -RRB- are appointed ; in smaller counties , these officials may be shared by multiple counties .
Every fall the Santa Monica Chamber of Commerce hosts The Taste of Santa Monica on the Santa Monica Pier .
Santa Monica is a city in western Los Angeles County , California , US .
Santa Monica has several newspapers and magazines , including the : Santa Monica Star , Santa Monica Daily Press , the Santa Monica Mirror , the Santa Monica Obsever Newspaper , Santa Monica Magazine , and the Santa Monica Sun .
Barry Ryan Enright -LRB- born March 30 , 1986 in Stockton , California , USA -RRB- is a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher currently on the Arizona Diamondbacks active roster .
Its major sports complexes include Ivor Wynne Stadium and Copps Coliseum ; Hamilton is also home to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame museum . The museum hosts an annual induction event in a week long celebration that includes school visits , a golf tournament , a formal induction dinner and concludes with the Hall of Fame game involving the local CFL Hamilton Tiger-Cats at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
The Canadian Football Hall of Fame can be found downtown right beside Hamilton City Hall and across town to the east , the Canadian Football League 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats play at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
Hamilton has representation in two professional sports leagues , the Canadian Football League and the American Hockey League .
Dison is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
On the American tracklisting for Honey To The B , the radio mix replaces the original album version .
`` Girlfriend '' is a single released by Billie in 1998 , from her debut album Honey to the B. It reached No. 1 in the UK , making her the youngest and first female solo singer to reach the top spot with her first two singles .
The Hammersmith & City line is a subsurface London Underground line in London , England . It connects Hammersmith in the west with Barking in the east , running through the northern part of central London .
According to Livy -LRB- 59 BC -- AD 17 -RRB- the Palatine hill got its name from the Arcadian settlement of Pallantium .
Seventy-six trains out of a fleet of 88 are needed to run the line 's peak service , and one unit -LRB- 166-566-366 -RRB- was severely damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005 .
-LRB- In order from east to west . -RRB-
Trains will also make an additional stop at during early mornings and late evenings but will not stop at the station during the main part of the day .
The Piccadilly line was to be upgraded in 2014-15 and would have had new trains as well as new signalling .
Bids for the rolling-stock order were submitted in 2008 .
This would have increased the line 's capacity by some 24 % .
The line is controlled from the control center at Earl 's Court , which it used to share with the District line .
Out of the 53 stations served , 25 are underground .
The line was previously worked by 1959 stock , 1956 stock , 1938 stock , standard tube stock and 1906 gate stock .
Other services operate at times , especially at the start and towards the end of the traffic day .
The stock was recently refurbished , and was due for replacement by 2014 , but the order for new trains was canceled in July 2010 .
The line has two depots , at Northfields and Cockfosters .
It is the second longest line on the system , after the Central Line .
It is the fifth busiest line on the Underground network judged by the number of passengers transported per year .
However , after the acquisition of Tube Lines by Transport for London in June 2010 , this order was canceled .
Like virtually all Underground lines , the Piccadilly line is operated by a single type of rolling stock , in this case the 1973 tube stock , in the standard London Underground livery of blue , white and red .
It is in need of resignalling , and this work is planned to be carried out by 2014 .
Often late evening services terminate at instead of Cockfosters .
The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground , colored dark blue on the Tube map .
It is mainly a deep-level line , running from the north to the west of London via Zone 1 , with a number of surface sections mostly in its westernmost parts .
There are sidings at Oakwood , South Harrow , Arnos Grove , Rayners Lane , Down Street , Wood Green , Acton Town , Ruislip and Uxbridge .
In 1991 the Festival was officially renamed the Sundance Film Festival , after Redford 's character The Sundance Kid from the movie Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
The Sundance Film Festival is a film festival that takes place annually in the state of Utah , in the United States . It is the largest independent cinema festival in the United States .
GÃ del 's incompleteness theorems are two theorems of mathematical logic that establish inherent limitations of all but the most trivial axiomatic systems for mathematics .
For example , one might take all true statements about the natural numbers to be axioms -LRB- and no false statements -RRB- , which gives the theory known as `` true arithmetic '' .
The two results are widely interpreted as showing that Hilbert 's program to find a complete and consistent set of axioms for all of mathematics is impossible , thus giving a negative answer to Hilbert 's second problem .
The theorems , proven by Kurt GÃ del in 1931 , are important both in mathematical logic and in the philosophy of mathematics .
In 1925 Albers was promoted to Professor , the year the Bauhaus moved to Dessau .
His work in Dessau included designing furniture and working with glass .
Accomplished as a designer , photographer , typographer , printmaker and poet , Albers is best remembered for his work as an abstract painter and theorist .
In this rigorous series , begun in 1949 , Albers explored chromatic interactions with flat colored squares arranged concentrically .
Josef Albers -LRB- March 19 , 1888 â `` March 25 , 1976 -RRB- was a German-born American artist and educator whose work , both in Europe and in the United States , formed the basis of some of the most influential and far-reaching art education programs of the 20th century .
Most famous of all are the hundreds of paintings and prints that make up the series Homage to the Square .
He studied art in Berlin , Essen , and Munich , before enrolling as a student in the basic course of Johannes Itten at the prestigious Weimar Bauhaus in 1920 .
Albers was born in Bottrop , Westphalia -LRB- Germany -RRB- .
Clinton is a city in Hickman County , Kentucky , United States .
The population was 1,415 at the 2000 census .
Pulitzer shifted its focus to human-interest stories , scandal , and sensationalism .
Under Pulitzer 's leadership circulation grew from 15,000 to 600,000 , making it the largest newspaper in the country .
In 1902 , Columbia 's new president Nicholas Murray Butler was more receptive to the plan for a school and prizes , but it would not be until after Pulitzer 's death that this dream would be fulfilled .
In 1879 he bought the St. Louis Dispatch , and the St. Louis Post and merged the two papers as the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , which remains St. Louis 's daily newspaper .
The university initially turned down the money , evidently turned off by Pulitzer 's odd personality .
In 1883 , Pulitzer , by then a wealthy man , purchased the New York World , a newspaper that had been losing $ 40,000 a year , for $ 346,000 from Jay Gould .
In 1895 the World introduced the immensely popular The Yellow Kid comic by Richard F. Outcault , the first newspaper comic printed with color .
In 1887 , he recruited the famous investigative journalist Nellie Bly .
In 1917 , the first Pulitzer Prizes were awarded , in accordance with Pulitzer 's wishes .
Pulitzer left the university $ 2 million in his will , which led to the creation in 1912 of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , but by then at Pulitzer 's urging the Missouri School of Journalism had been created at the University of Missouri .
In 1892 , Pulitzer offered Columbia University 's president , Seth Low , money to set up the world 's first school of journalism .
Pulitzer 's already failing health deteriorated rapidly and he withdrew from the daily management of the newspaper , although he continued to actively manage the paper from his vacation retreat in Bar Harbor , Maine , and his New York mansion .
After the World exposed an illegal payment of $ 40 million by the United States to the French Panama Canal Company in 1909 , Pulitzer was indicted for libeling Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan .
In 1872 , Pulitzer purchased a share in the Westliche Post for $ 3,000 , and then sold his stake in the paper for a profit in 1873 .
This competition with Hearst , particularly the coverage before and during the Spanish-American War , linked Pulitzer 's name with yellow journalism .
In 1989 Pulitzer was inducted into the St. Louis Walk of Fame .
He is interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York .
In 1884 , he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives , but resigned after a few months ' service on account of the pressure of journalistic duties .
The courts dismissed the indictments .
It was at the Post-Dispatch that Pulitzer developed his role as a champion of the common man with exposÃ s and a hard-hitting populist approach .
In 1895 , William Randolph Hearst purchased the rival New York Journal from Pulitzer 's brother , Albert , which led to a circulation war .
A Cockapoo is a cross breed dog , bred for the first time in the United States , by crossing an American Cocker Spaniel or English Cocker Spaniel and a poodle -LRB- in most cases the miniature poodle or toy poodle -RRB- , or by breeding cockapoo to cockapoo .
There are currently three cockapoo clubs in America that are working towards developing the cockapoo by breeding successive generations , and establishing the cockapoo as a recognized breed .
Where black bars normally appear on a 4:3 -LRB- full screen -RRB- television showing a widescreen production , footage is displayed of curtains moving in the background .
As it was ultimately not included on its soundtrack album , the song with additional vocals from Slim Thug was featured as a new track on the 2005 Destiny 's Child 's greatest hits album # 1 's . It was also later made available as a bonus track on the deluxe edition of Knowles ' second studio album , B ` Day -LRB- 2006 -RRB- in selected European territories in 2007 .
It was composed by Knowles , Kasseem `` Swizz Beatz '' Dean , Sean Garrett , Angela BeyincÃ and Stayve Thomas . The song was supposed to be featured on the soundtrack album for 2006 film The Pink Panther , in which Knowles co-stars .
When demand was growing for the song , Knowles shot a music video serving as promotion for both # 1 's and The Pink Panther .
The video was directed by Hype Williams , and was premiered on December 12 , 2005 on MTV .
The version of the song used in the music video features a remix of `` The Pink Panther Theme '' and a verse-rap from Bun B. The video was featured on the DVD of The Pink Panther .
The video cuts to Knowles wearing a polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka-dotted wall , wearing a pink wig and pink lipstick .
It is the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name .
The livery of KLM Asia does not feature Dutch national symbols , such as the Flag of the Netherlands , nor does it use KLM 's stylised Dutch Crown logo , instead featuring a special KLM Asia logo . KLM Asia has 6 Boeing 747-400 Combi aircraft -LRB- included in the KLM fleet as 747-400M -RRB- .
Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V. , doing business as KLM Royal Dutch Airlines -LRB- Dutch : Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij , literally `` Royal Aviation Company '' ; usual English translation : Royal Dutch Airlines -RRB- , is the national airline of the Netherlands and is part of Air France-KLM . KLM 's headquarters are in Amstelveen near its hub at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
KLM started KLM AirCares in 1999 .
In 1975-1989 Ajemian edited the Spurk Journal , in 1979 he took part of the First Armenian Congress Organizing Committee -LRB- Paris -RRB- .
Kevork Vartani Ajemian -LRB- Adjemian -RRB- -LRB- May 23 , 1932 , Manbij , Syria - December 27 , 1998 , Lyon , France -RRB- was a prominent Armenian writer , journalist , novelist , theorist and public activist , one of the founders of Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia -LRB- ASALA -RRB- military organization .
In 1999 , a collection of the best journalistic works of Ajemian was published .
Nuri KÃ cents zÄ m Å ahin -LRB- born 5 September 1988 in LÃ 1\/4 denscheid -RRB- is a German-born Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Borussia Dortmund .
Lepisma saccharina , frequently called silverfish , fishmoths , carpet sharks or paramites , are small , wingless insects in the order Thysanura .
Its common name derives from the animal 's silvery light gray and blue color , combined with the fish-like appearance of its movements , while the scientific name indicates the silverfish 's diet of carbohydrates such as sugar or starches .
Petiville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Undervelier is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
HÃ buterne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Someone from the IP address $ 1 requested that we send you a new login password for the English Wikipedia .
The new password for the user account `` $ 2 '' is `` $ 3 '' .
You can now log in to Wikipedia using that password .
Ricardo Cabanas-Rey -LRB- born 17 January 1979 in ZÃ 1\/4 rich -RRB- is a Swiss football player who plays as a midfielder for Grasshoppers .
Georgios Samaras -LRB- ; born 21 February 1985 in Heraklion , Greece -RRB- is a Greek footballer who plays as a striker or winger for Scottish Premier League club Celtic and the Greece national team .
La RiviÃ re is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Kampenhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
It is still the tallest pyramid . The largest pyramid in the world ever built , by volume , is the Great Pyramid of Cholula , in the Mexican state of Puebla .
The square pyramid , with square base and four triangular outer surfaces , is a common version .
Camp Nou -LRB- , â New Fieldâ -RRB- , often erroneously called â the Nou Campâ in English , is a football stadium in Barcelona , Spain . The stadium , located in the west of the city , has been the home of FC Barcelona since its construction in 1957 .
An acute overdose of ginger is usually in excess of about 2 grams of Ginger per kilogram of body mass , dependent on level of ginger tolerance , and can result in a state of central nervous system over-stimulation called ginger intoxication or colloquially the `` ginger gitters '' .
On 1 March 2008 , Abraham won Eurovision â `` Your Decision 2008 , the UK selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 , held on 24 May 2008 , with his song `` Even If '' .
Hathian is a village and union council in Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
It is located at 34 Â 23 ' 35N 71 Â 55 ' 0E and has an altitude of 372m -LRB- 1223 feet -RRB- .
There are various oceanic troughs , troughs found under oceans ; examples include the rift along the mid-oceanic ridge and the Cayman Trough .
Gilbertâ s potoroo was not seen again for many years , even though many had searched for them in the 1970s .
In efforts to protect the remaining population , three potoroos -LRB- one male and two females -RRB- were translocated to Bald Island in August 2005 where they are free from predation .
A few young were born in the first couple of years , but then breeding stopped for no known reason .
It is currently not known how long gestation is for Gilbertâ s potoroo , but it is estimated to be similar to the Long-nosed Potorooâ s length of 38 days .
Liz Sinclair had been doing research on wallabies and caught the potoroo in one of her traps .
Potoroos live under dense bushes and shrubs .
If the first baby does not go to term , this allows a second baby to start growing right away .
This small population size is what has made them be listed as critically endangered .
They have the ability to keep a second embryo in a state of diapause while the first embryo is growing .
It is one of the worldâ s rarest mammals .
Australia has the majority of different kinds of truffles and Potoroos like to eat a variety of them .
Since that time an additional four potoroos have been sent to establish a breeding colony .
It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
The female potoroos can have two babies in a year , while carrying only one at a time .
The species was thus considered extinct for 120 years before it was re-discovered in 1994 in Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve .
Potoroos have sharp three toed claws that help them dig into the ground to unearth truffles hiding underneath the earthâ s surface .
Potoroos are nocturnal and spend their days hiding under the dense thicket and rarely cross over large areas .
The group also helps with raising funds for the research and captive breeding programs for Gilbertâ s potoroo .
In 2001 , an action group was formed called the Gilbertâ s Potoroo Action Group -LRB- GPAG -RRB- .
Gilbert 's Potoroo -LRB- Potorous gilbertii -RRB- is an Australian marsupial , sometimes called a rat-kangaroo , that is critically endangered .
Gilbertâ s potoroo was first discovered 1840 and named in 1841 after the English naturalist and explorer John Gilbert .
Gilbert had collected several specimens at King George Sound in Australia , this potoroo being one of them .
Aigle is the capital of the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
The town has a population of 8,100 people .
It is commonly used as a measure of antagonist drug potency in pharmacological research .
EC50 also represents the plasma concentration required for obtaining 50 % of a maximum effect in vivo .
This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance -LRB- inhibitor -RRB- is needed to inhibit a given biological process -LRB- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -RRB- by half .
According to the FDA , IC50 represents the concentration of a drug that is required for 50 % inhibition in vitro .
It is comparable to an EC50 for agonist drugs .
Sometimes , it is also converted to the pIC50 scale -LRB- - log IC50 -RRB- , in which higher values indicate exponentially greater potency .
In other words , it is the half maximal -LRB- 50 % -RRB- inhibitory concentration -LRB- IC -RRB- of a substance -LRB- 50 % IC , or IC50 -RRB- .
Kansas City , Kansas sits across the river from downtown Kansas City , Missouri and is the third-largest city in Kansas .
Claire Redfield is a player character appearing in the Resident Evil series of survival horror video games .
She is the female protagonist of Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil Code : Veronica , which follow Claire 's search for her missing brother . Later she also appeared in Resident Evil : The Darkside Chronicles -LRB- a re-telling of the events of Resident Evil 2 and Code : Veronica -RRB- , in the CG animated film Resident Evil : Degeneration , and in the live-action films Resident Evil : Extinction and Resident Evil : Afterlife .
Cleyzieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Unlike 1 Maccabees , 2 Maccabees was written in Koine Greek , probably in Alexandria , Egypt , c 124 BC .
2 Maccabees is a deuterocanonical book of the Bible , which focuses on the Jews ' revolt against Antiochus IV Epiphanes and concludes with the defeat of the Syrian general Nicanor in 161 BC by Judas Maccabeus , the hero of the work .
It presents a revised version of the historical events recounted in the first seven chapters of 1 Maccabees , adding material from the Pharisaic tradition , including prayer for the dead and a resurrection on Judgment Day .
Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot -LRB- 26 February 1725 â `` 2 October 1804 -RRB- was a French inventor .
He is believed to have built the first self-propelled mechanical vehicle .
Emphysema is a long-term , progressive disease of the lungs that primarily causes shortness of breath . In people with emphysema , the tissues necessary to support the physical shape and function of the lungs are destroyed .
Emphysema is called an obstructive lung disease because the destruction of lung tissue around smaller sacs , called alveoli , makes these air sacs unable to hold their functional shape upon exhalation .
Lee Baxter -LRB- born 17 June 1976 -RRB- is a Swedish football goalkeeper and goalkeeper coach of Anglo-Scottish descent who currently plays for AIK .
Drivers did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
The FIA World Council approved the 2008 schedule on 24 October 2007 .
It began on 16 March and ended on 2 November with eighteen Grand Prix races .
Eleven teams competed in the championship , although Super Aguri withdrew on 6 May from the 2008 Formula One season due to financial troubles , completing four races .
Singapore was Formula One 's first ever night race .
In a scandal that became known as `` Crashgate '' in the media , during the 2009 season around the time of the Belgium Grand Prix , allegations by former Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr. about his crash in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix led to charges of race-fixing against Renault and the departure of team boss Flavio Briatore and engineering director Pat Symonds .
The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- chloride is the chemical compound with the formula Hg2Cl2 .
Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven , trailed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of whom have won six .
Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system .
Hasek has won the most under the current system of honoring the best individual goalie .
The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a new award for the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team that surrenders the fewest goals in regular season play .
Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL general managers to the most outstanding goaltender .
It was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence a change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- playing for the team with the fewest goals against . Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL general managers to the most outstanding goaltender .
Chuck Rayner was the only goaltender to win the Hart Memorial Trophy , but never the Vezina .
Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times .
There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Jacques Plante , who won both trophies for the 1961 â `` 62 season ; Dominik Hasek who won both for the 1996 â `` 97 and 1997 â `` 98 seasons ; and Jose Theodore , who won the Vezina and Hart for the 2001 â `` 02 NHL season .
The NHL adopted the current criteria for the Vezina Trophy beginning in 1981-82 .
The Vezina Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League 's goaltender who is `` adjudged to be the best at this position '' .
At the end of each season , the 30 General Managers of the teams in the National Hockey League vote to determine the goaltender who was the most valuable to his team during the regular season .
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy : Roy Worters and Al Rollins .
In 1946 , the trophy was amended to go to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season . This criteria was in place until the 1980 â `` 81 season .
Vezina collapsed during a game in 1925 and was diagnosed as having tuberculosis , of which he died in 1926 .
Upon Vezina 's death , the trophy was donated to the League by the Canadiens ' owners , Leo Dandurand , Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich to honor Vezina permanently .
In the 1973 â `` 74 NHL season , Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against , the only time that there would be a tie between two players from different teams .
Under the original definition , there would often be multiple winners from the same team during one season .
It was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence a change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- playing for the team with the fewest goals against .
There have been numerous instances of players receiving the trophy many times in different years , and players tying for the trophy .
The Vezina Trophy was named in honor of Georges VÃ zina , an exceptional goaltender with the Montreal Canadiens .
The voting is conducted at the end of the regular season by the 30 general managers of the teams in the National Hockey League , and each individual voter ranks their top three candidates on a 5-3-1 points system .
Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs .
The 2007 event was named Vengeance : Night of Champions , as all nine WWE championships were defended that night .
In 2009 , the event was moved back to July .
In 2008 , the event dropped the Vengeance name and kept the name .
brand in 2003 and in 2004 was made exclusive to the Raw brand .
The event was promoted as Vengeance until the 2008 edition . The event was created in 2001 , with its inaugural event taking place on December 9 , 2001 at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego , California , replacing Armageddon for that year due to the possible insensitivity of the latter 's name with respect to the September 11 attacks .
Vengeance took over Fully Loaded 's pay-per-view spot during 2002 and in 2005 was moved once again , this time switching positions with The Great American Bash .
Zemst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
One could therefore wonder whether these were medical models , the town of Smyrna being reputed for its medical school .
The style is reminiscent of Pompei and is situated much more on the side of the grand contemporary paintings than on the heritage of the red-figure pottery .
These vases are characterized by a base painted pink .
The sculptors , imitating the preceding centuries , portray painful moments rendered expressive with three-dimensional compositions , often V-shaped , and anatomical hyper-realism .
In the great statuary , the artist explores themes such as suffering , sleep or old age .
Recent archeological discoveries at the cemetery of Pagasae -LRB- close to modern Volos -RRB- , at the edge of the Pagasetic Gulf , or again at Vergina -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , in the former kingdom of Macedonia , have brought to light some original works .
The neck is decorated with ornamental motifs while four satyrs in high relief are casually seated on the shoulders of the vase .
However , these newer colors are more delicate and do not support heat .
The Hellenistic period is equally the time of development of the mosaic , particularly with the works of Sosos of Pergamon , active in the 2nd century BC and the only mosaic artist cited by Pliny -LRB- XXXVI , 184 -RRB- .
The painting occurred therefore after firing , contrary to the traditional practice .
His taste for trompe l'oeil -LRB- optical illusion -RRB- and the effects of the medium are found in several works attributed to him such as the `` Unswept Floor '' in the Vatican museum , representing the leftovers of a repast -LRB- fish bones , bones , empty shells , etc. -RRB- and the `` Dove Basin '' at the Capitoline Museum , known by means of a reproduction discovered in Hadrian 's Villa .
Few examples of Greek wall paintings have survived the centuries .
The figurines were equally fashionable .
Their mother Gaia , come to their aid , can do nothing and must watch them twist in pain under the blows of the gods .
In a completely different genre , there are the `` grotesques '' , which contrast violently with the canons of `` Greek beauty '' : the koroplathos -LRB- figurine maker -RRB- fashions deformed bodies in tortuous poses â '' hunchbacks , epileptics , hydrocephalics , obese women , etc. .
The Hellenistic period produced some masterpieces like the Gonzaga cameo , now in the Hermitage Museum , and spectacular hardstone carvings like the Cup of the Ptolemies in Paris .
This search is particularly flagrant in the portraits : more than the precision of the traits represented , the artist seeks to represent the character of his\/her subject .
It concerns cutting in relief on a stone composed of several colored layers , allowing the object to be presented in relief with more than one color .
Starting from a simple fortress located on the Acropolis , the various Attalid kings set up a colossal architectural complex .
Previously reserved for religious use , in Hellenistic Greece the terra cotta figurine was more frequently used for funerary , and even decorative , purposes .
Pergamon did not distinguish itself with its architecture alone : it was also the seat of a brilliant school of sculpture called Pergamene Baroque .
The most representative copies of this style come from Centuripe in Sicily , where a workshop was active until the 3rd century BC .
Molded glass continued , notably in the creation of intaglio jewelry .
The work on metal vases took on a new fullness : the artists competed among themselves with great virtuosity .
It is decorated with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing Dionysus surrounded by Ariadne and her procession of satyrs and maenads .
Because of this , only the smaller objects still exist .
Artemis Rospigliosi of the Louvre is probably a copy of one of them ; as for copies of the Dying Gaul , they were very numerous in the Roman period .
The Olympians triumph in it , each on his side , over Giants most of which are transformed into savage beasts : serpents , birds of prey , lions or bulls .
It was the time of gigantism : thus it was for the second temple of Apollo at Didyma , situated twenty kilometers from Miletus in Ionia .
The fragility of the pigments preventing frequent use of these vases , they were reserved for use in funerals .
The jewellers of the time excelled at handling details and filigrees : thus , the funeral wreaths present very realistic leaves of trees or stalks of wheat .
The art of glass developed especially in Italy .
The shapes of the vases are also inspired by the tradition of metal : thus with the lagynos -LRB- pictured here -RRB- , a wine jar typical of the period .
In parallel there subsisted a tradition of polychromatic figurative painting : the artists sought a greater variety of tints than in the past .
In it one sees four doves perched on the edge of a basin filled with water .
For example , the tomb said to be that of Philip II has provided a great frieze representing a royal lion hunt , remarkable by its composition , the arrangement of the figures in space and its realistic representation of nature .
Certain mosaics , however , provide a pretty good idea of the `` grand painting '' of the period : these are copies of frescoes .
The `` grotesques '' are equally common at Tarsus and also at Alexandria .
One such is the Barberini Faun of Munich , representing a sleeping satyr with relaxed posture and anxious face , perhaps the prey of nightmares .
The art of engraving gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass-produced items that lacked originality .
Sometimes , they were reduced to echoing a form from the great sculptures : thus one finds numerous copies in miniature of the Tyche -LRB- good luck -RRB- of Antioch , of which the original dates to the beginning of the 3rd century BC .
It is believed to be a copy of a painting described by Pliny the Elder -LRB- XXXV , 110 -RRB- which had been painted by Philoxenus of Eretria for King Cassander of Macedon at the end of the 4th century BC , or even of a painting by Apelles contemporaneous with Alexander himself .
Attalus I -LRB- 269-197 BC -RRB- , to commemorate his victory at Caicus against the Gauls â '' called Galatians by the Greeks â '' had two series of votive groups sculpted : the first , consecrated on the Acropolis of Pergamon , includes the famous Gaul killing himself and his wife , of which the original is lost -LRB- the best copy is in the Massimo alle Terme museum of Rome , see illustration -RRB- ; the second group , offered to Athens , is composed of small bronzes of Greeks , Amazons , gods and giants , Persians and Gauls .
The evolution is similar for the art of jewellery .
Fortunately , during Hellenistic Greece , the raw materials were plentiful following eastern conquests .
An example is the Alexander Mosaic , showing the confrontation of the young conqueror and the Grand King Darius III at the Battle of Issus , a mosaic from a floor in the House of the Faun at Pompeii -LRB- now in Naples -RRB- .
Another phenomenon appears in Hellenistic sculpture : privatization , which involves the recapture of older public patterns in decorative sculpture .
The mosaic allows us to admire the choice of colors , the composition of the ensemble with turning movement and facial expressivity .
In Tanagra , in Boeotia , the figurines , full of lively colors , most often represent elegant women in scenes full of charm .
One of them is watering herself while the others seem to be resting , which creates effects of reflections and shadow perfectly studied by the artist .
At Smyrna , in Asia Minor , two major styles occurred side-by-side : first of all , copies of masterpieces of great sculpture , such as Farnese Hercules in gilt terra cotta .
The refinement of molding techniques made it possible to create true miniature statues , with a high level of detail .
LaocoÃ n , strangled by snakes , tries desperately to loosen their grip without affording a glance at his dying sons .
Many of the large bronze statues were lost â '' with the majority being melted to recover the material .
At Panagyurishte -LRB- now in Bulgaria -RRB- , skillfully sculpted gold vases have been found : on an amphora , two rearing centaurs form the handles .
The drunk woman , also at Munich , portrays without reservation an old woman , thin , haggard , clutching against herself her jar of wine .
In Derveni , not far from Salonica , a tomb has provided a great krater with bronze volutes dating from approximately 320 BC and weighing 40 kilograms -LRB- Derveni krater -RRB- .
Portraiture is tinged with naturalism , under the influence of Roman art .
This type of retrospective style also exists in ceramics .
Pergamon in particular is a characteristic example of Hellenistic architecture .
As compensation , the cameo made its appearance .
These characteristics are pushed to their peak in the friezes of the Great Altar of Pergamon , decorated under the order of Eumenes II -LRB- 197-159 BC -RRB- with a gigantomachy stretching 110 metres in length , illustrating in the stone a poem composed especially for the court .
A colossal theater , able to contain nearly 10,000 spectators , has benches embedded in the flanks of the hill .
The figures , often female , are represented in colored clothing : blue-violet chiton , yellow himation , white veil .
It was in the Hellenistic period that the Greeks , who until then only knew molded glass , discovered the technique of glass blowing , thus permitting new forms .
Or they could simply be caricatures , designed to provoke laughter .
They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life .
Thus , Venus de Milo , even while echoing a classic model , is distinguished by the twist of her hips .
The expression of sentiments , the forcefulness of details â '' bushy hair and moustaches here â '' and the violence of the movements are characteristic of the Pergamene style .
The Hellenistic period is that of the decline of painting on vases .
One finds also more complex relief , based on animals or mythological creatures .
Thus emerged the theme of the `` negro '' , particularly in Ptolemaic Egypt : these statuettes of Black adolescents were successful up to the Roman period .
The most common vases are black and uniform , with a shiny appearance approaching that of varnish , decorated with simple motifs of flowers or festoons .
In this period the insetting of precious stones flourished .
It is also the period when vases in relief appeared , doubtless in imitation of vases made of precious metals : wreaths in relief were applied to the body of the vase , or again the one shown here received veins or gadroons .
Hellenistic sculpture repeats the innovations of the `` second classicism '' : perfect sculpture-in-the-round , allowing the statue to be admired from all angles ; study of draping and effects of transparency of clothing ; suppleness of poses .
It has long been necessary to content oneself with studying the Hellenistic influences in Roman frescoes , for example those of Pompeii or Herculaneum .
Progress in bronze casting made it possible for the Greeks to create large works , such as the Colossus of Rhodes , with a height of 32 meters .
Landouzy-la-Cour is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Al-Nasr Benghazi is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi , Libya .
HercÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
On the weekend of the 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , Campos confirmed that Bruno Senna , the nephew of former world champion Ayrton Senna , would be one of their racing drivers for 2010 .
On June 12 , Campos Meta were named by the FIA as one of three new teams granted entry to the 2010 season , along with US F1 Team and Manor Grand Prix .
In October 2009 the team completed a deal with the local government of the Region of Murcia to build new facilities for the team at the Parque TecnolÃ gico Fuente Ã lamo science park .
Hispania Racing F1 Team , officially known as HRT F1 Team , and previously as Campos Meta 1 , is a Spanish Formula One team founded by former driver AdriÃ n Campos , before being taken over by JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante .
In qualifying , Senna and Chandhok set the 23rd and 24th-quickest times to share the back row of the starting grid : Chandhok was finally able to complete his car 's first laps in anger and set a time 1.7 seconds slower than his team-mate , who was in turn just over eight seconds behind polesitter Sebastian Vettel .
By contrast , the mechanics were unable to make the clutch and gearbox on Chandhok 's car work , and he did not complete any laps on Friday .
The team 's headquarters were originally located at Meta Images 's offices in Madrid , housing marketing and administration , while its technical center is located at Campos Racing 's headquarters in Alzira , Valencia .
It is the first Spanish team to race in Formula One ; a previous effort known as `` Bravo F1 '' failed to enter the sport in .
The team 's headquarters were moved from Meta Image 's offices Madrid to Grupo Hispania 's offices in Murcia .
In January 2010 , A1 Grand Prix principal Tony Teixeira was one of several potential investors linked to the team in an effort to open up a revenue stream in the build-up to the 2010 testing season .
On 5 February 2010 , Campos boss AdriÃ n Campos told BBC Sport that the team were struggling to find funding .
In the second session , he completed 17 laps , setting a best time over 11 seconds off the pace , but slid off the road after completing his final lap due to one of his car 's wheels coming loose .
The team began as a collaboration between AdriÃ n Campos of Campos Racing and Enrique RodrÃ guez of Meta Image , under the name of Campos Meta .
On January 27 , the team admitted that they may not be able to participate in the 2010 winter testing season at all and that their second driver may not be announced until the eve of their first race .
The team made its debut in the 2010 Formula One season .
With no pre-season testing , the F110 completed its first laps during the weekend of the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix .
When Hispania was still under the Campos name , team owner JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante said in an interview with Autosport that Campos Meta F1\/HRT were eyeing a Ferrari engine supply for the season .
On February 19 , it was announced that majority shareholder JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante had taken over full control of the team from AdriÃ n Campos , who was also replaced as team principal by Colin Kolles .
Hispania parted company with Dallara in May 2010 after the partnership between the two companies had become tense due to the car 's lack of performance .
The team launched their Cosworth-powered , Dallara-designed car later the same day ; it was called the F110 .
On March 4 , Karun Chandhok was confirmed as the team 's second driver .
The team is seeking an alternative technical deal to assist in the construction of its chassis .
On the eve of the at Silverstone , Hispania announced that Bruno Senna had been dropped for the race , and that test driver Sakon Yamamoto would take his place .
Colin Kolles said in an interview with Diario AS in July 2010 , that talks about a partnership with Toyota was an option for 2011 .
Season in progress .
For the race , both cars started from the pit lane ; Chandhok crashed out on the second lap and Senna retired on lap 18 with an overheating engine .
He also denied the fact that F1-hopefuls Stefan GP had taken the Campos ' car stating that `` we 've got a contract and as long as we 're paying the contract is valid '' .
Later in February , speculation began to spread as to whether Campos would actually make the 2010 field , and the team admitted budgetary problems .
Italian constructor Dallara built the 2010 cars in Parma , which used Cosworth engines .
Campos was running the Formula One operation in conjunction with Meta Image , a Madrid-based sports agency , who managed one of Campos ' F3 Open drivers at the time , Bruno MÃ ndez .
However , it was announced that Senna would race after Silverstone , saying that they `` want to confirm that Bruno Senna has all the support of the Spanish team '' and `` that he remains one of the Hispania Racing HRT F1 team 's official drivers and that he will be continuing to drive in the remaining races . ''
Senna described the day 's work as a `` great start '' , considering the team 's lack of preparation .
In March , the team gained shareholders such as Spanish businessman JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante and basketball players Pau Gasol and Jorge Garbajosa .
Campos Racing currently runs a team in the European F3 Open Championship and used to run the GP2 Series team now known as Addax Team .
Campos and RodrÃ guez began looking at the possibility of creating Spain 's first Formula One team in February 2009 .
It was paying the â 7 million to Dallara stating that `` sometime we have the money sometime we do n't '' .
In Turkey , the team 's other test driver Sakon Yamamoto completed the first practice session , setting the slowest time of the session .
Senna 's car was completed in time for him to complete three installation laps in the first free practice session .
Despite this admission , Teixeira claimed the team was aiming to make the second test session and believed that they would `` definitely '' make the third session at Jerez .
Hispania recorded its first double finish at the with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna , albeit 3 and 4 laps down respectively .
The team was re-named to Hispania Racing F1 Team -LRB- HRT -RRB- ahead of their first race , with the name taken from Grupo Hispania , one of Carabante 's companies .
Deitingen is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The football team is led by legendary coach Joe Paterno , who at 83 is in his 45th year as head coach -LRB- as of the 2010 season -RRB- . Joe Paterno was in a close competition with Bobby Bowden , the head coach for Florida State , for the most wins ever in Division I-A -LRB- now the FBS -RRB- history .
Historic Scotland -LRB- Scottish Gaelic : Alba AosmhÃ r -RRB- is an executive agency of the Scottish Government , responsible for historic monuments in Scotland .
Talence is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Unalakleet has an Alaska State Troopers station .
Junipers are coniferous plants in the genus Juniperus of the cypress family Cupressaceae .
It consists of 6 districts :
Presidency Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Wilhelmina -LRB- Wilhelmina Helena Pauline Maria ; 31 August 1880 - 28 November 1962 -RRB- was Queen regnant of the Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1890 to 1948 .
Giampaolo Menichelli -LRB- born 29 June 1938 in Rome -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer .
Maiellaro provides the voice of Err the Mooninite on Aqua Teen Hunger Force , as well as various characters for the other Adult Swim shows he 's involved with . When voice acting on Aqua Teen Hunger Force , he is sometimes credited as `` The Amazing Voice of Matt Maiellaro . ''
Filippo Azzaiolo was a 16th century Italian composer .
The dedicatees each have links to Bologna , so it seems likely that Azzaiolo himself had connections to that city .
OXO was a computer game written for the EDSAC computer in 1952 , an implementation of the game known as Noughts and Crosses in the UK , or tic-tac-toe in the United States .
It was written by Alexander S. Douglas as an illustration for his Ph. D. thesis on human-computer interaction for the University of Cambridge .
Serena Deeb -LRB- born June 29 , 1986 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler . She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment , appearing on both the SmackDown brand and the developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designation Sub to the wide variety of electric multiple units that were used on inner-suburban workings in the South London area .
Originally these units were formed as three-car units , but in the 1940s , all surviving units were increased to four cars by the addition of an ` Augmentation ' trailer .
New four-car units were also built at this time , and these survived in passenger use until late 1983 , by which time British Rail had allocated to them TOPS Class 405 .
The Kamakura period is a period of Japanese history that marks the governance by the Kamakura Shogunate , officially established in 1192 in Kamakura by the first shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo .
During this time , a number of monks who had left the Tendai sect founded separate Buddhist sects of their own , including The older Buddhist sects such as Shingon , Tendai and the early schools of the Nara period continued to thrive through the Kamakura period , and even experienced some measure of a revival .
The Kamakura period ended in 1333 with the destruction of the shogunate and the short reestablishment of imperial rule under Emperor Go-Daigo by Ashikaga Takauji , Nitta Yoshisada , and Kusunoki Masashige .
In the fall of 2006 , Cavergno and Bignasco were incorporated into the municipality , despite an attempt by Bignasco to resist the incorporation in the courts .
On 22 October 2006 Cevio grew by incorporating the villages of Bignasco and Cavergno , previously municipalities in their own right .
In 1858 the municipality of Linescio was separated from it .
Cevio is the capital of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The actual site of this emperor 's grave is not known .
This emperor 's kami is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- at Kashihara in Nara prefecture .
The conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu -LRB- 737 â `` 806 -RRB- , the 50th sovereign of the Yamato dynasty .
It is undisputed that this identification is Chinese in form and Buddhist in implication , which suggests that the name must have been regularized centuries after the lifetime ascribed to Jimmu , possibly during the time in which legends about the origins of the Yamato dynasty were compiled as the chronicles known today as the Kojiki .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means `` divine might '' or `` god-warrior '' .
Founded in 1786 , Knoxville is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee , behind Memphis and Nashville , and is the county seat of Knox County .
Visual Studio Tools for Office -LRB- VSTO -RRB- is a set of development tools available in the form of a Visual Studio add-in -LRB- project templates -RRB- and a runtime that allows Microsoft Office 2003 and later versions of Office applications to host the .
In 1952 , WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden merged with WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern and Baden into the present state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden is a former state of Federal Republic of Germany .
American stars Tony Meola , Tab Ramos , Tim Howard , Alexi Lalas -LRB- who was also the team 's General Manager , for a brief time -RRB- , Clint Mathis , Jozy Altidore , Michael Bradley , Claudio Reyna and Eddie Pope have all played for the team .
The population was 24,675 at the 2000 census , and was estimated at 27,150 in 2008 by the U.S. Census Bureau .
Pullman is the largest city in Whitman County , Washington , United States .
Labroye is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Starr Gate is in the South Shore district of Blackpool in the county of Lancashire , England .
The southern terminal loop of the Blackpool Tramway is located at Starr Gate , with trams running up the coast into central Blackpool .
It is located at the south-western end of Blackpool on the Fylde coast and is adjacent to the Squires Gate district of Blackpool .
Starr Gate is also immediately adjacent to Blackpool International Airport .
The scientific study of plants , known as botany , has identified about 350,000 extant species of plants , defined as seed plants , bryophytes , ferns and fern allies .
They include familiar organisms such as trees , flowers , herbs , bushes , grasses , vines , ferns , mosses , and green algae .
Talagang is the administrative center of Talagang Tehsil , one of the three tehsils -LRB- administrative subdivisions -RRB- of Chakwal District . The tehsil is divided into 23 Union councils , two of which from the city of Talagang .
Mars has two small moons , Phobos and Deimos , which are thought to be captured asteroids .
Jermaine La Jaune Jackson -LRB- born December 11 , 1954 -RRB- is an American singer , bassist , composer , a member of The Jackson 5 , older brother of American pop stars Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson and occasional film director .
Bukera Sharif is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
It is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka located in the south-west of the district .
December to Dismember -LRB- 1995 -RRB- was a professional wrestling event that took place on December 9 , 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Saint-L Ã ger is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
These are the top ten nations that won medals at the 1912 Games .
28 nations competed in Stockholm , and for the first time they included the first Asian country , Japan , and the First Arab and African country , Egypt .
Alvaneu -LRB- Romansh : Alvagni -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of GraubÃ 1\/4 nden in Switzerland .
This article is about Reina Tanaka , the Japanese singer .
On March 28 , 2008 , it was announced that Tanaka would be taking on the voice acting role of Kirara , a main character in Sanrio 's anime Onegai My Melody Kirara , the fourth My Melody series .
All shows listed were broadcast by the TV Tokyo Corporation , with the exception of Reinya KaitÅ , which was aired on ANN 's KBC TV channel .
Hautecloque is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Fred Astaire -LRB- May 10 , 1899 -- June 22 , 1987 -RRB- , born Frederick Austerlitz , was an American film and Broadway stage dancer , choreographer , singer and actor .
He remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith , a jockey almost 45 years his junior .
Daisuke Yano is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2 .
The length of the hypotenuse of a right triangle can be found using the Pythagorean theorem , which states that the square of the length of the hypotenuse equals the sum of the squares of the lengths of the other two sides .
In geometry , a hypotenuse is the longest side of a right-angled triangle , the side opposite the right angle .
This template is used for displaying a date -LRB- day and month only , no year -RRB- in both Old Style and New Style , including a discreet link to the article Old Style and New Style dates .
JosÃ MarÃ a Bakero Escudero -LRB- born 11 February 1963 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , and the current coach of Lech PoznaÅ in Poland .
However , because the basso continuo is usually made up of at least two instruments -LRB- typically a cello or bass viol and a keyboard instrument such as the harpsichord -RRB- , trio sonatas are typically performed by at least four musicians .
The trio sonatas by Arcangelo Corelli -LRB- opus I , 1681 , opus III , 1689 -RRB- set an inspiring example .
A well-known exception is the trio sonata in Johann Sebastian Bach 's The Musical Offering , which is for violin and flute .
A trio sonata is written for two solo melodic instruments and basso continuo , making three parts in all , hence the name trio sonata .
The trio sonata is a musical form which was particularly popular around the 17th century and the 18th century .
A further innovation of Bach was the creation of what are strictly trio sonatas , involving a concertante -LRB- obligato -RRB- harpsichord part and one melodic instrument , thus for two players . Known examples are the six sonatas for harpsichord and solo violin -LRB- BWV 1014-1019 -RRB- , three sonatas for harpsichord and viola da gamba -LRB- BWV 1027-1029 -RRB- and the three sonatas for harpsichord and flauto traverso -LRB- BWV 1030-1032 -RRB-
Nelson 's Column is a monument in Trafalgar Square in central London built to commemorate Admiral Nelson , who died at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 .
The silver maple -LRB- Acer saccharinum -RRB- â '' also called creek maple , river maple , silverleaf maple , soft maple , water maple , or white mapleâ '' is a species of maple native to eastern North America in the eastern United States and adjacent parts of southeast Canada .
SÃ lvio JosÃ Canuto or simply Silvinho -LRB- born January 17 , 1977 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- , is a Brazilian football midfielder .
The Blues Hall of Fame is a listing of people who have significantly contributed to blues music .
Started in 1980 by the Blues Foundation , it honors those who have performed , recorded , or documented blues .
On the night of April 24 , 1915 , the Ottoman government rounded-up and imprisoned an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders .
Shinobu Ikeda -LRB- born January 5 , 1962 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
He has played for the Japanese national team .
Emil Adolf von Behring -LRB- 15 March 1854 -- 31 March 1917 -RRB- was a German physiologist who received the 1901 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , the first one so awarded .
On 23 November 1961 Warhol wrote Latow a check for $ 50 which , according to the 2009 Warhol biography , Pop , The Genius of Warhol , was payment for coming up with the idea of the soup cans as subject matter .
Andrew Warhola -LRB- August 6 , 1928 â `` February 22 , 1987 -RRB- , known as Andy Warhol , was an American painter , printmaker , and filmmaker who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art .
Mars also incorporates reggae and Motown inspired sounds into his work .
Raised in Honolulu , Hawaii by a family of musicians , Mars began making music at a young age .
by Cee Lo Green .
As a child , he was highly influenced by artists such as Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson and would often impersonate these artists from a young age .
He was nominated for seven Grammys at the 53rd Grammy Awards , winning Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Just the Way You Are '' .
In October 2010 , he released his debut album , Doo-Wops & Hooligans .
He also co-wrote the hits `` Right Round '' by Flo Rida featuring Kesha , `` Wavin ' Flag '' by K ` naan , and `` Fuck You ! ''
Jon Caramanica of The New York Times referred to Mars as `` one of the most versatile and accessible singers in pop . ''
After an unsuccessful stint with Motown Records , Mars signed with Atlantic Records in 2009 .
After performing in various musical venues in his hometown throughout his childhood , he decided to pursue a musical career and moved to Los Angeles after graduating from high school .
He became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals and co-writing the hooks for the songs `` Nothin ' on You '' by B.o. B , and `` Billionaire '' by Travie McCoy .
Anchored by the worldwide number one singles `` Just the Way You Are '' and `` Grenade '' , the album peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 .
Peter Gene Hernandez -LRB- born October 8 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Bruno Mars , is an American singer-songwriter and music producer .
Venanson is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
He was one of the founders of La Questione Sociale , the Italian language anarchist paper published in Paterson .
In 1898 , high bread prices led to demonstrations all over Italy .
Bresci was born at Coiano , near Prato , Tuscany , and emigrated from Italy to the United States , making his living as a weaver in Paterson , New Jersey , which had a large Italian-American community .
In Monza , where the king was visiting on July 29 , 1900 , he shot him four times with a five-shot .32 revolver .
The people ignored the order to disperse , whereupon the General gave the signal to fire with muskets and cannons , resulting in a massacre of the demonstrators .
More than ninety people died .
There being no capital punishment in Italy at the time , he was sentenced in Milan on August 29 , 1900 , to penal servitude for life on Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene , where numerous other anarchists had also been sent over the years .
In Milan , an unarmed crowd of protestors marched toward the palace , which was surrounded by a strong military carabinieri force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris .
Less than a year later he was found dead in prison .
Gaetano Bresci -LRB- November 11 , 1869 â `` May 22 , 1901 -RRB- was an Italian American anarchist who assassinated Italian King Umberto I. Bresci was the first person to kill a European monarch -LRB- without toppling the monarchy -RRB- and not be executed .
King Umberto later decorated Bava-Beccaris , complimenting him upon his `` brave defense of the royal house '' â '' as a result of which Bresci became determined to kill the king .
Bresci was captured and put on trial , where he was defended by the anarchist lawyer Francesco Saverio Merlino .
Bresci had his loan to the paper returned -LRB- without telling his comrades why -RRB- , and with the money he went to Italy .
It is not clear whether he committed suicide , as officially announced , or whether he was murdered by his guards .
Katamari Damacy inspired the development of other video games , and led to the release of five sequels in Japan and other territories : We Love Katamari , Me & My Katamari , Beautiful Katamari , I Love Katamari , and Katamari Forever .
Namco has also brought the Katamari franchise to the PlayStation Portable in the form of Me & My Katamari .
Katamari Damacy -LRB- å é Katamari Damashii , which roughly translates to clump spirit -RRB- is a third-person puzzle-action video game that is published and developed by Namco for the PlayStation 2 video game console .
Nason remains incorporated as a city .
Abercrombie -LRB- Gaelic : Obar Chrombaidh -RRB- is a hamlet in Fife , situated around 1 mile to the north of the village of St Monans , and 10 miles south of the town of St Andrews .
Abercrombie was the former name of the parish of St Monans , although both Abercrombie and St Monans had churches .
Abercrombie was the former name of the parish of St Monans , although both Abercrombie and St Monans had churches . The hamlet is centered around Abercrombie Farmstead .
Wilhelm Bodewin Gustav Keitel -LRB- 22 September 1882 -- 16 October 1946 -RRB- was a German field marshal -LRB- Generalfeldmarschall -RRB- .
Selenic acid may also be prepared by the oxidation of selenous acid with halogens , such as chlorine or bromine , or with potassium permanganate .
I2P -LRB- originally from pseudomathematical notation IÂ P , short for Invisible Internet Project , although it is not commonly referred to by this name anymore -RRB- is a mixed-license free and open source project building an anonymous network -LRB- or , more accurately , a pseudonymous overlay network -RRB- .
The network is a simple layer that applications can use to anonymously and securely send messages to each other .
Possible uses include anonymous surfing , chatting , blogging and file transfers .
Known for its numerous outlet stores , Freeport is home to L.L. Bean , Wolfe 's Neck Woods State Park , and the Desert of Maine .
Freeport is a town in Cumberland County , Maine , United States .
Infrastructure related to transportation .
Charles Augustus Lindbergh -LRB- February 4 , 1902 â `` August 26 , 1974 -RRB- -LRB- nicknamed `` Slim , '' `` Lucky Lindy '' and `` The Lone Eagle '' -RRB- was an American aviator , author , inventor , explorer , and social activist .
Darkthrone is a Norwegian black metal band .
Alfredo Mostarda Filho , best known as Alfredo -LRB- born in SÃ # o Paulo , October 18 , 1946 -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a defender .
The Festival Hall dates to the 19th century and is now used solely for the Bayreuth Festival . Only works by Richard Wagner are put on .
Silver compounds are those chemical compounds which contain silver .
Novaggio is a municipality in the district of Lugano , in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Cassandra -LRB- Cass -RRB- Fox is a musical artist from England .
She is best known for co-writing and singing on the 2001 hit single Touch Me which she produced with Rui Da Silva .
The template attempts to generate the ISO 3166-2 suffix for a named dÃ partement or overseas territory of France , for use in the parameter of .
If the first parameter is not the name of the dÃ partement or overseas territory , the transclusion will yield an empty string .
About 40 % of the Earth 's surface is now underlain by continental crust .
Continental crust is also less dense than oceanic crust , though it is considerably thicker ; mostly 25 to 70 km versus the average oceanic thickness of around 7 â `` 10 km .
Consisting mostly of granitic rock , continental crust has a density of about 2.7 g\/cm3 and is less dense than the material of the Earth 's mantle , which consists of mafic rock .
The continental crust is the layer of igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic rocks which form the continents and the areas of shallow seabed close to their shores , known as continental shelves .
Guayacanes is a village in the municipality of Majagua , Ciego de Ã vila Province , Cuba .
Josef `` Sepp '' Herberger -LRB- March 28 , 1897 in Mannheim , Germany â '' April 28 , 1977 in Weinheim-Hohensachsen , Germany -RRB- was a German football player and manager .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide decomposes to cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- oxide at 168 Â C under vacuum and is oxidized by air to form cobalt -LRB- III -RRB- hydroxide , Co -LRB- OH -RRB- 3 .
It also is used in cobalt blue glass . Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide or cobaltous hydroxide is the chemical compound composed of cobalt and the hydroxide ion with the formula Co -LRB- OH -RRB- 2 .
Parasitic wasps are typically parasitoids , and extremely diverse in habits , many laying their eggs in inert stages of their host -LRB- egg or pupa -RRB- , or sometimes paralyzing their prey by injecting it with venom through their ovipositor .
Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops .
With most species , adult parasitic wasps themselves do not take any nutrients from their prey , and , much like bees , butterflies , and moths , those that do feed as adults typically derive all of their nutrition from nectar .
The host remains alive until the parasitoid larvae are mature , usually dying either when the parasitoids pupate , or when they emerge as adults .
They then insert one or more eggs into the host or deposit them upon the host externally .
Almost every pest insect species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it , making wasps critically important in natural control of their numbers , or natural biocontrol .
The various species of wasps fall into one of two main categories : solitary wasps and social wasps .
It straddles the border between the London Boroughs of Hackney and Haringey , the postal address and three of the entrances being in the former , and one entrance in the latter .
Manor House tube station is a station on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground , on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3 .
Del City is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area .
At the 2006 Winter Olympics , Takahashi was in a good position after the short program , but had a poor long program and placed 8th overall .
He won the 2006 â `` 2007 Japan Figure Skating Championships , taking the Japanese National title for the second year in a row , and then went on to the Winter Universiade in Turin , Italy which he won as well .
For a time he lived and worked throughout the South and Midwest as a migrant worker . He and his family returned to Mississippi in 1926 .
He died of a heart attack in the Nassawadox hospital in Northampton County , Virginia in 1974 .
Arthur `` Big Boy '' Crudup -LRB- August 5 , 1905 â '' March 28 , 1974 -RRB- was a Delta blues singer , songwriter and guitarist .
Caplong is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Stuart Baxter -LRB- born 16 August 1953 -RRB- is a Scottish football manager and former player .
It was first used for the European Grand Prix on August 24 , 2008 .
The circuit utilizes the roads skirting around the city 's harbor and America 's Cup port area â `` including a section over a 140 m swing bridge , and also includes some roads designed exclusively for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke who also designed the infrastructural buildings for the circuit .
There have only been 4 recorded overtakes since the race was first held in 2008 , with none of them in 2009 .
The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008 , as the circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around 323 k , with a lap record of 1:37.587 , held by Sebastian Vettel , which he set during the 2010 European Grand Prix . Valencia is not as tight as Circuit de Monaco but overtaking opportunities are still relatively few , due to the straights not being straight and the dust off line .
The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia , Spain which will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years .
The first race meeting on the circuit was held over the 23\/24 August 2008 weekend , with Felipe Massa winning the main event , the European Grand Prix , after starting from pole position .
The circuit has been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites .
The track is 5.419 k long and incorporates a total of 25 turns â `` 11 right-handers and 14 left-handers .
The official track layout was unveiled by Valencia councillor and transport counselor , Mario Flores , on 19 July 2007 .
The San Antonio Spurs are an American professional basketball team based in San Antonio , Texas .
Harvey is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States , near Chicago .
Ixelles -LRB- French , pronounced -RRB- or Elsene -LRB- Dutch , pronounced -RRB- is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
Mega Man Star Force 2 , known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
It is the sequel to Mega Man Star Force .
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the Head of Her Majesty 's Government in the United Kingdom .
The , David Cameron , was appointed on 11 May 2010 .
The Tri-Cities is a mid-sized metropolitan area in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Washington , consisting of three neighboring cities : Kennewick , Pasco , and Richland .
In 2001 , it had a population of 32,972 .
JosÃ Ferreira Franco -LRB- Recife , 18 November 1934 â `` 25 July 2009 -RRB- , nicknamed Zequinha , was a Brazilian former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Valoux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Events from the year 2010 in the United Kingdom .
Teruki Miyamoto -LRB- December 26 , 1940 â `` February 2 , 2000 -RRB- was a Japanese football player who won the bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Octane became well-known in American popular culture in the mid - and late-sixties , when gasoline companies boasted of `` high octane '' levels in their gasoline in advertisements .
The medical tradition dates back long before the foundation of the university , with the foundation of the first hospital in the nearby silver-mining city of Schwaz in 1307 .
Therefore , a medical faculty was included in the initial university , established in 1669 by emperor Leopold I , making it the first of its kind in the Alpine region .
The Innsbruck Medical University -LRB- in German : Medizinische UniversitÃ t Innsbruck -RRB- is a university in Innsbruck , Tyrol , Austria .
It used to be one of the fours historical faculties of the Leopold-Franzens-Universit Ã t Innsbruck but became an independent university in 2004 .
They are situated where the northeastern Caribbean Sea meets the western Atlantic Ocean .
The Leeward Islands -LRB- Ë liË wÉ d Ë aÉ lÉ ndz -RRB- are the northern islands of the Lesser Antilles chain of islands , east of Puerto Rico and running southward to Dominica , being part of the West Indies .
The southern part of the Lesser Antilles chain is called the Windward Islands .
Abrams is a town in Oconto County , Wisconsin , United States .
The population was 1,757 at the 2000 Census .
Ungulates -LRB- meaning roughly `` being hoofed '' or `` hoofed animal '' -RRB- are several groups of mammals , most of which use the tips of their toes , usually hoofed , to sustain their whole body weight while moving .
At this point , the island has become an atoll .
Matthew Moore `` Matt '' Hardy -LRB- born September 23 , 1974 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler .
In September 1917 , the Ottomans caught her carrier pigeon with a message to the British and decrypted the Nili code .
These are sometimes called primary caves .
Following the success of Percy Jackson , Rick Riordan created The Kane Chronicles , which features a modern-day Egyptian pantheon and two new sibling protagonists . Its first book , The Red Pyramid , was released on May 4 , 2010 ; the sequel will be released on May 3 , 2011 .
He graduated from Alamo Heights High School in 1982 and the University of Texas at Austin in 1986 , where he double-majored in English and history .
The multi-award-winning Tres Navarre mystery series , intended for adults , follows the fast-paced adventures of an erudite Texan private eye . Riordan also helped create the young adult series The 39 Clues ; he authored several of its books , including The Maze of Bones , which topped the New York Times Best Seller list on September 28 , 2008 .
He also wrote the Tres Navarre mystery series for adults and helped to edit Demigods and Monsters , a collection of essays on the topic of his Percy Jackson series .
Riordan was raised in San Antonio , Texas .
Twentieth Century Fox purchased the film rights and released a feature film on February 12 , 2010 .
His Percy Jackson and the Olympians series features a twelve-year-old boy who discovers he is the modern-day son of an ancient Greek god .
Richard Russell `` Rick '' Riordan , Jr. -LRB- born June 5 , 1964 -RRB- is the author of the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series .
He was awarded St. Mary 's Hall 's first Master Teacher Award in 2002 .
He helped develop the 10 books in The 39 Clues series , published by Scholastic Corporation , and wrote the first book in the series , The Maze of Bones .
Cures is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Middleton is a city in Canyon County , Idaho , United States .
Anatoliy Oleksandrovych Tymoshchuk -LRB- born 30 March 1979 in Lutsk -RRB- is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for German Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Ukrainian national team .
Nikolai Suetin used Suprematist motifs on works at the St. Petersburg Lomonosov Porcelain Factory where Malevich and Chashnik were also employed , and Malevich designed a Suprematist teapot .
This development in artistic expression came about when Russia was in a revolutionary state , ideas were in ferment , and the old order was being swept away .
He created a suprematist ` grammar ' based on fundamental geometric forms ; in particular , the square and the circle .
Malevich 's architectural projects were known after 1922 Arkhitektoniki .
`` Black Square '' was painted in 1915 and was presented as a breakthrough in his career and in art in general .
As the new order became established , and Stalinism took hold from 1924 on , the state began limiting the freedom of artists .
The centerpiece of his show was the Black Square , placed in what is called the red\/beautiful corner in Russian Orthodox tradition ; the place of the main icon in a house .
Another part of the formalism was low regard for triangles which were `` dismissed as Ancient , pagan , or Christian '' .
I felt only night within me and it was then that I conceived the new art , which I called Suprematism .
There was some crossover with Constructivism , with Suprematists such as Popova and especially El Lissitzky working on propaganda and industrial design .
Lissitzky spread Suprematist ideas abroad in the early 1920s .
`` White on White '' was a breakthrough from polychrome to monochrome Suprematism .
From the late 1920s the Russian avant-garde experienced direct and harsh criticism from the authorities and in 1934 the doctrine of Socialist Realism became official policy , and prohibited abstraction and divergence of artistic expression .
Some of the titles to paintings in 1915 express the concept of a non-euclidian geometry which imagined forms in movement , or through time ; titles such as : Two dimensional painted masses in the state of movement .
The Suprematists also made architectural models in the 1920s which offered a different conception of socialist buildings to those developed in Constructivist architecture .
Designs emphasized the right angle , with similarities to De Stijl and Le Corbusier , and were justified with an ideological connection to communist governance and equality for all .
In the 0.10 Exhibition in 1915 , Malevich exhibited his early experiments in suprematist painting .
Salmonella is closely related to the Escherichia genus and are found worldwide in cold - and warm-blooded animals -LRB- including humans -RRB- , and in the environment .
They cause illnesses like typhoid fever , paratyphoid fever , and the foodborne illness .
Salmonella is typically voicing the initial letter `` L , '' although it is named for pathologist Daniel Elmer Salmon .
Hans Cieslarczyk -LRB- born 3 May 1937 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Daisuke Tanaka -LRB- born January 6 , 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for MIO Biwako Kusatsu .
Du PrÃ primarily played two Stradivarius cellos , the 1673 cello -LRB- now called the `` du PrÃ Stradivarius '' -RRB- , and the 1712 Davidov Stradivarius .
It was the Peresson cello that du PrÃ played for the remainder of her career until 1973 , using it for a second , live , recording of the Elgar Concerto , and her last studio recording , of FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin 's Cello Sonata in G minor and CÃ sar Franck 's Violin Sonata in A arranged as a cello sonata , in December 1971 .
Her last public concerts were in New York in February 1973 : four performances of the Brahms Double Concerto with Pinchas Zukerman , and Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic were scheduled .
She performed with the 1673 Stradivarius from 1961 until 1964 , when she acquired the Davidov .
She performed at the Proms in 1963 , playing the Elgar Concerto with Sir Malcolm Sargent .
After her death , a rose cultivar named in her honor received the Award of Garden Merit from the Royal Horticultural Society .
Du PrÃ recalled that she had problems judging the weight of the bow , and just opening the cello case had become difficult .
From 1969 to 1970 du PrÃ played a Francesco Goffriller cello , and in 1970 she acquired a modern instrument from the Philadelphia violin maker Sergio Peresson .
Jacqueline du PrÃ met pianist Daniel Barenboim on New Year 's Eve 1966 .
Both instruments were gifts from her godmother , Ismena Holland .
She regularly performed with such famous conductors as Barbirolli , Sargent , Sir Adrian Boult , Daniel Barenboim , Zubin Mehta , and Leonard Bernstein .
She converted to Judaism , and they were married on 15 June 1967 at the Western Wall .
In 1965 , at age 20 , du PrÃ recorded the Elgar Concerto for EMI with the London Symphony Orchestra and Sir John Barbirolli , which brought her international recognition .
Du PrÃ became a favorite at the Proms , performing every year until 1969 .
Her last London concerts were in February 1973 , performing the Elgar Concerto with Zubin Mehta and the New Philharmonia Orchestra .
Many of her most famous recordings were made on this instrument , including the Elgar Concerto with Barbirolli , the Robert Schumann Cello Concerto with Barenboim , and the two Brahms cello sonatas .
In 1971 du PrÃ â s playing began an irreversible decline as she started to lose sensitivity in her fingers and other parts of her body .
Du PrÃ performed with several prestigious orchestras , including the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra , London Symphony , London Philharmonic , New Philharmonia Orchestra , BBC Symphony Orchestra , New York Philharmonic , Philadelphia Orchestra , Israel Philharmonic , and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra .
She participated in a Pablo Casals masterclass in Zermatt , Switzerland in 1960 , and undertook short-term studies with Paul Tortelier in Paris in 1962 and Mstislav Rostropovich in Russia in 1966 .
In March 1961 , at age 16 , du PrÃ made her formal dÃ but , at Wigmore Hall , London . She made her concerto dÃ but in 1962 at the Royal Festival Hall playing the Elgar Cello Concerto with the BBC Symphony Orchestra under Rudolf Schwarz .
She was made an honorary fellow of St Hilda 's College , Oxford , whose music building bears her name .
Du PrÃ â s main teacher from 1955 to 1961 both privately and at the Guildhall School of Music in London , was the celebrated cellist William Pleeth .
At the age of four du PrÃ is said to have heard the sound of the cello on the radio and asked her mother for `` one of those . ''
She started with lessons from her mother , who composed little pieces accompanied by illustrations , before beginning study at the London Violoncello School at age five .
Her mother , born Iris Greep , was a talented pianist , and taught at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
Her first teacher was Alison Dalrymple .
Born in Oxford , England , du PrÃ was the second child of Derek and Iris du PrÃ .
Ittenthal was a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Vieille - Ã glise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Though this is inherent to any form of cooking , the rapid cooking and unattended nature of microwave oven use results in additional hazard . Microwave oven manuals frequently warn of such hazards .
Xabier ` Xabi ' Prieto Argarate -LRB- born 29 August 1983 in San SebastiÃ n , Basque Country -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Sociedad in La Liga , mainly as a right midfielder .
It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico on August 30 , weakening into a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph -LRB- 185 km\/h -RRB- winds .
Ike killed 7 people as it traversed nearly the entirety of Cuba .
As Ike moved inland , it brought extensive flooding and wind damage throughout the Midwest and as far north as Pennsylvania .
ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time -LRB- such as Bertha -RRB- as well as particularly strong hurricanes -LRB- such as Ike -RRB- , have high ACEs .
A tropical disturbance in the eastern Caribbean Sea was in an area unfavorable for development in the second week of October .
An area of low pressure became stationary in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for several days at the beginning of November .
ACE is only officially released for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots -LRB- 39 mph , 63 km\/h -RRB- or tropical storm strength , so Tropical Depression Sixteen does not have an ACE .
Tropical Depression Thirteen formed from a very small but well-organized low in the Bay of Campeche on October 6 .
After crossing into the Atlantic , Fay turned westward again and crossed northern Florida on August 22 .
It then degenerated to a remnant low the next day .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the North Atlantic in 2008 .
Paloma caused up to $ 300 million -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- in damage to Cuba , and $ 15 million in damage to the Cayman Islands .
The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm later the same day as it passed to the south of the Cape Verde islands .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it underwent explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an estimated pressure drop of 43 m , from 991 t ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 m , from 996 t. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
Significant flooding resulted in much of eastern Florida , along with some wind damage .
At one point , tropical storm-force winds were estimated to extend only 10 m from the center , which makes it the smallest tropical cyclone on record .
The Bolivar Peninsula was worst affected by the surge , while Galveston Island -LRB- where waves topped the seawall -RRB- and the Port Arthur areas also saw extensive damage .
On October 1 it became `` post-tropical '' as it moved over cooler waters .
Early on July 1 , a weak tropical wave emerged off the coast of Africa .
It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna .
At one point , the diameter of Ike 's tropical storm and hurricane force winds were 600 and 240 miles -LRB- 965 and 390 km -RRB- , respectively , making Ike the largest Atlantic hurricane ever recorded .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26 .
This energy aloft helped to organize a surface low along the shearline early on August 2 , which slowly organized over the following day .
It continued northward and maintained hurricane strength until landfall near Yarmouth , Nova Scotia in Canada late on September 28 .
A disturbance developed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August .
Tropical Depression Eight formed on August 28 from a low pressure area east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands .
It meandered around Puerto Rico and Hispaniola , dumping torrential rains across the islands causing a significant amount of damage , despite never developing a closed circulation .
On September 1 it became Tropical Depression Nine while west of the Cape Verde islands and intensified into a tropical storm later that day , when it was given the name Ike .
Marco dissipated that night as the small circulation moved inland .
The National Hurricane Center noted that this tropical cyclone was remarkably forecast up to a week in advance by many global computer models .
On November 9 , Paloma was downgraded to a tropical storm and then a depression .
It remained a hurricane through that night and it changed little in intensity through the next day , but that evening Omar intensified quickly and became a 115 mph Category 3 storm , and became a 125 mph -LRB- 205 km\/h -RRB- storm the next morning .
The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to maintain convection over its center for at least 12 hours .
Bertha again began to rapidly intensify on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical .
It tracked westward into the Caribbean Sea where it encountered more favorable conditions , and became a tropical depression on the morning of August 25 , west of the Windward Islands .
A few hours later , Kyle became extratropical as the cold waters of the Bay of Fundy took effect .
On July 12 , Bertha slowed in movement , becoming almost stationary and by July 13 this slow movement weakened the storm to tropical storm strength .
On August 15 , a closed circulation was found and the system was declared Tropical Storm Fay .
At least 537 deaths were blamed on Hanna , primarily in Haiti .
A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico .
The next day it strengthened to become Tropical Storm Paloma then later , Hurricane Paloma .
Hanna transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it moved offshore from Massachusetts early on September 7 .
Given Arthur 's very short lifespan , Jeff Masters questions whether it would have been reported and named in the years prior to today 's technology .
After intensification slowed for a few hours , another round of rapid intensification occurred and Gustav was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane during a hurricane hunter flight around 1 p.m. EDT -LRB- 1700 UTC -RRB- , with 145 mph -LRB- 215 km\/h -RRB- winds .
On a scale that ranges from 1 to 6 , with 6 being highest destructive potential , Ike earned a 5.6 .
Later that day Fay produced heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola prompting a major flash flood threat .
Other systems have formed , but were subtropical -LRB- such as Andrea in 2007 -RRB- .
Marco made landfall near Veracruz , Mexico the next morning at the same intensity .
Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
In general , Maritimers were spared the anticipated damage .
After a bout of strengthening on July 6 , Bertha was upgraded to a hurricane early on July 7 as satellite and microwave imagery indicated an eye feature had formed .
It finally became extratropical on July 20 southwest of Iceland .
IKE is a measure of storm surge destructive potential , similar to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale , though it is more complex and in many ways more accurate .
It organized enough to become Tropical Depression Sixteen on October 14 .
As it zigzagged from water to land , it became the first storm in recorded history to make landfall in Florida four times .
It continued to strengthen that morning .
Power was knocked out to most of the Houston area and windows were blown out of skyscrapers in downtown Houston .
It re-organized further south into a strong tropical storm once again on August 28 before speeding up and hitting Jamaica .
It made landfall on Galveston Island on September 13 as a strong Category 2 hurricane , but its large size brought storm surge of over 12 f from Galveston Island eastward into southern Louisiana .
By early the next day , a surface low developed and the wave became better organized .
When Arthur made landfall on Belize it caused an estimated US$ 78 million worth of damage and killed 9 people , 5 of them directly .
The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season was a very active hurricane season with sixteen named storms formed , including eight that became hurricanes and five that became major hurricanes .
The names were replaced with Gonzalo , Isaias , and Paulette .
It weakened into a strong Category 3 and then re-strengthened once again at Category 4 late in the afternoon of September 7 as it headed for landfall on the northeastern coastline of Cuba that evening .
A strong tropical disturbance tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September .
At 8 a.m. CDT September 1 the storm weakened to Category 2 just before landfall .
The season officially started on June 1 and ended on November 30 .
On April 22 , 2009 , at the 31st Session of the World Meteorological Organization 's Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee , the WMO retired the names Gustav , Ike , and Paloma from its rotating name lists .
It tracked south of Cape Verde and slowly developed .
A tropical disturbance developed off the coast of Africa near the end of August .
It became extratropical on September 14 .
Omar quickly strengthened into a 70 mph -LRB- 110 km\/h -RRB- storm that afternoon , and became a hurricane that night .
It strengthened to Tropical Storm Omar the next day .
It tracked south of Cape Verde and slowly developed .
Six hours after becoming a depression , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha , the second named storm of the season .
As it moved inland , the system weakened into a tropical depression by afternoon .
Kyle was upgraded to a hurricane during the afternoon of September 27 .
The list was the same as the 2002 list except for Ike and Laura , which replaced Isidore and Lili , respectively .
As it entered warmer waters , it slowly gained tropical characteristics and was declared Subtropical Storm Laura early on September 29 .
On the morning of August 30 , Gustav was upgraded to a major Category 3 hurricane .
A vigorous tropical wave tracked into the northeastern Caribbean in mid-August .
Ike also had the highest Integrated Kinetic Energy -LRB- IKE -RRB- of any Atlantic storm .
Gustav killed 92 people in Haiti , the Dominican Republic , and Jamaica .
On September 2 it became Tropical Depression Ten while south-southeast of the southernmost Cape Verde islands .
The table on the right shows the ACE for each storm in the season .
It dissipated inland that evening .
By September 24 , it began to track northward away from the islands and into the open Atlantic water , and it became a tropical storm on September 25 , thus being named Kyle .
It produced heavy rain across the Leeward Islands and into Puerto Rico before tracking westward , while unable to develop a low-level circulation despite producing tropical storm-force winds .
In a discussion supplied by the National Hurricane Center , it stated that Omar may have peaked as a minimal Category 4 early that morning .
The depression organized further and developed two distinct bands of convection .
The formation of Arthur also marks the first time that a named storm formed in May for two consecutive years .
The system traversed the YucatÃ n Peninsula slowly and dissipated inland early on June 2 .
Rapid intensification continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph -LRB- 205 km\/h -RRB- winds and a well-defined eye .
Finally , on November 5 the low pressure system organized and became Tropical Depression Seventeen just east of Nicaragua .
Strong wind shear weakened the system over the next few days , and it dissipated on September 6 without coming near any land .
The strengthening trend abated early on July 8 , due to wind shear , and Bertha rapidly weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane that afternoon .
A tropical disturbance developed off the coast of Africa near the end of August .
While drifting across the region , upper-level winds diminished enough for the tropical disturbance to strengthen and to develop into Tropical Depression Fifteen on October 13 .
Tropical Storm Arthur formed near the Belize coast early on May 31 , developing out of the interaction between a tropical wave and the remnants of Tropical Storm Alma , and made landfall on Belize later that day .
It then was upgraded to a hurricane again during the late afternoon of August 29 .
Damage from Ike is estimated at $ 37.6 billion -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- of which $ 29.6 billion was in the US , the third most destructive U.S. hurricane on record , behind Katrina in 2005 and Andrew in 1992 .
It ripped across Great Inagua Island and Grand Turk Island , where 80 % of the buildings on Grand Turk were severely damaged or completely destroyed .
It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura .
Ike was an extremely large and powerful storm .
In addition , the storm killed at least 74 people in Haiti and 2 people in the Dominican Republic .
As Ike crossed Cuba on September 8 it weakened to a Category 1 hurricane and emerged into the Caribbean Sea , where it moved along or just off of the southern coast of Cuba .
Fay crossed Hispaniola , Cuba , and hit south Florida beginning late on August 18 , slowly tracking northeastward across the peninsula .
As it moved over cooler waters , it weakened slightly to a tropical storm late on July 19 .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph -LRB- 100 km\/h -RRB- winds that afternoon .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
The NHC upgraded Bertha to a Category 2 with winds of 105 mph -LRB- 170 km\/h -RRB- and stated that Bertha could intensify further to major hurricane status again , but instead weakened into an 85 mph -LRB- 135 km\/h -RRB- Category 1 hurricane .
The storm made landfall in Southeast Texas near Port Arthur on the morning of August 5 as a strong tropical storm .
Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba , firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province , causing catastrophic damage , although it was difficult to estimate it ; damage was later estimated at 3 billion dollars -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- .
Subtropical storms are not included in season totals , and thus values accrued while Laura was subtropical are not included in its ACE total .
Striking southwest Haiti , it weakened into a tropical storm on the evening of August 27 due to land interaction and slowed down considerably .
Hanna meandered around the southeastern Bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated Haiti .
It was the most destructive hurricane in Texas history .
This storm caused about $ 150 million in damage -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- , and killed at least 75 people .
However , wind shear and dry air quickly weakened Omar to a minimal hurricane that afternoon as it raced towards the northeast and soon it dropped to tropical storm strength .
On September 1 , while Hanna was moving very near to the island of Mayaguana in the Bahamas , it was upgraded to Category 1 hurricane status .
Fay weakened into a tropical depression along the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
In the last week of September , a very large non-tropical system over the north-central Atlantic slowly moved westward away from the Azores .
Sablons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Parcieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Fabricio Coloccini -LRB- ; born 22 January 1982 -RRB- is an Argentine football defender who plays for Newcastle United and the Argentine national team .
Sarothamnus scoparius -RRB- , a native of northwestern Europe , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .
Most of the species have yellow flowers , but a few have white , orange , red , pink or purple flowers .
Ashes of broom were used to treat dropsy , while its strong smell was said to be able to tame wild horses and dogs .
Brooms are a group of evergreen , semi-evergreen , and deciduous shrubs in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae , mainly in the three genera Chamaecytisus , Cytisus and Genista , but also in five other small genera -LRB- see box , right -RRB- .
All genera in this group are from the tribe Genisteae .
These genera are all closely related and share similar characteristics of dense , slender green stems and very small leaves , which are adaptations to dry growing conditions .
Like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered in profuse golden-yellow flowers .
In late summer , its peapod-like seed capsules burst open , often with an audible pop , spreading seed from the parent plant .
A traditional rhyme from Sussex says : `` Sweep the house with blossed broom in May\/sweep the head of the household away . ''
Many brooms -LRB- though not all -RRB- are fire-climax species , adapted to regular stand-replacing fires which kill the above-ground parts of the plants , but create conditions for regrowth from the roots and also for germination of stored seeds in the soil .
Despite this , it was also common to include a decorated bundle of broom at weddings .
All the brooms and their relatives -LRB- including Laburnum and Ulex -RRB- are natives of Europe , north Africa and southwest Asia , with the greatest diversity in the Mediterranean region .
It makes a shrub about 1 â `` 3m tall , rarely to 4 m. It is also the hardiest broom , tolerating temperatures down to about -25 Â C.
Norman Jay Coleman -LRB- May 16 , 1827 -- November 3 , 1911 -RRB- was a newspaper publisher and the first United States Secretary of Agriculture .
His political career continued when he was appointed as Lieutenant Governor of Missouri from 1875 to 1877 .
He was a member of the Freemasons .
During his tenure he campaigned for the creation of the United States Department of Agriculture under the administration of President Grover Cleveland , of which he served as its inaugural Secretary for the remainder of Clevelandâ s term .
He received a law degree from the University of Louisville Law School in 1849 .
As a result of his publication , Coleman became a prominent figure in Missouri farming circles , which set the path for a political career in the Missouri House of Representatives .
The publication of Colemanâ s newspaper was interrupted by the American Civil War , but three years after the war he founded the Colemanâ s Rural World .
In 1855 he founded the Valley Farmer newspaper .
His position as Secretary of Agriculture was never confirmed by the United States Senate .
Coleman was born in Richfield Springs , New York , and later moved to Kentucky to become an educator .
Coleman then moved to Missouri and went into farming .
Victoria 's son , Edward VII , and , in turn , his son , George V , reigned as members of this house .
Upon hearing that his cousin had changed the name of the British royal house to Windsor , German Emperor Wilhelm II remarked jokingly that he planned to see Shakespeare 's play The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
Her descendants were also members of the ducal family of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , a minor branch of the thousand-year-old House of Wettin .
Queen Victoria was married to Albert , Prince Consort - son of Duke Ernst I of the small German duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Saint-Yzan-de-Soudiac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Coffeen is a city in Montgomery County , Illinois , United States .
The English name `` Mary '' comes from the Greek Î Î Ï Î Î , which is a shortened form of Î Î Ï Î Î Î 1\/4 .
The Nativity of the Blessed Virgin is kept on September 8 .
Henry III was unable to be crowned in London when he first came to the throne because the French prince Louis had taken control of the city , and so the king was crowned in Gloucester Cathedral .
However , this coronation was deemed by the Pope to be improper , and a further coronation was held in the Abbey on 17 May 1220 .
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the traditional cleric in the coronation ceremony .
Until the 19th century , Westminster was the third seat of learning in England , after Oxford and Cambridge .
From 1301 to 1996 -LRB- except for a short time in 1950 when it was temporarily stolen by Scottish nationalists -RRB- , the chair also housed the Stone of Scone upon which the kings of Scots are crowned .
King Edward 's Chair -LRB- or St Edward 's Chair -RRB- , the throne on which English and British sovereigns have been seated at the moment of coronation , is housed within the Abbey and has been used at every coronation since 1308 .
It was here that the first third of the King James Bible Old Testament and the last half of the New Testament were translated .
Since the coronations in 1066 of both King Harold and William the Conqueror , coronations of English and British monarchs were held in the Abbey .
Although the Stone is now kept in Scotland , in Edinburgh Castle , at future coronations it is intended that the Stone will be returned briefly to St Edward 's Chair for the moment of coronation .
The New English Bible was also put together here in the 20th century .
Prior to that he had been their test driver , as well as a competitor in the GP2 Series for the DAMS team .
His younger brother , Daisuke , is also a racing driver .
He dovetailed that championship with appearances in the Japanese GT300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the 2008 season .
Nakajima is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima .
He went on to finish eighth and scored a point .
Nakajima stayed in Japanese Formula Three for 2005 , finishing second .
Nakajima scored another point at the 2008 British Grand Prix , after losing seventh place on the last lap .
Kazuki Nakajima is a Formula One driver from Japan who drove for the Williams-Toyota team from to .
He then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix , having outqualified his teammate .
He had a successful start to 2008 at the Australian Grand Prix , finishing seventh but promoted to sixth after Rubens Barrichello was disqualified , even whilst knocking Robert Kubica out of the race and being penalized .
He progressed onto Japanese Formula Three in 2004 , winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers ' Championship .
It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz , Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in Brazil .
Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico HÃ 1\/4 lkenberg for 2010 , leaving Nakajima without a seat .
At Brazil Nakajima was once again in contention for points until being taken out by rookie and fellow countrymen Kamui Kobayashi . Nakajima finished the season having scored no points , with his team-mate Nico Rosberg being single-handedly responsible for every championship point scored by the Williams team , with Nakajima being the only non points scorer out of the drivers who took part in each race in 2009 .
Nakajima scored two points at Monaco where no Japanese Formula One driver had previously scored a point , and retired from the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix after hitting the pit wall when pitting for a new front wing .
In 2002 , Nakajima won a scholarship in Formula Toyota , which he became champion in a year later .
The FIA subsequently ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage , so Nakajima was left with no drive in Formula One for 2010 .
Nakajima also served as Williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 km of testing for the team .
Nakajima 's first year in GP2 finished with no wins , but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie .
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team alongside French 2005 â `` 06 A1 Grand Prix winner Nicolas Lapierre .
Nakajima 's debut in a Formula One car came at Fuji Speedway during November 2006 , where he completed four demonstration laps in wet conditions .
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the 2009 season .
In Singapore , Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time qualifying 10th on the grid .
His father had been backed by Toyota 's arch-rivals Honda through his career .
Stefan duly confirmed on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team 's drivers , although the team did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season .
At the 2009 Australian Grand Prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
He also crashed on the penultimate lap of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
In November 2006 , Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season , alongside fellow test driver Narain Karthikeyan and race drivers Nico Rosberg and Alexander Wurz , targeting a race seat in .
Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any accusations that his father had promoted his career .
Nakajima moved to the Formula Three Euroseries in 2006 and competed against the likes of Sebastian Vettel and Paul di Resta .
Nakajima started his career in racing in 1996 , when he started karting .
Nakajima was signed to drive for Stefan GP in 2010 , but the team was not accepted as an entrant in the Formula One world championship .
Nakajima finished tenth in the race , setting the fifth fastest lap â `` quicker than his team-mate Nico Rosberg , who finished fourth .
Greetings are often , but not always , used just prior to a conversation .
Suuresadama is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Omissy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Keiju Karashima -LRB- born 24 June 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Extending the definition of remainder for real numbers as described above is not of theoretical importance in mathematics ; however , many programming languages implement this definitionâ '' see modulo operation .
If a and d are integers , with d non-zero , then a remainder is an integer r such that a = qd + r for some integer q , and with 0 â r -LRB- d .
42 = 8 -LRB- 5 -RRB- + -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
If the quotient is constrained to being an integer however , the concept of remainder is still necessary .
As in the case of division of integers , the remainder could be required to be negative , that is , - d -LRB- r â 0 .
In the case above , the negative remainder is obtained from the positive one just by subtracting 5 , which is d. This holds in general .
It can be proved that there exists a unique integer quotient q and a unique real remainder r such that a = qd + r with 0 â r -LRB- d .
When a and d are real numbers , with d non-zero , a can be divided by d without remainder , with the quotient being another real number .
When defined this way , there are two possible remainders .
If a and d are natural numbers , with d non-zero , it can be proven that there exist unique integers q and r , such that a = qd + r and 0 â r -LRB- d. The number q is called the quotient , while r is called the remainder .
So the remainder is then either 3 or 2 .
For example , the division of 42 by 5 can be expressed as either
When dividing by d , if the positive remainder is r1 , and the negative one is r2 , then
In arithmetic , the remainder -LRB- or residue -RRB- is the amount `` left over '' after the division of two integers which can not be expressed with an integer quotient .
Hannah Montana : The Movie is the musical film adaptation of the American teen sitcom Hannah Montana .
The series focuses on a girl who lives a double life as an average teenage school girl named Miley Stewart -LRB- played by Miley Cyrus -RRB- by day and a famous pop singer named Hannah Montana by night , concealing her real identity from the public , other than her close friends and family .
Filming began in April 2008 , much of it occurring in Columbia , Tennessee , and Los Angeles , California , and was completed in July 2008 .
The film was released on April 10 , 2009 in the United States and Canada .
First-generation technologies , which are already mature and economically competitive , include biomass , hydroelectricity , geothermal power and heat . Second-generation technologies are market-ready and are being deployed at the present time ; they include solar heating , photovoltaics , wind power , solar thermal power stations , and modern forms of bioenergy .
Washington University in St. Louis -LRB- Wash U , WUSTL -RRB- is a private research university located in suburban St. Louis , Missouri .
Naoya Tamura is a Japanese footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai .
The band was originally a four-piece group consisting of Maarja Kivi , Lenna Kuurmaa , Katrin Siska and Piret JÃ rvis . Maarja Kivi left the group in 2004 and was replaced by Triinu Kivilaan .
Rodrigo Gral -LRB- born 21 February 1977 in ChapecÃ -RRB- is a Brazilian professional footballer who is currently a free agent .
A territory -LRB- from the word ` terra ' , meaning ` land ' -RRB- is a defined area , including land and waters , considered to be a possession of a person , organization , institution , animal , state or country subdivision .
Unlike charts in the United States , no airplay statistics are used for the official UK Singles Chart .
The full chart contains the top selling 200 singles in the United Kingdom based upon combined record sales and download numbers , though some media outlets only list the Top 40 -LRB- such as the BBC -RRB- or the Top 75 -LRB- such as Music Week Magazine -RRB- of this list .
The UK Singles Chart is compiled by The Official Charts Company -LRB- OCC -RRB- on behalf of the British record-industry .
Around 6,500 British retail outlets contribute sales data , as well as most UK online digital download stores .
The districts typically have populations of 174,000 to 1.1 million .
In 1986 the metropolitan county councils were abolished by the Local Government Act 1985 and most of their functions were devolved to the boroughs , making them to a large extent unitary authorities .
The new districts replaced the previous system of county boroughs , municipal boroughs , urban and rural districts .
Some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
A metropolitan borough is a type of local government district in England , and is a subdivision of a metropolitan county .
Ciudad Real is a city in Castile-La Mancha , Spain , with a population of c. 74,000 .
A symbol for square foot , square feet , and `` per square foot '' commonly used in architecture , real estate and interior space plans is a simple square with a vertical line bisecting it .
However , the driftwood provides shelter and food for birds , fish and other aquatic species as it floats in the ocean .
Gribbles , shipworms and bacteria decompose the wood and gradually turn it into nutrients that are reintroduced to the food web .
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto a shore or beach of a sea or river by the action of winds , tides , waves or man .
Driftwood can be used as part of decorative furniture or other art forms , and is a popular element in the scenery of fish tanks .
According to Norse mythology , the first humans , Ask and Embla , were formed out of two pieces of driftwood , an ash and an elm , by the god Odin and his brothers , Vili and VÃ .
Driftwood carried by Arctic rivers was the main , or sometimes only , source of wood for some Inuit and other Arctic populations living north of the tree line until they came into regular contact with European traders .
In some waterfront areas , driftwood is a major nuisance .
Sometimes , the partially decomposed wood washes ashore , where it also shelters birds , plants , and other species .
Driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
It is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially large lakes .
It breeds in southern Asia from southern Pakistan across India east to Indonesia .
The Spot-billed Pelican or Grey Pelican -LRB- Pelecanus philippensis -RRB- is a member of the pelican family .
Courteron is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Decent people wo n't believe angry remarks that others say about you .
Those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual confrontation , at least for a few weeks .
However , even a small percentage of 10 million users , is a considerable number of difficult users .
Wikipedia has roughly 10 million registered users , so if the vast bulk of people were jerks , then every article would be totally trashed , and every user-page would be filled with warring insults added by everyone else .
Then , later , try to improve some other significant article , which is not a battleground for such controversies .
Consequently , they are encountered , every few days , and even though rare , they know how to be difficult .
So it is not a real problem , like it might be in live social settings , where typically , insults must be backed by some real facts to convince others .
The vast majority of Wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
Avoiding those users also means avoiding some significant articles where they obsess and dwell .
However , remember , in general , when it comes to your `` bad '' wiki-reputation , no one really cares .
Even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : `` the inmates are running the asylum '' .
If people really cared about that , then certainly all difficult users would have been banned for their reputations , many years ago , banned from the wiki-Solar System long ago .
It 's a volunteer project , and most people are too busy to worry about wiki-reputations .
Again , the interactions with difficult users can be so unpleasant that many people have quit .
It might be tempting to try to reform the difficult users .
Most people have simply decided to ignore those difficult users and , also , ignore the veiled insults or other mud thrown at wiki-reputations .
They have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
Basically , you do n't even need to be present at all to have a long set of problems thrust into each article you wrote , contacts to users you know and debates stating how wrong your opinions are -LRB- or rather , would be -RRB- .
A moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to Wikipedia .
Each veiled insult , or slur , against your wiki-reputation can be given an easy spin , with follow-on wording that focuses on a strongly positive view about each comment .
A dull veiled insult , obviously intended to scar your reputation -LRB- in writing -RRB- , is reformed into a 100x times greater compliment , to all who later see the entry .
Most of the admins are well-mannered and grounded in reality , and the few unusual admins are generally removed , and soon .
Of course , numerous Wikipedia editors have left in disgust at such petty , psycho behavior .
However , soon , some of those users will likely `` archive '' your comment topics -LRB- as being old topics -RRB- from the active talk-page , further denying your voice about the article .
The real dangers :
Instead , just keep a private list , off-line from Wikipedia , so that when the names of difficult users re-appear , you can review their infamous antics of the past , and take evasive action .
Now , remember , that several users might just be copy-catting bad behavior , so the first impressions , of how people behave , are somewhat misleading .
Because of the hugely wonderful , over-the-top positive wording , those spins have a second benefit of laughing away the insults , which were not just undone , but thoroughly trounced , beaten down 100 times , by the overly-positive wording of the enthusiastic spin .
In general , people do n't think about who is wrong or who is right , but rather , `` Those guys sure argued a whole lot '' .
Although the glowing , positive terms might seem excessive , the effect is perfect .
It would be unethical to use Wikipedia outside the stated policies of the Wikimedia Foundation , even when following good intentions .
You will have won , completely , and avoided the insulting words of the difficult users .
Rather than having to re-read , each time , the negative wording of the insult , the text to be seen , each time , is the glowing positive view of the improvements -LRB- or other `` great impact to the universe '' -RRB- that you have made .
But they have n't ; instead , troublesome users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
Most people in charge are not nut-cases , not slowly insulting others .
Confrontations with them can be utterly demoralizing and make people want to abandon Wikipedia .
The illusion of `` jerk-ipedia '' is fostered when difficult users band together , as a sort of gang mentality .
Even though you never even entered the discussion , some users will predict your opinions -LRB- in writing -RRB- just to let others see how wrong you are about something you never said .
Specific changes will be reverted and disallowed by them .
At any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant articles , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
The problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages .
To avoid them , perhaps just switch the subject to edit even 5 other , minor articles , and the trolls will lose interest , because the controversial issue they debated has been washed away by the numerous details in 5 dull articles .
Only a few users are difficult , so they should be avoided to keep working with the nice guys .
Wikipedia warns new users not to reveal personal information .
However , Wikipedia is funded to write the encyclopedia , not provide cyber-counseling or psychiatric treatment to disturbed individuals , and not to convert the hearts of hateful people to become humanized or Christianized .
Perhaps the most you can do is say a prayer , or otherwise , counsel with them outside the scope of Wikipedia , but always protect your identity : `` Beyond this point , there be demons '' .
Mustering the renewed enthusiasm , to improve even one more article , is the ultimate win .
Vast numbers of users , rarely seen , are highly considerate and intelligent people .
Many types , of difficult users , can be detected early , by off-balance actions that they employ : `` where there 's smoke there 's fire '' .
Perhaps the most that can be done is to lodge a `` POV dispute '' on an article 's talk-page , but not carry out a protracted debate , because the difficult users will likely escalate any rebellion to become wiki-stalking and hounding of their rivals .
Many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing articles .
The reason each spin can work so well , against the insults , is that , typically , an insulting remark must be mild -LRB- otherwise it becomes a vicious personal attack -RRB- , so consequently the positive spin can easily claim a viewpoint 100x times the opposite , as an enormous compliment .
Eventually , they snapped , and went out in `` a blaze of glory '' by insulting everything and everyone , until the admins reverted their hateful , final rants from the pages where they had cast their vicious parting remarks .
No , instead , most wiki-people are basically good , and it is just a `` small group '' of difficult users who cause most problems .
Try to tune out the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve Wikipedia .
One user thought the solution was to list every difficult user on his user-talk page , but that tends to merely anger them .
There are relatively few difficult users , but they need to be avoided to stay focused on writing the encyclopedia , and not let petty squabbles cause frustrations and doubts about other , decent users .
Consequently , because of that focus , the simple act of ignoring troublesome users , and moving on to improve another article , constitutes a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on articles .
Just as the troll exerts power against those wanting to cross the bridge , the difficult users feel they have a `` captive audience '' in particular articles .
Many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining Wikipedia , as they struggled to gain more power , but were continually ignored or rejected .
The result : insults can always be reworded as a 100x better compliment .
Look for 2 or more warning signs , and compare as repeated patterns of behavior .
However , other less maniacal users have acted as `` semi-trolls '' with more balance , and remained years longer .
Again , many difficult users have a lot of impact , so some new users might get goaded into bad behavior , in a copy-cat manner , and it takes a few combined actions to realize the behavior is a pattern of intentional , negative , and insulting actions by truly difficult users .
Similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travelers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
Although they do n't necessarily know where anyone lives , some difficult users find where you write .
It 's a guaranteed easy win , with a humerous spin 100x times funnier than the meager insults .
However , if ignored , they lose interest when their victims escape , so they move on to find other victims .
Acrocanthosaurus -LRB- , meaning ` high-spined lizard ' -RRB- is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now North America during the Aptian and early Albian stages of the Early Cretaceous . Like most dinosaur genera , Acrocanthosaurus contains only a single species , A. atokensis .
Cannabis -LRB- CÃ n-na-bis -RRB- is a genus of flowering plants that includes three putative species , Cannabis sativa , Cannabis indica , and Cannabis ruderalis .
Its county seat is Shawnee .
The population was 65,521 as of the 2000 census .
Pottawatomie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The Daily News of New York City is the fifth most-widely circulated daily newspaper in the United States with a daily circulation of 632,595 , as of June 13 , 2009 .
It has won ten Pulitzer Prizes .
The Black Vulture , Coragyps atratus , also known as the American Black Vulture , is a bird in the New World vulture family whose range extends from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America .
Despite the similar name and appearance , this species is unrelated to the Eurasian Black Vulture .
Although a common and widespread species , it has a somewhat more restricted distribution than its compatriot , the Turkey Vulture , which breeds well into Canada and south to Tierra del Fuego .
A database transaction comprises a unit of work performed within a database management system -LRB- or similar system -RRB- against a database , and treated in a coherent and reliable way independent of other transactions .
If an error occurs during the transaction , or if the user specifies a rollback operation , the data manipulations within the transaction are not persisted to the database . In no case can a partial transaction be committed to the database since that would leave the database in an inconsistent state .
In physics and engineering , mechanical advantage -LRB- MA -RRB- is the factor by which a mechanism multiplies the force or torque applied to it .
The ideal mechanical advantage -LRB- IMA -RRB- , or theoretical mechanical advantage , is the mechanical advantage of an ideal machine .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Tatar , along with Russian , is the official language of the Republic of Tatarstan .
The literary Tatar language is based on Tatar 's Middle dialect and the Old Tatar language -LRB- Ä ske Tatar Tele -RRB- .
The Tatar language was made a de facto official language in Russia in 1917 , but only in the Tatar Soviet Socialist Republic .
The Metropolitan Borough of Trafford is a metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester , England .
It has a population of 211,800 , covers 41 s , and includes the towns of Altrincham , Partington , Sale , Stretford , and Urmston .
Many speakers also live in Chelyabinsk , Orenburg , Sverdlovsk , Samara and Kurgan Oblasts , Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrugâ '' Yugra , Tatarstan and Udmurtia .
Speakers of the Bashkir language mostly live in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan .
On census day -LRB- 29 April 2001 -RRB- there were 10,646 people living in Cookstown .
Montgomery County -LRB- county code MG -RRB- is a county located in southeast Kansas , in the Central United States .
Its county seat is Independence , and its most populous city is Coffeyville .
But I guess it would be kind of a change from what they usually play in there , '' he said .
Written by Ryan Ross and released on May 4 , 2006 as a CD single , `` But It 's Better If You Do '' is the third single to be released by Panic ! at the Disco , and the second with an accompanying video .
`` It would be a surreal experience , for sure .
The video for `` But It 's Better If You Do '' debuted on Total Request Live daily countdown on June 29 , 2006 at # 8 .
I think they 're kinda perverted , '' says Ryan Ross .
`` But It 's Better If You Do '' is the third single by Panic ! at the Disco , from the album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
So I wanted it to be about the sort of complex inner-monologue , '' he said .
Ross went on to say , `` When I wrote it , I never thought about it being played in strip clubs .
In the movie , the character portrayed by Natalie Portman says : `` Lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off ... but it 's better if you do '' .
The two begin to kiss and Urie removes his mask .
It 's based on a scenario when I was going through a breakup with a girl .
So maybe someone would have to do a chopped and screwed version or something . ''
She is worried about him always singing at illegal strip clubs ; he says he does n't go to illegal strip joints , but he goes anyway .
Following release in the USA , the single debuted at number 4 on Billboard 's Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart , before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated September 23 , 2006 .
The music video begins with a black-and-white introduction of a man -LRB- played by the band 's lead singer , Brendon Urie -RRB- , arguing with his girlfriend .
`` It 's not completely fiction , though .
The music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint .
I think the tempo is too fast , though .
The title is a quote from the movie Closer .
At the beginning of the song 's music video , the song playing in the background is `` Intermission '' , the song preceding `` But It 's Better If You Do '' on the A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out CD .
Because in reality , I do n't like strip clubs .
Urie performs onstage with the other members of Panic and a Las Vegas showgirls dance group .
They retreat to a private room .
As she gains headway , however , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
Urie sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him .
The woman likewise removes her mask to reveal that she was in fact his girlfriend .
A quick slap to Urie 's face and his girlfriend turns to leave .
`` It 's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there .
`` Lying is the Most Fun a Girl can have Without Taking Her Clothes Off '' is also the title of another song by Panic !
It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
Sebaceous glands can usually be found in hair-covered areas , where they are connected to hair follicles -LRB- see image at top -RRB- .
Sebaceous glands secrete the oily , waxy substance called sebum -LRB- Latin , meaning fat or tallow -RRB- that is made of fat -LRB- lipids -RRB- , wax , and the debris of dead fat-producing cells .
Excess sebum has been linked to eating red meats , fried , oily or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
A condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia .
The preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones .
Although it is commonly believed that sebum acts to protect and waterproof hair and skin , scientists have contended that `` low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
In humans , they are found in greatest abundance on the face and scalp , though they are distributed throughout all skin sites except the palms and soles .
In the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands .
There are several related medical conditions , including acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -LRB- see section below : Pathology -RRB- .
In the skin pores , sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic plug called a `` microcomedone '' .
In females , they appear predominantly in the labia minora .
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
A blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous cyst .
In the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands . Seborrhoea is the name for the condition of greasy skin caused by excess sebum .
Certain species of Demodex mites feed on sebum and are commonly found in the sebaceous glands of mammals , including those of humans .
Sebum can also build up around body piercings .
At the rim of the eyelids , meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland .
The prescription drug isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands , and is used to treat acne .
Earwax is partly composed of sebum .
In humans , the lipid content is as follows :
This is however normal , not to be confused with an STD .
In the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands secrete a special type of sebum into tears .
The sebaceous glands are microscopic glands in the skin that secrete an oily\/waxy matter , called sebum , to lubricate the skin and hair of mammals .
Sebaceous gland carcinoma is a rare and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands ; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands .
The glands deposit sebum on the hairs , and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft .
The structure consisting of hair , hair follicle , arrector pili muscle , and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit .
A branched type of acinar gland , the sebaceous glands exist in humans throughout the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet .
Sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is unique to humans .
The sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroids conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris .
The extreme use -LRB- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -RRB- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can cause acne .
Sebum is the cause of some people 's experiencing `` oily '' hair , as in hot weather or if not washed for several days .
Sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -LRB- glabrous skin -RRB- of eyelids , nose , penis , labia minora and nipples .
In males , sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis , on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty .
The sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa , a `` waxy '' or `` cheesy '' white substance coating the skin of newborns .
This may cause serious acne on the face , neck , chest , back and shoulders .
Here , the sebum traverses ducts that terminate in sweat pores on the surface of the skin .
They secrete a form of sebum -LRB- called meibum -RRB- onto the eye , slowing the evaporation of tears .
In his first tournament outside the USSR , the Hastings 1934 â `` 35 , Botvinnik achieved only a tie for 5th-6th places , with 5\/9 .
When describing the post-match party , Botvinnik wrote that at the time he danced the foxtrot and Charleston to a professional standard .
After an appeal by a local chess official , he was admitted in 1928 to Leningrad University 's Mathematics Department .
Botvinnik used what he regarded as the first version of his method of preparing for a contest , but fell two games behind by the end of the first six , played in Moscow .
Botvinnik won further Soviet Championship titles in 1939 , 1944 , 1945 , and 1952 , bringing his total to six â `` a record he shares with Mikhail Tal .
Botvinnik was selected as one of his opponents , and won their game .
In 1931 , at the age of 20 , Botvinnik won his first Soviet Championship in Moscow , scoring 13 Â 1\/2 out of 17 .
After consulting Capablanca and Lasker , Krylenko proposed to award Botvinnik the title grandmaster , but Botvinnik objected that `` titles were not the point . ''
The rematch rule had been nicknamed the `` Botvinnik rule '' , because he twice benefited from it .
In 1960 , Botvinnik was convincingly beaten 8 Â 1\/2 -12 Â 1\/2 at Moscow by Tal , now 23 years old , but again exercised his right to a rematch in 1961 , and won by 13 â `` 8 in Moscow .
On returning to Russia Botvinnik discovered he had been awarded the `` Mark of Honour '' .
Botvinnik wrote that he did not make this mistake again .
Leningrad won and the team manager , who was also Deputy Chairman of the Prolestud , secured Botvinnik a transfer to the Polytechnic 's Electromechanical Department , where he was one of only four students who entered straight from school .
Botvinnik strongly influenced the design of the system which would be used for World Championship competition from 1948 to 1963 .
When the result reached Russia , Krylenko drafted a letter to be sent in Botvinnik 's name to Stalin .
In late summer 1931 , he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering , after completing a practical assignment on temporary transmission lines at the Dnieper Hydroelectric Station .
On a rest day during the event , world champion JosÃ RaÃ l Capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in Leningrad .
However , he accepted a free car and a 67 % increase in his postgraduate study grant , both provided by the People 's Commissariat of Heavy Industry .
Botvinnik placed first equal with Flohr , Â 1\/2 point ahead of Lasker and one point ahead of JosÃ RaÃ l Capablanca , in Moscow 's second International Tournament , held in 1935 .
However , aided by his old friend Ragozin and coach Abram Model , he leveled the score in Leningrad and the match was drawn .
In 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; however in 1952 he tied with Mark Taimanov and won the play-off match .
Viktor Baturinsky wrote `` Now came Botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' -LRB- this statement referred to Botvinnik 's 1951 title defense -RRB- .
Mikhail Botvinnik later said , `` I am a Jew by blood , Russian by culture , Soviet by upbringing . ''
Finally , in 1963 , he lost the title to Tigran Petrosian , by 9 Â 1\/2 -12 Â 1\/2 in Moscow .
This was the first tournament victory by a Soviet master outside his own country .
In January 1929 , Botvinnik played for Leningrad in the student team chess championship against Moscow .
Although his Soviet rivals forecast disaster for him , he scored an undefeated shared first place -LRB- +6 = 8 -RRB- with Capablanca , Â 1\/2 point ahead of current World Champion Max Euwe and rising American stars Reuben Fine and Samuel Reshevsky , and 1 point ahead of ex-champion Alexander Alekhine .
On the basis of his strong results during and just after World War II , Botvinnik was one of five players to contest the 1948 World Chess Championship , which was held at The Hague and Moscow .
FIDE had by then altered the rules , and he was not allowed a rematch .
As a result , Mikhail Botvinnik grew up in Saint Petersburg 's Nevsky Prospekt .
Commentators agreed that Tal 's play was weaker in the rematch , probably due to his health , but also that Botvinnik 's play was better than in the 1960 match , largely due to thorough preparation .
His father forbade the speaking of Yiddish at home , and Mikhail and his older brother Issy attended Soviet schools .
Although his parents were Jewish , his father was a dental technician and his mother a dentist , which allowed the family to live outside the Pale of Settlement to which most Jews in Russia were restricted at the time .
He won the Leningrad Masters ' tournament in 1930 with 6 Â 1\/2 \/ 8 , following this up the next year by winning the Championship of Leningrad by 2 Â 1\/2 points over former Soviet champion Peter Romanovsky .
Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki : the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board , with Keres on top board ; Botvinnik protested and refused to play .
Botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , avoiding the tactical complications in which Tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where Tal 's technique was not outstanding .
To test the strength of Soviet chess masters , Krylenko organized the Moscow 1925 chess tournament .
Keres ' playing record from 1950 to early 1952 had been outstanding .
His famous pupils include World Champions Anatoly Karpov , Garry Kasparov and Vladimir Kramnik .
He wrote that , in London after the tournament , Emanuel Lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization .
He won the 1948 tournament convincingly , with a score of 14\/20 , three points clear , becoming the sixth World Champion .
In early winter , 1936 , Botvinnik was invited to play in a tournament at Nottingham , England .
Though ranking as formal World Champion , Botvinnik had a relatively poor playing record in the early 1950s : he played no formal competitive games after winning the 1948 match tournament until he defended his title , then struggled to draw his 1951 championship match with Bronstein , placed only fifth in the 1951 Soviet Championship , and tied for third in the 1952 GÃ za MarÃ czy Memorial tournament in Budapest ; and he had also performed poorly in Soviet training contests .
In 1957 , he lost to Smyslov by 9 Â 1\/2 â `` 12 Â 1\/2 in Moscow , but the rules then in force allowed him a rematch without having to go through the Candidates ' Tournament , and in 1958 he won the rematch in Moscow ; Smyslov said his health was poor during the return match .
In 1954 , he drew with Vasily Smyslov over 24 games at Moscow , +7 = 10 -7 , again retaining the title .
Botvinnik also played a major role in the organization of chess , making a significant contribution to the design of the World Chess Championship system after World War II and becoming a leading member of the coaching system that enabled the Soviet Union to dominate top-class chess during that time .
Saint-Maurice , or Saint-Maurice-en-Valais , is a municipality and district capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
It is the site of the Roman outpost of Agaunum and the mediaeval St. Maurice 's Abbey , which has become a famous high school in Switzerland -LRB- CollÃ ge de Saint-Maurice -RRB- .
Additionally , deflation may cause the economy to enter a liquidity trap . However , historically not all episodes of deflation correspond with periods of poor economic growth .
In economics , deflation is a decrease in the general price level of goods and services . Deflation occurs when the annual inflation rate falls below 0 % -LRB- a negative inflation rate -RRB- .
There have been three significant periods of deflation in the United States .
Alberto Aquilani -LRB- born 7 July 1984 -RRB- is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus on loan from Premier League side Liverpool .
Associazione Calcio Reggiana 1919 is an Italian association football club , based in Reggio Emilia , Emilia-Romagna . The club was founded in 1919 as A.C. Reggiana and refounded in July 2005 as Reggio Emilia F.C. , but it was renamed A.C. Reggiana 1919 soon after the start of the 2005 â `` 06 season .
Callaway is located at .
Eiji Hanayama -LRB- born August 21 , 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
His best known written work is the Kitab al Tawasin , Arabic -LRB- Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ù -RRB- , which includes two brief chapters devoted to a dialogue of Satan -LRB- Iblis -RRB- and God , where Satan refuses to bow to Adam , although God asks him to do so .
Some people use two shower curtains : one that is inside the tub , which is mainly functional or decorative as well , and an outer shower curtain , which is purely decorative . Shower doors are doors used in bathrooms that help keep water inside a shower or bathtub and are great alternatives to shower curtains .
Shower curtains are curtains used in bathtubs with a shower or shower enclosures .
These include , complete shower units which are all encompassing showers that include the pan , walls , and often the shower head , as well and pieced together units in which you buy the pan , shower head and doors all separately .
Nobuyuki Kojima -LRB- born January 17 , 1966 in Maebashi , Gunma -RRB- is a retired Japanese football goalkeeper .
In the United Kingdom , ` custard ' often refers to a dessert thickened from cornflor -LRB- cornstarch -RRB- rather than eggs ; see custard powder .
Montory is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
His book , entitled Morphine and released in 1926 , provided an account of the writer 's state during these years .
He also briefly served in the Ukrainian People 's Army .
Mikhail and brothers ended up in the Caucasus .
He was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow .
In 1932 , Bulgakov married for the third time , to Yelena Shilovskaya , who would prove to be inspiration for the character Margarita in his most famous novel .
Mikhail Bulgakov was born on May 15 , 1891 in Kiev , at that time in the Russian Empire .
At the outbreak of the First World War he volunteered with the Red Cross as a medical doctor and was sent directly to the frontline , where he was badly injured at least twice .
In 1913 Bulgakov married Tatiana Lappa .
He is best known for his novel The Master and Margarita , which The Times of London has called one of the masterpieces of the 20th century .
Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov -LRB- , , Kiev -- March 10 , 1940 , Moscow -RRB- was a Soviet Russian writer and playwright active in the first half of the 20th century .
Bulgakov wrote the play `` Batum '' glorifying Stalin 's early revolutionary activity , but the play was banned by Stalin . However , Stalin had enjoyed another of Bulgakov 's plays , The Days of the Turbins -LRB- 1926 -RRB- and found work for him at a small Moscow theater , and then the Moscow Art Theatre .
In one year -LRB- in 1918 -RRB- he finished injecting himself with morphine and never used it in the future .
In 1916 , he graduated from the Medical Department of Kiev University and then served in the White Army alongside his brothers .
Bulgakov died from nephrosclerosis -LRB- an inherited kidney disorder -RRB- on March 10 , 1940 .
Year 1686 -LRB- MDCLXXXVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Friday of the 10-day slower Julian calendar .
A wind farm is a group of wind turbines in the same location used for production of electric power . A large wind farm may consist of several hundred individual wind turbines , and cover an extended area of hundreds of square miles , but the land between the turbines may be used for agricultural or other purposes .
Cilia occur in all members of the group -LRB- although the peculiar suctoria only have them for part of the life-cycle -RRB- and are variously used in swimming , crawling , attachment , feeding , and sensation .
The ciliates are a group of protozoans characterized by the presence of hair-like organelles called cilia , which are identical in structure to flagella but typically shorter and present in much larger numbers with a different undulating pattern than flagella .
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing is the holding company for the exchange .
Chironico is a municipality located in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
One of the most important debates over the sermon is how directly it should be applied to everyday life .
E. Earle Ellis -LRB- Professor of Theology at SWBTS -RRB- says that this sermon is an eschatological invitation in which Jesus is inviting believers to live according to an ethic that will be standard in the future kingdom of God .
As Ellis says , we are to speak Jesus ' words , think his thoughts , and do his deeds .
Each recipient uses the corresponding private key to decrypt the session key .
Each user has a pair of cryptographic keysâ '' a public encryption key and a private decryption key .
The distinguishing technique used in public key cryptography is the use of asymmetric key algorithms , where the key used to encrypt a message is not the same as the key used to decrypt it .
The person who anticipates receiving messages first creates both a public key and an associated private key , and publishes the public key .
Messages are encrypted with the recipient 's public key and can only be decrypted with the corresponding private key .
Anhalt-Bitterfeld is a district in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
This district was established by merging the former districts of Bitterfeld , KÃ then and a large part of Anhalt-Zerbst as part of the reform of 2007 .
Rehoboth Beach serves as an alternative to nearby and much more developed Ocean City , Maryland . Reader 's Digest named the Rehoboth Beach Boardwalk as `` Best of America '' .
A federal holiday , it is observed on November 11 .
From its peak in the 1980s , the Leadbeater 's Possum population is expected to further decline rapidly , by as much as 90 % .
Following the death of Kasia , the last captive Leadbeater 's Possum , at Toronto Zoo in January 2010 -LRB- the last Australian specimen held at Healesville Sanctuary having died in May 2006 -RRB- , there are now no Leadbeater 's Possums in captivity anywhere in the world and so no breeding program to assist this animal 's survival .
They live in small family colonies of up to 24 individuals , usually a breeding pair , their offspring , and sometimes an unrelated extra male or two .
The possum was not discovered until 1867 and was originally known only through five specimens , the last one collected in 1909 .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer -LRB- Australian National University -RRB- has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like Leadbeater 's possum .
Large areas of bushland around Marysville , Narbethong and Healesville have been destroyed .
The mapped distribution of the Leadbeater 's possum exactly matches the area burnt in the Kilmore East Murrundindi Rubicon Media Map of the fires .
The formation of the Friends of Leadbeater 's Possum group is seen as a positive step towards raising the profile of this unique animal and an opportunity to continue to lobby the State Government to properly protect its declining habitat .
From that time on , the fear that it might be extinct gradually grew into near-certainty after the swamps and wetlands in Australia around Bass River in south-west Gippsland were drained for farming in the early 1900s .
Author , Peter Preuss , stated that the possum 's population faltered in 1997 with current habitat -LRB- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -RRB- under threat from logging .
In consequence , mortality among young female Leadbeater 's Possums is highâ '' average female lifespan is little more than 27 months , as opposed to about 10 years in captivity .
Young , newly independent Leadbeater 's Possums are very vulnerable to owls .
Most litters are of one or two young , which stay in the pouch for 80 or 90 days , and first emerge from the nest about three weeks after that .
It was named after John Leadbeater the then taxidermist at the Museum of Victoria .
With its known habitat destroyed in the disastrous bushfires of February 2009 - large areas of forest around Marysville , Narbethong and Healesville - the species status is currently in doubt .
The logging in 1993 of `` much of the possum 's habitat , as zone one '' a five hectare reserve east of Powelltown , followed a `` mapping error . ''
All members sleep together in a nest made out of shredded bark in a tree hollow , anywhere from 6 to 30 metres above ground level and roughly in the center of a territory of 10,000 to 20,000 square metres , which they defend actively .
However , the status of Leadbeater 's Possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on Black Saturday in February 2009 .
Leadbeater 's Possums can be moderately common within the very small areas they inhabit : their requirement for year-round food supplies and tree-holes to take refuge in during the day restricts them to mixed-age wet sclerophyll forest with a dense mid-story of Acacia .
It is the only species in the Gymnobelideus genus .
Studies have shown that clear-felling operations , such as the logging run in state forest between the Yarra Ranges National Park and Mount Bullfight Conservation Reserve in February 2006 , lead to the deaths of most possums in the area - `` Adult animals have a strong affinity with their home range and are reluctant to move '' .
Births are usually timed for the beginning of winter -LRB- May and June -RRB- or late spring -LRB- October and November -RRB- .
Their diet is omnivorous : they take a range of saps and exudates , lerps , and a high proportion of arthropods which they find under the loose bark of eucalypts : spiders , crickets , beetles , and the like .
Leadbeater 's Possum -LRB- Gymnobelideus leadbeateri -RRB- is an endangered possum restricted to small pockets of remaining old growth mountain ash forests in the central highlands of Victoria -LRB- Australia -RRB- north-east of Melbourne .
Failing human intervention , and assuming that a reduced population could have survived that long , natural tree hollows were expected to develop in the Black Friday regrowth as the trees reached about 150 years of age in the second half of the 21st century , and numbers to begin climbing again .
In 1968 , the State of Victoria made Leadbeater 's Possum its faunal emblem .
Formia is a city and comune in the province of Latina , on the Mediterranean coast of Lazio -LRB- Italy -RRB- .
Note that if the character appears in the text , the parameter must be explicitly specified as .
The parameter may contain templates , images , etc. , if a block needs to be wrapped in this template and contains such elements .
It takes one parameter : The text to shrink .
This template makes the font smaller .
Saint-Selve is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
For this reason , the lines were electrified at 630 V DC fourth rail , the electricity being generated at the LNWR 's power station in Stonebridge Park .
The first electric passenger trains ran in 1914 , on the West London Line route -LRB- Willesden to Earls Court -RRB- , but full services over the whole network did not commence until 1922 , work having been delayed by the First World War .
During 1909-1922 the London and North Western Railway embarked on a project to electrify their London inner-suburban network , encompassing the lines from London Euston to Watford and the North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond , including branch lines such as Watford to Croxley Green -LRB- where a depot was built to house the electric units -RRB- , and links to what was to become the London Underground network .
The London , Midland and Scottish Railway extended the network in 1927 , by electrifying the branch to Rickmansworth .
Ashland is a town located just north of Richmond in Hanover County , Virginia . , United States .
Io is the innermost of the four Galilean moons of the planet Jupiter and , with a diameter of 3642 k , the fourth-largest moon in the Solar System .
At an elevation of 877 m , it is the highest point in both the Kingdom of the Netherlands , and , since the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles on 10 October 2010 , the highest point in the Netherlands proper .
Mount Scenery is a potentially active volcano in the Caribbean Netherlands . Its lava dome forms the summit of the Saba island stratovolcano .
Naoki Chiba is a Japanese former footballer who played for Vegalta Sendai .
VillamanÃ n is a municipality located in the province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain .
According to the 2004 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , the municipality has a population of 1,161 inhabitants .
Attock -LRB- Urdu : ' -RRB- -LRB- formerly Campbellpur -RRB- is a city located in the northern border of the Punjab province of Pakistan and the headquarters of Attock District .
Although Pakistan had become independent from Britain in 1947 , it was n't until 1978 that the name Attock was adopted for the city . Presently Attock District is sub divided into six Tehsil divisions .
Once the wave begins to carry the surfer forward , the surfer stands up and proceeds to ride the wave . The basic idea is to position the surfboard so it is just ahead of the breaking part -LRB- white water -RRB- of the wave .
La BoissiÃ re-de-Montaigu is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
La BernardiÃ re is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Nader said that John Kerry wanted to work to win Nader 's support and the support of Nader 's voters .
His parents , Nathra and Rose Nader , were Maronite Catholic immigrants from Lebanon .
Nader was born in Winsted , Connecticut .
Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Activision currently after first being developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America .
The first four Crash Bandicoot games were developed by Naughty Dog .
While initially Naughty Dog was only signed on to make three games , the game was a possible Crash 3 as it started out in production after Crash 2 and the game which was finished first in production would be released first .
Crash Bandicoot : The Huge Adventure -LRB- Crash Bandicoot XS in Europe -RRB- , Crash Bandicoot 2 : N-Tranced , Crash Nitro Kart and Crash Bandicoot Purple : Ripto 's Rampage -LRB- Crash Bandicoot Fusion in Europe -RRB- have all been developed by Vicarious Visions . Crash Tag Team Racing , Crash of the Titans and Crash : Mind Over Mutant were developed by Radical Entertainment and Crash Boom Bang !
Crash Bandicoot : The Wrath of Cortex and Crash Twinsanity were developed by Traveller 's Tales and its division Traveller 's Tales Oxford , respectively . Crash Bandicoot : The Huge Adventure -LRB- Crash Bandicoot XS in Europe -RRB- , Crash Bandicoot 2 : N-Tranced , Crash Nitro Kart and Crash Bandicoot Purple : Ripto 's Rampage -LRB- Crash Bandicoot Fusion in Europe -RRB- have all been developed by Vicarious Visions .
Crash Bandicoot : The Huge Adventure -LRB- Crash Bandicoot XS in Europe -RRB- , Crash Bandicoot 2 : N-Tranced , Crash Nitro Kart and Crash Bandicoot Purple : Ripto 's Rampage -LRB- Crash Bandicoot Fusion in Europe -RRB- have all been developed by Vicarious Visions .
Casualty actuaries , also known as non-life or general insurance actuaries , deal with catastrophic , unnatural risks that can occur to people or property .
Products prominent in their work include auto insurance , homeowners insurance , commercial property insurance , workersâ compensation , title insurance , malpractice insurance , products liability insurance , directors and officers liability insurance , environmental and marine insurance , terrorism insurance and other types of liability insurance .
Nulato is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States .
At the 2000 census the population was 336 .
The River Tees is located to the north and the River Leven to the east .
Yarm is a small town and civil parish in the borough of Stockton-on-Tees in North East England .
Her sister , Dannii Minogue , is also a pop singer and is a judge on The X Factor , and her brother , Brendan , works as a news cameraman in Australia .
Minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer on 17 May 2005 , leading to the postponement of the remainder of her Showgirl â `` The Greatest Hits Tour and her withdrawal from the Glastonbury Festival .
Her hospitalisation and treatment in Melbourne resulted in a brief but intense period of media coverage , particularly in Australia , where Prime Minister John Howard issued a statement supporting Minogue . As media and fans began to congregate outside the Minogue residence in Melbourne , the Victorian Premier Steve Bracks warned the international media that any disruption of the Minogue family 's rights under Australian privacy laws would not be tolerated .
Minogue underwent surgery on 21 May 2005 at Cabrini Hospital in Malvern , and commenced chemotherapy treatment soon after .
It may be done in several ways , not all of which will be used by a particular brewery :
Sometimes the packaging process involves using pre-printed labels , making it impractical to write the best before date in a clearly visible location .
For example , pasteurized milk can remain fresh for five days after its sell-by date if it is refrigerated properly .
Shelf life is most influenced by several factors : exposure to light and heat , transmission of gases -LRB- including humidity -RRB- , mechanical stresses , and contamination by things such as micro-organisms .
They are usually enzymatically catalyzed which changes reaction rates , but with constant catalytic action , the rule of thumb is still mostly applicable .
Most stores will rotate stock by moving the products with the earliest dates to the front of shelving units , which allows them to be sold first and saving them from having to be either marked down or thrown away , both of which contribute to a loss of profit .
A freshness date is the date used in the American brewing industry to indicate either the date the beer was bottled or the date before which the beer should be consumed .
An Open Date does not supersede a Use by date , which should still be followed .
On the other hand , ` elevated ' temperatures short of these result in increased growth and reproduction ; if the organism is harmful , perhaps to dangerous levels .
Bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .
This is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms ; ` tissue ' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they can not be compensated for and the cell dies .
Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to assist in the extension of the shelf life of their products .
The usually quoted rule of thumb is that chemical reactions double their rate for each temperature increase of 10 degrees Celsius -LRB- Â C -RRB- because of activation energy barriers become more easily surmounted at higher temperatures .
In contrast , if milk already has harmful bacteria , the use-by dates become irrelevant .
For example , the amber bottle used for many beers blocks damaging wavelengths of light .
Except for infant formula and some baby foods , product dating is not required by federal regulations .
The practice rapidly grew in popularity after the Anheuser-Busch company 's heavily marketed `` Born-On dates '' starting in 1996 .
A rare exception is a case of Renal tubular acidosis purportedly caused by expired tetracycline .
Tampering with the posted date is illegal in many countries .
It is often applied in shelf life estimation , sometimes wrongly .
Nearly all chemical reactions will occur -LRB- at various rates depending on the individual nature of the reaction -RRB- at common temperatures .
Food that has passed its sell by or display until date , but is still within its use by \/ best before will still be edible , assuming it has been stored correctly .
It is also important to follow storage instructions carefully for these foods -LRB- for example , product must be refrigerated -RRB- .
It can be affected by light , air , or the action of bacteria .
For some companies , the date on the bottle or can will be the date that the beer was bottled ; others have the date by which the beer should be consumed .
Before a beer is bottled , it is processed to prolong its shelf life ; this evidently affects the beer 's freshness date .
The expiration date of pharmaceuticals specifies the date the manufacturer guarantees the full potency and safety of a drug . Most medications are potent and safe after the expiration date .
Shelf life is different from expiration date ; the former relates to food quality , the latter to food safety .
This particular one is most applicable to reactions with activation energy values around 50 kJ\/mole ; many of these are important at the usual temperatures we encounter .
For ten years there was a slow growth in brewers adding freshness dates to their beer .
In the particular case of bacteria and fungi , the reactions needed to feed and reproduce increase at higher temperatures , up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to break down , or denature , so quickly that they can not be replaced .
It is common practice in large stores to throw away such food , as it makes the stock control process easier .
Packaging with barrier materials -LRB- e.g. low moisture vapor transmission rate , etc. -RRB- extends the shelf life of some foods and pharmaceuticals .
Old explosives are thus more dangerous -LRB- i.e. , liable to be triggered to explode by very small disturbances , even trivial jiggling -RRB- than more recently manufactured explosives .
However , many manufacturers also add sell-by or use-by dates .
Therefore , to make explosives stable for longer periods , or to keep rubber bands springy , or to force bacteria to slow down their growth , they can be cooled .
And if formula is stored too long , it loses its nutritional quality , and also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple .
It also reduces the risk of customers buying food without looking at the date , only to find out the next day that they can not use it .
The Boston Beer Company , maker of Samuel Adams , was among the first contemporary brewers to start adding freshness dates to their product line in 1985 .
The Food & Drug Administration , which regulates packaged foods and drugs , only requires a use-by , or expiration , date on infant formula and some baby foods .
Bathroom products\/toiletries usually state a time in months by which , once the product is opened , they should be used .
Although beer is not legally mandated in the USA to have a shelf life , freshness dates serve much the same purpose and is used as a marketing tool .
There is a widespread impression , for instance in industry , that `` triple time '' can be simulated in practice by increasing the temperature by 15 Â C , e.g. , storing a product for one month at 35 Â C simulates three months at 20 Â C. There is enough variation that this practical rule can not be routinely relied upon .
It is also beneficial to the customer and ensures that the product is at its best quality when bought .
Some degradation factors can be controlled by use of appropriate packaging .
This is the reason shelf life is generally extended by temperature control : -LRB- refrigeration , insulated shipping containers , controlled cold chain , etc. -RRB- and the reason some medicines and foods must be refrigerated .
This is often indicated by a graphic of an open tub , with the number of months written inside -LRB- e.g. , `` 12M '' means use the product within 12 months of opening -RRB- .
The same is true , to a point , of the chemical reactions of life .
Nitroglycerine is notorious .
Open Dating is the use of a date or code stamped on the package of a food product to help determine how long to display the product for sale .
The Agriculture Dept. , which regulates fresh produce and meats , only requires labeling of the date when poultry is packed at the farm .
Rubber products also degrade as sulphur bonds induced during vulcanization revert ; this is why old rubber bands and other rubber products soften and get sticky as they age .
Many other brewers have started adding freshness dates to their products , but there is no standard for what the date means .
Foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .
Just as temperature increases speed up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
However , as with all rules of thumb , there are many caveats and assumptions .
A study conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
These breakdown processes characteristically happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
That 's because formula must contain a certain quantity of each nutrient that is described on the label .
In this case , a term like best before see bottom or best before see lid might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated .
These dates are intended to help keep track of the stock in stores .
Preservatives and antioxidants may be incorporated into some food and drug products to extend their shelf life .
Joel Davis , a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief , said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin , insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most expired drugs are probably effective .
This is important , as some stores can be fined for selling out of date products , and most if not all will have to mark such products down as wasted , leading to a loss of profit .
For some foods , the shelf life is an important factor to health .
Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds .
Transparent beer bottles do not .
A product that has passed its shelf life might still be safe , but quality is no longer guaranteed .
Generally , foods that have a use by date written on the packaging must not be eaten after the specified date .
The results showed that about 90 % of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their expiration date .
In most food stores , shelf life is maximized by using stock rotation , which involves moving products with the earliest sell by date to the front of the shelf , meaning that most shoppers will pick them up first and so getting them out of the store .
Durbe was first noted in 1260 , when the Battle of Durbe occurred near Lake Durbe . City rights were granted to Durbe in 1893 and confirmed in 1917 .
One full video was leaked to the Internet , showing the murder of 48-year-old Sergei Yatzenko .
He is seen laying on his back in a wooded area , and is struck repeatedly in the face with a hammer held inside a plastic bag .
The attack lasts over four minutes , during which the victim lapses in and out of consciousness .
One of the attackers pokes out Yatzenko 's eyes , and stabs him in the abdomen with a screwdriver .
Alexander Hanzha , who was not involved in the killings , was found guilty of robbery and sentenced to nine years in prison .
They claimed that Suprunyuck repeatedly threatened Sayenko , and that Sayenko feared for his life . Sayenko testified in court , saying that he had been in constant fear of Suprunyuck since 7th grade .
Yatzenko is then struck with the hammer in order to ensure that he is dead .
One of the murderers can be seen smiling towards the camera during the video .
On February 11 , 2009 , the court in Dnepropetrovsk found Igor Suprunyuck and Viktor Sayenko guilty of premeditated murder and sentenced both to life imprisonment . Suprunyuck was found guilty of 21 murders , while Sayenko was found guilty of 18 murders . ''
Viktor Sayenko 's defense claimed that he had a `` psychological dependence '' on Igor Suprunyuck , whom they called the ringleader .
Emperor Seinei was the 22nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Seinei fathered no children ; however , two grandsons of the 17th emperor , Emperor RichÅ `` , were foundâ '' later to ascend as Prince Oke and Prince Woke .
According to Kojiki and Nihonshoki , he was a son of Emperor YÅ `` ryaku .
The gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste .
Koungou is the second largest commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte , in the Indian Ocean , after the capital Mamoudzou .
The Montreal Wanderers were a Canadian amateur , and later becoming a professional men 's ice hockey team .
Prior to the formation of the NHL , the `` Redbands '' were one of the most successful teams in hockey .
Hiroshi Soejima -LRB- born July 26 , 1959 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Barbara Jill Walters -LRB- born September 25 , 1929 -RRB- is an American broadcast journalist and author , who has hosted morning television shows -LRB- Today and The View -RRB- , the television newsmagazine -LRB- 20\/20 -RRB- , and co-anchor of the ABC Evening News and correspondent on ABC World News -LRB- then ABC Evening News -RRB- .
Barbara has another half sister , Walda Walters Anderson born to a different mother and Barbara 's father , Lou Walters .
He would also play with the Toronto Maple Leafs , Chicago Black Hawks , and New York Rangers .
He left the NHL after the 1960 season .
He played several more seasons in the AHL before retiring after the 1969 season .
David Theodore Creighton -LRB- born June 24 , 1930 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward .
After this , he coached the Providence Reds from 1969 to 1970 .
Creighton started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1948 .
AluÃ sio Francisco da Luz , simply known as Ã ndio -LRB- born March 1 , 1931 in Cabedelo , PB -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Mitchell began a collaboration with Mingus , who died before the project was completed in 1979 . She finished the tracks -LRB- most were her own Mingus-inspired compositions , though `` Goodbye Pork Pie Hat '' is a Mingus instrumental standard to which Joni composed lyrics -RRB- and the resulting album , Mingus , was released in June 1979 , though it was poorly received in the press .
Joni Mitchell , CC , -LRB- born Roberta Joan Anderson ; November 7 , 1943 -RRB- is a Canadian musician , songwriter , and painter .
In January 2006 , Kramnik announced that he would skip the Corus Chess Tournament in Wijk aan Zee to seek out treatment for his arthritis .
In 2007 , Kramnik lost the title to Viswanathan Anand , who won the World Chess Championship tournament ahead of Kramnik .
In late 2004 , Kramnik successfully defended his title against challenger PÃ ter LÃ kÃ in a drawn match played in Brissago , Switzerland .
It causes him great physical discomfort while playing .
Vladimir Borisovich Kramnik -LRB- ; born 25 June 1975 -RRB- is a Russian chess grandmaster .
He was the Classical World Chess Champion from 2000 to 2006 , and the undisputed World Chess Champion from 2006 to 2007 .
In October 2000 , he defeated Garry Kasparov in a match played in London , and became the Classical World Chess Champion .
In October 2006 , Kramnik , the Classical World Champion , defeated reigning FIDE World Champion Veselin Topalov in a unification match , the World Chess Championship 2006 .
On 30 December 2006 he married French journalist Marie-Laure Germon .
Kramnik has been diagnosed with an uncommon form of arthritis , called ankylosing spondylitis .
He scored a +4 result , earning the highest performance rating -LRB- 2847 -RRB- of the 1307 participating players .
He challenged Anand at the World Chess Championship 2008 to regain his title , but lost .
As a result Kramnik became the first undisputed World Champion , holding both the FIDE and Classical titles , since Kasparov split from FIDE in 1993 .
The tournament , and the world championship , was won by Viswanathan Anand .
He returned from treatment in June 2006 , playing in the 37th Chess Olympiad .
He has a daughter named Daria who was born 28 December 2008 .
Then they recorded three songs for a C\/Z Records compilation album of grunge music by Soundgarden and five other bands , which was called Deep Six and was released in March 1986 .
Scott Sundquist was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden during the mid-1980s .
In 1985 , Soundgarden was a recently formed three-piece band with Chris Cornell on vocals and drums , Kim Thayil on guitar , and Hiro Yamamoto on bass guitar .
Cameron stayed with Soundgarden until the entire band broke up in 1997 .
Also in 1986 , Sundquist , who by that point had a wife and a child , decided to back out of the band and pursue a normal family life .
This album contains the only recorded Soundgarden material with Sundquist .
They were briefly left without a drummer until they were able to lure Skin Yard drummer Matt Cameron away from his band .
The band enlisted Sundquist as their drummer so Cornell could focus on the vocals .
They traveled around playing various gigs with this lineup for about a year .
Jasper visits Rosa at the Nuns ' House and professes his love for her .
They do not dare let Rosa contact Neville and Helena directly for fear that Jasper may be watching Neville , but Mr. Tartar allows Rosa to visit his chambers in order to contact Helena above the courtyard .
On inquiry Datchery learns she is called `` Princess Puffer . ''
The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the final novel by Charles Dickens .
Neville Landless and his twin sister Helena are sent to Cloisterham for their education .
When he is with Mr. Grewgious and Rosa , Mr. Tartar calls and asks if he remembers him .
This time she follows him all the way to his home in Cloisterham ; outside she meets Mr. Datchery , who tells her Jasper 's name and that he will sing the next morning in the cathedral service .
Jasper provides a bottle of wine to Durdles .
The next day Rev. Mr Crisparkle follows Rosa to London .
Meanwhile , Durdles takes Jasper into the cathedral crypt .
In fear of Jasper , Rosa goes to Mr. Grewgious in London .
Isigny-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Christine Ellen `` Chrissie '' Hynde -LRB- born 7 September 1951 , Akron , Ohio -RRB- is an American rock musician , best known as the leader of the rock\/new wave band The Pretenders .
Xangsane made landfall in the Philippines , battering the northern islands with torrential rains and strong winds , and causing widespread flooding and landslides .
Later that day the JTWC upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC .
Philippine Airlines canceled over half of its flights to and from Ninoy Aquino International Airport for September 28 , and various transit services also suspended service .
When it became clear that Xangsane would approach the Capital , PAGASA upgraded the warning for Manila and central Luzon to Storm Signal Number 3 on September 28 .
The JTWC ceased advisories after landfall , while the JMA carried the storm inland until it was over Thailand as a tropical depression .
Storm Signal Number 2 , for winds of 60 - 100 km\/h -LRB- 37 - 62 mph -RRB- , was raised for northern Samar Island and central Luzon .
On September 27 , PAGASA issued Storm Signal Number 3 , a warning for winds of 100 - 185 km\/h -LRB- 62 - 115 mph -RRB- , for areas of southern Luzon .
Early the next day Xangsane was upgraded to a category 2 typhoon and then over the next six hours Xangsane rapidly intensified into a category 4 typhoon with wind speeds of 115 kts -LRB- 130 mph , 215 km\/h -RRB- .
Schools in the warned area were suspended , and airports and seaports were closed .
Typhoon Xangsane -LRB- international designation : 0615 , JTWC designation : 18W , PAGASA name : Typhoon Milenyo -RRB- was a deadly typhoon that affected the Philippines , Vietnam , and Thailand during the 2006 Pacific typhoon season .
After passing over Manila and emerging over the South China Sea , the typhoon made a second landfall in central Vietnam , also causing flooding and landslides there and in Thailand .
The JTWC assessed the development of a significant Tropical cyclone , as fair .
Late on September 24 , 2006 , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center , noted that an area of convection , had persisted about 460 NM to the southeast of Manila , in the Philippines .
Early that afternoon the JTWC reported that Xangsane , had reached its peak wind speeds of 125 kts -LRB- 145 mph , 230 km\/h -RRB- .
It was the fifteenth tropical storm and ninth typhoon recognized by the Japan Meteorological Agency operationally during the season , although in post-operational analysis it became the tenth typhoon of the season with the addition of Typhoon Maria .
Meanwhile the JMA reported that Xangsane had reached its peak wind speeds of 85 kts -LRB- 100 mph , 155 km\/h -RRB- .
Xangsane then passed through the Philippine islands , wreaking havoc and becoming the strongest typhoon to directly impact Metro Manila in eleven years .
Later on September 26 , the JMA upgraded Xangsane to a severe tropical storm , whilst six hours later both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded Xangsane to typhoon with the JTWC reporting wind speeds equivalent to a category one typhoon .
Later that morning the JTWC reassessed the potential of the disturbance forming into a significant tropical Cyclone within 24 hours as good , and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing disturbance .
According to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center , Xangsane was the sixteenth tropical storm and tenth typhoon of the season , and was a Category 4-equivalent typhoon in terms of 1-minute average wind speeds .
Storm Signal Number 1 -LRB- 30 - 60 km\/h , 20 - 37 mph -RRB- was issued for northwestern Luzon , including Metro Manila , and northern Visayas , including the rest of Samar Island .
This was because convection was beginning to flare up near a developing Low Level Circulation Center , the JTWC also noted that the disturbance had a broad circulation .
Early the next day both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- designated the Tropical disturbance as a Tropical Depression with PAGASA assigning the local name of Tropical Depression Milenyo , to the depression .
As it entered the South China Sea as a weak typhoon , it began to re-intensify , reaching its secondary peak strength shortly before landfall at Danang , Vietnam on October 1 .
Early that afternoon the JTWC started to issue advisories on the disturbance and designated it as Tropical Depression 18W .
Saignon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Crocy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ebola is the virus Ebolavirus -LRB- EBOV -RRB- , a viral genus , and the disease Ebola hemorrhagic fever -LRB- EHF -RRB- , a viral hemorrhagic fever -LRB- VHF -RRB- .
Hardin is a city in Marshall County , Kentucky , United States .
The district was established in 1993 by merging the former districts of Bernau and Eberswalde .
Barnim is a district in Brandenburg , Germany .
Myleene Angela Klass -LRB- born 6 April 1978 -RRB- is an English singer , model , occasional actress , pianist , fashion designer , presenter and media personality . She was formerly a member of the now defunct British pop band Hear ` Say .
Flanimals is a children 's book series written by comedian Ricky Gervais .
The book , illustrated by Rob Steen , features 35 different characters described as species of animal which form an imaginary world .
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .
Camphor , an insect repellent , can also be used in mothballs .
Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season gave rise to the colloquial usage of the terms `` mothballed '' and `` put into mothballs '' to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
Older mothballs consisted primarily of naphthalene , but due to naphthalene 's flammability , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Stade Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso .
The stadium holds 15,000 people .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of Santos Football Club .
La Chapelle-Palluau is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
La Chapelle-Th Ã mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Patrick Vieira -LRB- born 23 June 1976 in Dakar -RRB- is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Manchester City .
He left the service of the HBC in 1762 largely because his efforts for the company , at least in his estimation , had not been properly recognized .
Records show that some of the trade also went to the French at Fort Saint-Louis -LRB- Fort de la Corne -RRB- and Fort Paskoya which were on the route to Hudson Bay .
Since the answer had been unsure , there was no more expeditions to Alberta .
On June 26 , 1754 , he set out with a group of Plains Indians .
Henday volunteered to undertake an expedition into this territory .
Henday had gained some experience in inland travel after arriving at York Factory .
After receiving an indefinite answer from the Blackfoot -LRB- which Henday took as a â noâ -RRB- , Henday traveled back to York Factory with news that he had explored the area and had met with the Blackfoot .
1750 -- 1762 -RRB- was one of the first white men to explore the interior of the Canadian northwest .
His explorations were authorized and funded by the Hudson 's Bay Company because of their concern with La VÃ rendrye and the other western commanders who were funnelling fur trade from the northwest to their forts .
Anthony Henday Drive , a large ring road in Edmonton is named in his honor .
He was a native of the Isle of Wight who was a convicted smuggler and joined the HBC in 1750 as a net-maker and labourer .
This trip , and later ones , took Henday across much of the prairies of what is now Saskatchewan and Alberta and although his journal can not always be put in a modern context , it is evident that he brought much trade to York Factory .
It is documented that they passed the French Fort Paskoya where he may have met La Corne , the western commander at that time .
Anthony Henday -LRB- fl .
In October of 1754 he and his group came to what is now Alberta from York Factory with a mission to meet the Blackfoot and perhaps trade with them .
Benton is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
Similar nerve tissue-derived vaccines are still used in some countries , as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines .
All human cases of rabies were fatal until a vaccine was developed in 1885 by Louis Pasteur and Ã mile Roux .
His court was in Ioannina .
His name in the local languages was : Albanian : Ali PashÃ `` Tepelena , Aromanian : Ali PÃ # shelu , Greek : Î ` Î '' Î Î Î Ï Î Ï Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Î '' Î Ï Ali Pasas Tepelenlis or Î ` Î '' Î Î Î Ï Î Ï Ï Ï Î 1\/2 Î Ï Î Î 1\/2 Î 1\/2 Î Î 1\/2 Ï Î 1\/2 Ali Pasas ton Ioanninon -LRB- Ali Pasha of Ioannina -RRB- and Turkish : Tepedelenli Ali PaÅ a.
Ali Pasha of Tepelena or of Yannina , surnamed Aslan , `` the Lion '' , or the `` Lion of Yannina '' , Ali Pasha Tepelena -LRB- 1740 -- January 24 , 1822 -RRB- was an Ottoman Albanian ruler -LRB- pasha -RRB- of the western part of Rumelia , the Ottoman Empire 's European territory which was also called Pashalik of Yanina .
Christian Gentner -LRB- born 14 August 1985 in NÃ 1\/4 rtingen -RRB- is a German footballer who plays for VfB Stuttgart .
Gentner was , on 19 May 2009 , called up to the senior Germany squad for their tour of Asia , Gentner made his debut against China on 29 May 2009 .
It is one of the highest altitude parks in the world .
Khunjerab National Park is a National park in Gilgit Baltistan of Pakistan .
The steam dissolves the wallpaper paste , allowing the wallpaper to be peeled off .
Wallpaper is a kind of material used to cover and decorate the interior walls of homes , offices , and other buildings ; it is one aspect of interior decoration .
It is usually sold in rolls and is put onto a wall using wallpaper paste .
Wallpapers can come plain -LRB- so that it can be painted -RRB- , textured -LRB- such as Anaglypta -RRB- , or with patterned graphics .
Another method of removal is to apply steam to wallpaper in order to dissolve the wallpaper paste . A wallpaper steamer consists of a reservoir of water , an electric heating element , and a hose to direct the steam at the wallpaper .
Paul Keres -LRB- January 7 , 1916 - June 5 , 1975 -RRB- , was an Estonian chess grandmaster , and a renowned chess writer .
There is also a street in NÃ mme , a district of Tallinn , which was named after Keres .
Keres narrowly missed a chance at a World Chess Championship match on five occasions .
Clodoaldo Tavares de Santana , better known as Clodoaldo -LRB- born September 26 , 1949 in Aracaju -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer .
Portable application creators allow the creation of portable applications -LRB- also called : portable apps -RRB- .
This is the category of articles relating to the anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh !
The libretto was written by Lorenzo Da Ponte .
They then depart and return moments later , half in Albanian disguise , half as officers .
Fiordiligi , upset by this development , decides to go to the army and find her betrothed .
Soon thereafter , a doctor arrives on the scene -LRB- Despina in disguise -RRB- , who , through use of a large magnet -LRB- see animal magnetism -RRB- , is able to revive the `` Albanians '' .
Despina , in disguise as a notary , presents the marriage contract , which all sign .
Before she can leave , though , Ferrando arrives and continues his attempted seduction .
The conversation is haltingly uncomfortable , and Ferrando departs with Fiordiligi .
Despina has been revealed to be the notary , and the sisters realize they have been duped .
Directly thereafter , military music is heard in the distance , indicating the return of the officers .
The `` Albanians '' hurry off to hide -LRB- actually , to change out of their disguises -RRB- .
The sisters refuse , even as Alfonso and the doctor -LRB- Despina -RRB- urge them to acquiesce .
Place : Naples . Time : the 18th century .
Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .
After all : CosÃ fan tutte -- `` All women are like that . ''
Guglielmo is distraught while Ferrando turns Guglielmo 's earlier gloating back on him .
Dorabella and the disguised Guglielmo pair off , as do the other two .
She does not resist strongly , and soon she has given him a medallion -LRB- with Ferrando 's portrait inside -RRB- in exchange for a heart-shaped locket -LRB- duet : Il core vi dono -- `` I give you my heart '' -RRB- .
Now alone , Guglielmo attempts to woo Dorabella .
CosÃ fan tutte , ossia La scuola degli amanti -LRB- Thus Do They All , or The School For Lovers -RRB- K. 588 , is an opera buffa by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
The first performance of Mozart 's setting took place at the Burgtheater in Vienna on January 26 , 1790 .
Alfonso , winner of the wager , tells the men to forgive their fiancÃ es .
CosÃ fan tutte is one of the three Mozart operas for which Da Ponte wrote the libretto .
Ferrando is less successful with Fiordiligi -LRB- Ferrando 's aria : Ah , lo veggio -- `` Ah , I see it , '' and Fiordiligi 's aria : Per pietÃ , ben mio , perdona -- `` Please , my beloved , forgive '' -RRB- , so he is enraged when he later finds out from Guglielmo that the medallion with his portrait has been so quickly given away to a new lover .
Alfonso confirms the sisters ' fears : Ferrando and Guglielmo are on their way to the house .
Krefeld , also known as Crefeld until 1929 , is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany . It is located northwest of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , its center just a few kilometres to the west of the River Rhine ; the borough of Uerdingen is situated directly on the Rhine .
The Diablo Gift Pack -LRB- 2000 -RRB- contained Diablo and Diablo II , but no expansions .
The Diablo : Battle Chest -LRB- 2001 -RRB- contained Diablo , Diablo II and Diablo IIs expansion , Diablo II : Lord of Destruction .
Year 1916 -LRB- MCMXVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Friday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .
Charles IX -LRB- 27 June 1550 -- 30 May 1574 -RRB- was King of France , ruling from 1560 until his death .
Her mainstream pop career began in 1982 when she formed the electropop duo Yazoo with former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke .
After leaving school at 16 , she worked as a shop assistant and trained as a piano tuner .
In 1983 Moyet and Clarke decided to disband Yazoo .
Moyet was born in Billericay , Essex , England , to a French father and English mother .
She was involved in a number of punk rock , pub rock and blues bands in the South East Essex area during the late 1970s and early 1980s , including the Vandals , the Screamin ' Ab Dabs , the Vicars and the Little Roosters -LRB- the latter featuring Gary Lammin formerly of Cock Sparrer -RRB- .
She grew up in Basildon , where she attended Nicholas School .
Alison Moyet -LRB- born GeneviÃ ve Alison Jane Moyet , 18 June 1961 -RRB- , is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice .
Yazoo had several hits , including `` Only You '' , `` Do n't Go '' , `` Situation '' and `` Nobody 's Diary '' , and recorded two albums , Upstairs at Eric 's and You and Me Both .
During mid-2008 , Moyet reunited with Clarke as Yazoo for a series of live dates .
Vincly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Beacon is a city in Mahaska County , Iowa , United States .
Year 1445 -LRB- MCDXLV -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Schlenkerla is a historical brewpub in Bamberg , Bavaria , Germany .
It is most renowned for its Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier -LRB- `` authentic Schlenkerla smoked beer '' -RRB- .
Arsac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
One day , a mysterious alien named Tatanga appears and hypnotizes the inhabitants of Sarasaland , including Daisy . He kidnaps Princess Daisy in order to marry her .
Super Mario Land is a platforming video game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld game console .
Mario then sets out to rescue her from Tatanga , traveling through the four geographical areas of Sarasaland and defeating Tatanga 's minions along the way , as well as finding monsters that pretend to be Daisy in order to fool Mario . Mario finally corners Tatanga in the skies of the Chai kingdom , bringing down his alien warship and rescuing Daisy .
Ternat is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Tlaloc would require weeping boys in the first months of the Aztec calendar to be ritually murdered .
Human sacrifices would prevent the end of the world that could happen on each cycle of 52 years .
A number of mummies of sacrificed children have been recovered in the Inca regions of South America , an ancient practice known as capacocha .
In the 1487 re-consecration of the Great Pyramid of Tenochtitlan some estimate that 80,400 prisoners were sacrificed though numbers are difficult to quantify as all obtainable Aztec texts were destroyed by Christian missionaries during the period 1528 â `` 1548 .
The Aztecs were particularly noted for practicing human sacrifice on a large scale ; an offering to Huitzilopochtli would be made to restore the blood he lost , as the sun was engaged in a daily battle .
La Pommeraie-sur-S Ã vre is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The only serum that could stop the outbreak was in Anchorage , nearly a thousand miles -LRB- 1,600 km -RRB- away .
The engine of the only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was frozen and would not start . After considering all of the alternatives , officials decided to move the medicine by sled dog .
More than 20 mushers took part , facing a blizzard with 23 Â F temperatures and strong winds .
The serum was transported by train from Anchorage to Nenana , where the first musher embarked as part of a relay aimed at delivering the needed serum to Nome .
In January 1925 , doctors realized that a potentially deadly diphtheria epidemic was poised to sweep through Nome 's young people .
Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Alexander Freiherr von Humboldt -LRB- September 14 , 1769 -- May 6 , 1859 -RRB- was a German naturalist and explorer , and the younger brother of the Prussian minister , philosopher and linguist Wilhelm von Humboldt -LRB- 1767 â `` 1835 -RRB- .
In 1766 he married Maria Elizabeth Colomb , the widow of Baron von Hollwede , and they had two sons .
The Humboldt Tropical Medicine Institute at Cayetano Heredia University , Lima , Peru , was named after Alexander von Humboldt , as well as Humboldt State University in Arcata , California , Alexander Von Humboldt school in Mexico City , Several German schools -LRB- including Humboldt University of Berlin -RRB- are named after Alexander 's brother Wilhelm .
Humboldt was born in Berlin in the Margraviate of Brandenburg .
His father , Alexander George von Humboldt , belonged to a prominent Pomeranian family ; he was a major in the Prussian Army and was rewarded for his services during the Seven Years ' War with the post of Royal Chamberlain ; he married the daughter of the Prussian general adjutant , von Schweder .
Humboldt 's quantitative work on botanical geography laid the foundation for the field of biogeography .
A platform can be described simply as an operating system or computer architecture , or it could be the combination of both .
Westport is home to the Westport Country Playhouse , the Westport Public Library , and Staples High School .
Tsuyoshi Yoshitake -LRB- born September 8 , 1981 in Mie Prefecture -RRB- is a Japanese soccer player currently playing for FC Tampa Bay in the United States second division North American Soccer League .
Gilmar LuÃ s Rinaldi -LRB- born January 13 , 1959 in Erexim , RS -RRB- , is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper , and current football agent of such players as Adriano .
The letter informed William that if he were to land in England with a small army , the signatories and their allies would rise up and support him .
It was carried to William in The Hague by Rear Admiral Arthur Herbert -LRB- the later Lord Torrington -RRB- disguised as a common sailor , and identified by a secret code .
The invitation convinced William to carry out his existing plans to land with a large Dutch army , culminating in the Glorious Revolution during which James was deposed and replaced by William and Mary as joint rulers .
The Invitation to William was a letter sent by seven notable Englishmen , later named the Immortal Seven , to William III , Prince of Orange , received by him on 30 June 1688 -LRB- Julian calendar , 10 July Gregorian calendar -RRB- .
In England a Catholic male heir to the throne , James Francis Edward Stuart , had been born , and the letter asked William to force the ruling king , his father-in-law James II of England , by military intervention to make William 's Protestant wife Mary , James 's eldest daughter , heir , preferably by establishing that the newborn Prince of Wales was a fraud .
The Anti-Comintern Pact was a pact concluded between Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan -LRB- later to be joined by other countries -RRB- on November 25 , 1936 and was directed against the Communist International -LRB- Comintern -RRB- , an organ of the Soviet Union .
The county 's main towns are Castlebar and Ballina , respectively located in the center and in the northeast of the county .
Brandon McKinney -LRB- born August 24 , 1983 in Dayton , Ohio -RRB- is an American football nose tackle for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
He played college football at Michigan State .
SoucÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The National Register of Historic Places -LRB- NRHP -RRB- is the United States government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures , and objects deemed worthy of preservation .
Each year approximately 30,000 properties are added to the National Register as part of districts or by individual listings .
There are several other different types of historic preservation associated with the properties of the National Register of Historic Places that can not be classified as either simple buildings and historic districts .
In addition , historic districts consist of contributing and non-contributing properties .
Of the more than one million properties on the National Register , 80,000 are listed individually .
The passage of the National Historic Preservation Act -LRB- NHPA -RRB- in 1966 established the National Register and the process for adding properties to it .
All of the radioactive bromine isotopes are relatively short lived .
Bromine has two stable isotopes , 79Br -LRB- 50.69 % -RRB- and 81Br -LRB- 49.31 % -RRB- .
Being less reactive than chlorine but more reactive than iodine , bromine reacts vigorously with metals , especially in the presence of water , to give bromide salts .
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Lozinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Baulne-en-Brie is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Redevelopment is any new construction on a site that has pre-existing uses on it such as the redevelopment of an industrial site into a mixed-use development or the redevelopment of a block of townhouses into a large apartment building .
The sculpture was made from the same weathering steel -LRB- also known as Cor-Ten -RRB- as the Angel of the North sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .
Despite Gormley 's plea , removal of B of the Bang began in April 2009 .
In May 2006 a total of nine spikes were removed from the sculpture and taken away for metallurgical analysis , to discover the stresses being placed on the steel .
It was dismantled in 2009 because of structural problems .
B of the Bang originally stood 56 m tall with 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes radiating from a central core .
One possibility involved the replacement of the steel spikes with alternatives made from carbon fiber , although the report underlined the necessity for extensive testing .
This was the largest load that could be transferred via road from the factory , and required a police escort .
As a result some of the joints were re-welded , with equipment put in place to prevent excessive movement .
After inspection , the event went ahead as planned .
Six days before the launch , the sculpture suffered the first of three visible structural problems as the tip of one of the spikes detached and fell to the ground .
The report recognized the sculpture 's aesthetic value for Manchester and Manchester City Council committed itself to working with the artist to reach a long-term solution .
The sculpture was commissioned in 2003 ; construction overran and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 January 2005 .
The artwork had been nicknamed KerPlunk by the locals after the popular children 's game from the 1970s .
It was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
It took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie in which he said that he started his races not merely at the ` bang ' of the starting pistol , but at ` The B of the Bang ' .
The location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown .
Legal action started a year later , resulting in an out-of-court settlement totalling Â # 1.7 million .
In total the sculpture cost Â # 1.42 million to design and construct â '' twice the original estimate , as the initial costing had neglected to include installation costs .
The design was selected by a panel consisting of both local residents and art experts via a competition in 2002 and was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
Prior to the construction of Aspire at the University of Nottingham , B of the Bang was Britain 's tallest sculpture at well over twice the height of the Angel of the North , which stands at 66 f. It was designed to look like an exploding firework and was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
It was approved at the start of 2003 , with the central core arriving in Manchester on the 13 June 2004 .
Funding was sourced from a European Regional Development Fund contribution of Â # 700,000 , the North West Development Agency , contributing Â # 500,000 , and Manchester City Council providing Â # 120,000 .
It was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , tapered steel legs which connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang .
In February 2009 , Manchester City Council announced that the sculpture would be dismantled and placed in storage , as the `` only practical alternative '' .
The tip of one of the 2.1 m spikes detached and fell from the sculpture on the 6 January 2005 , only six days before the official unveiling .
Four months later , in May 2005 , a second spike had to be cut off by firefighters after it was discovered hanging loose .
This layer inhibits further corrosion by reducing its permeability to water .
This consisted of retrofitting tip weights to 170 of the spikes .
The foundations are 20 m deep .
The official unveiling by Linford Christie took place on 12 January 2005 .
The sculpture weighed 165 tonnes , with the concrete in the foundations weighing over 1,000 tonnes , including a 400 m reinforced concrete slab .
As part of the design , the spikes swayed slightly in the wind in order to withstand gusts in excess of 100 m. At the time of construction a time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of the sculpture , containing children 's poems and paintings , due to be opened circa 2300 .
The agreement was to pay the council Â # 1.7 m in damages for breach of contract and negligence .
Despite the promise of storage and potential reassembly , the core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal .
In January 2009 , Antony Gormley , creator of the Angel of the Northâ '' to which B of the Bang is often comparedâ '' spoke out in support of the sculpture , stating that , `` It is a great tribute to Manchester that this ground-breaking work was commissioned .
This central core was lifted into place in August 2004 , after which the 180 spikes could begin being attached .
In November 2008 this culminated in an out-of-court settlement being reached between Manchester City Council , the project 's designers Thomas Heatherwick Studio Ltd , and the engineering and construction subcontractors Packman Lucas Ltd , Flint and Neill Partnership and Westbury Structures Ltd. .
Despite these modifications , B of the Bang remained fenced off , prompting a local newspaper campaign to ` Get It Sorted ' .
Commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games , it was one of the tallest structures in the City of Manchester and was the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008 .
It was announced in October 2007 that Manchester City Council were taking legal action against the makers of the sculpture , with the aim of completing the necessary repairs to the sculpture .
Acting on a report in January 2009 , the city council recommended that B of the Bang should be dismantled and placed in storage until funds could be raised for its safe reinstatement .
To allow it to disappear would be a loss not just of an inspirational artwork but also of the council 's nerve . ''
The sculpture was constructed in Sheffield by Thomas Heatherwick Studio , Packman Lucas , Flint and Neill and Westbury Structures .
B of the Bang was a sculpture designed by Thomas Heatherwick , in Manchester , England , located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity .
The sculpture took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie , in which he said that he started his races not merely at the `` bang '' of the starting pistol , but at `` the B of the Bang '' .
More substantial hoarding was erected around the site and demolition firm Connell Bros Ltd. began removing the spikes with oxyacetylene cutting equipment .
At that time the sculpture was closed off to the public , and the junction and pathway near the sculpture were temporarily closed .
B of the Bang was located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity , in Beswick , at the corner of Alan Turing Way and Ashton New Road ; coordinates .
The council expressed its commitment to working closely with the design team in order to `` determine whether there is a robust and affordable strategy for the re-construction of the structure on the site '' .
It was commissioned by New East Manchester Limited to commemorate the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
Although the council had promised to store the complex central core and legs , these too were cut apart during removal , casting doubt on future prospects for the landmark sculpture 's return .
Brian May , the only child of Harold and Ruth May , was born in Hampton , London and attended Hampton Grammar School -LRB- now Hampton School -RRB- .
May earned a PhD in astrophysics from Imperial College in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University .
During this time he formed his first band with vocalist and bassist Tim Staffell , named Nineteen Eighty-Four after George Orwell 's novel of the same name .
He left Hampton Grammar School with ten GCE Ordinary Levels and three Advanced Levels in Physics , Mathematics and Applied Mathematics .
He was ranked 39th in Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' .
However , its components are edible , and there are stories of pigs , sheep or other farm animals consuming duroplast .
Duroplast is a composite thermosetting plastic , a close relative of formica and bakelite . It is a resin plastic reinforced with fibers -LRB- either cotton or wool -RRB- making it a fiber-reinforced plastic similar to glass-reinforced plastic .
It is made of recycled material , cotton waste and phenol resins .
Duroplast can not be further recycled , and burning it produces toxic fumes , so disposing of the bodies of old Trabants is a problem .
Duroplast was used by Central European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the mass-produced Trabant motor car .
Because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel , it is more suitable for volume car production than fibreglass .
A Berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem : a bacterium that will eat a Trabant in 20 days and leave only compost .
It was also used to make suitcases .
The product was first used in the body of the IFA F8 and later also the AWZ P70 or Zwickau P70 and the Trabant .
Duroplast is light , flexible , and strong .
The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles , entertainment profiles , actor biographies and user forums .
BuddyTV is an entertainment-based website based in Seattle , Washington , which generates content about television programs and sporting events .
The Allegheny Mountain Range -LRB- also spelled Alleghany and Allegany , -RRB- â `` informally , the Allegheniesâ `` is part of the vast Appalachian Mountain Range of the eastern United States and Canada .
This template , , returns the number of trailing zeroes after the decimal point .
CÃ cents rna is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,550 people . It has the following constituent villages : CÃ cents rna .
On 4 October 1943 , Himmler referred explicitly to the extermination of the Jewish people during a secret SS meeting in the city of PoznaÅ -LRB- Posen -RRB- .
After the Night of the Long Knives , the SS-Totenkopfverb Ã nde organized and administered Germany 's regime of concentration camps and , after 1941 , extermination camps in occupied Poland as well .
The SS , through its intelligence arm , the Security Service -LRB- Sicherheitsdienst , or SD -RRB- , dealt with Jews , Gypsies , communists and those persons of any other cultural , racial , political or religious affiliation deemed by the Nazis to be either Untermensch -LRB- sub-human -RRB- or in opposition to the regime , and placed them in concentration camps .
Himmler opened the first of these camps at Dachau on 22 March 1933 .
The San Gabriel Valley Tribune is the daily newspaper located in West Covina , California that serves the San Gabriel Valley .
Thomson sold the Tribune to Singleton 's MediaNews Group in 1996 .
It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group , along with the Pasadena Star-News and the Whittier Daily News .
The newspaper chain Brush-Moore purchased the Tribune in 1960 .
The Tribune is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group , a division of MediaNews Group .
Thomson Newspapers purchased Brush-Moore in 1967 .
In 1976 , the government made a strategic change and established the ADF to place the services under a single headquarters .
During the first decades of the 20th century , the Australian Government established three separate armed services .
It consists of the Royal Australian Navy , the Australian Army , the Royal Australian Air Force and a number of ` tri-service ' units .
The Australian Defense Force -LRB- ADF -RRB- is the military organization responsible for the defense of Australia .
Class 159 trains are almost identical to Class 158s , having been converted from Class 158 to Class 159 in two batches .
British Rail Class 158 Express Sprinter is a diesel multiple-unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- train , built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at its Derby Works .
They were built to replace many locomotive-hauled passenger trains , and allowed cascading of existing Sprinter units to replace elderly ` heritage ' DMUs .
The foundation stone of Valletta was laid by the Grandmaster of the Order , Jean Parisot de la Valette on 28 March 1566 .
The Advertising Council , commonly known as the Ad Council , is an American non-profit organization that distributes public service announcements on behalf of various sponsors , including non-profit organizations and agencies of the United States government .
The Advertising Council was conceived in 1941 , and shortly after , in February 1942 , it was incorporated as The War Advertising Council for the purpose of mobilizing the advertising industry in support of the war effort .
In 1945 , the Ad Council began working with the National Safety Council .
The Advertising Council generally does not produce public service advertisements itself , rather , it acts as a coordinator and distributor .
After the conclusion of the Second World War the War Advertising Council changed its name to the Advertising Council and shifted its focus to peacetime campaigns .
The Advertising Council accepts requests from sponsor organizations for advertising campaigns that focus on particular social issues .
Naoki Sakai -LRB- born August 2 , 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Germagnat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Ammit was also sometimes said to stand by a lake of fire .
An art gallery or art museum is a building or space for the exhibition of art , usually visual art .
The East Bay is a commonly used , informal term for the lands on the eastern side of the San Francisco Bay , in the San Francisco Bay Area , in California .
Courroux is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
It is located three kilometers southeast of the city of DelÃ mont .
The British Rail Class 127 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby in 1959 .
Thirty 4-car units were built , formed of two outer driving motor vehicles , sandwiching two intermediate trailers which were classified class 186 .
The technical description of such as 4-car unit was DMBS + TSL + TS + DMBS .
Valeri Kuzmyich Nepomniachi , -LRB- born 7 August 1943 in Slavgorod , Altai Krai -RRB- is a former Russian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player and current manager .
The calamine from the ore mine Breinigerberg was used exclusively in Stolberg for the production of brass .
Riesa is a town in the district of MeiÃ en in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
It is located at the river Elbe , approx . 40 km northwest of Dresden .
The POV of the editor-in-chief : \* Wikizine is small in the number of staff members and readers : \* Wikizine will never ever knowingly report lies : \* Wikizine makes no guarantee of validity : \* Wikizine considers itself an independent publication : \* Wikizine is not a publication of the Wikimedia Foundation : \* Wikizine is ugly and proud of it .
: Wikizine is a -LRB- nearly -RRB- weekly news letter .
: \* Wikizine is short so it does not take long to read it : \* If possible every topic is only a very brief summary with the URLs to more information about it : \* Technical news is considered the most important news : \* News is mostly only included if it is relevant or interesting for the larger Wikimedia community and not only for a specific wiki : \* The target audience are sysops and higher , ambassadors , board members of the chapters : \* It is written in English but it is for readers from many languages : \* It is hoped that the readers will spread the news that is relevant for their home-wiki to their local community and that they report news back upstream so it can be shared with the rest of the Wikimedia community : \* It is POV .
Plain text only , distribution by email : \* Wikizine is available under the GNU Free Documentation License
: If you like to show your support for Wikizine you can put a banner on your userpage .
It attempts to bring the most important news from the global Wikimedia family for everybody involved with Wikimedia .
org An independent internal news bulletin for the members of the Wikimedia community
Jonathan Simon Woodgate -LRB- born 22 January 1980 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Tottenham Hotspur as a defender .
Also includes commentary on music videos by Oasis members .
All tracks recorded live at the London Roundhouse from the iTunes Festival 2009 .
Tracks 1 , 7 , 12 and 20 are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
A boxset featuring postcards of the sleeves of every UK Oasis single was released concurrently with the album .
The record features the songs `` Whatever '' and `` Lord Do n't Slow Me Down '' which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album -LRB- although the latter did appear on the Dig Out Your Soul discbox -RRB- .
The album was released on 14 June 2010 , the album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009 .
Two iTunes Live Festival videos of `` Half the World Away '' and `` Slide Away '' are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
Five different versions of the album were released , the 2CD version , DVD , the Deluxe Box Set , 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
, and `` Little by Little '' .
The DVD includes all the music videos from `` Supersonic '' to `` Falling Down '' , and in addition , previous unreleased live video versions of `` Gas Panic ! ''
`` Sunday Morning Call '' is not listed anywhere on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on Disc 2 , track 13 .
In Japan it entered the charts at number 2 with sales of 59,348 copies and entered the charts at number 1 in the UK with first week sales of 101,297 .
Time Flies ... 1994 â `` 2009 is a compilation album released by English rock band Oasis .
The reason for this is unknown .
Macaroni and cheese , also known as `` mac and cheese '' , `` macaroni cheese '' in British English , or `` macaroni pie '' in Caribbean English , is a casserole consisting of cooked macaroni with a cheese sauce .
Lea Fastow is a native of Houston , Texas , where she was born into a Jewish family that founded the J. Weingarten Incorporated grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors .
She graduated from Tufts University , where she met her future husband , and earned an MBA at Northwestern University .
Lea Weingarten Fastow -LRB- born December 1961 -RRB- is the wife of former Enron executive and convicted felon Andrew Fastow and is the second former Enron executive to go to prison after Enron collapsed due to fraud in December 2001 .
Adams had fallen in love with hockey while watching the 1924 Stanley Cup Finals between the NHL champion Montreal Canadiens and the WCHL champion Calgary Tigers . He persuaded the NHL to grant him a franchise for Boston , which occurred on November 1 , 1924 .
The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston , Massachusetts . They are members of the Northeast Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Kowloon Walled City was a densely populated , largely ungoverned settlement in Kowloon , Hong Kong . Originally a Chinese military fort , the Walled City became an enclave after the New Territories were leased to Britain in 1898 .
Marlow -LRB- previously Great Marlow or Chipping Marlow -RRB- is a town and civil parish within Wycombe district in south Buckinghamshire , England .
Open-Site has the following main categories , under which most content is organized in several layers of subcategories .
The district was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts Belzig , Brandenburg-Land and Potsdam-Land .
Potsdam-Mittelmark is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the western part of Brandenburg , Germany .
Zonnebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Muri bei Bern is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Leury is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In that image , Mary too was shown pointing to her Immaculate Heart , expressing her love for the human race and for her Son , Jesus Christ .
PÃ re Eudes was the apostle of the Heart of Mary ; but in his devotion to the Immaculate Heart there was a share for the Heart of Jesus .
From the time of John the Evangelist and Paul of Tarsus there has always been in the Church something like devotion to the love of God , but there is nothing to indicate that , during the first ten centuries of Christianity , any worship was rendered to the wounded Heart of Jesus .
Peter Coudrin of France founded the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary on December 24 , 1800 .
The Roman Catholic acts of consecration , reparation and devotion were introduced when the feast of the Sacred Heart was declared .
It was in the fervent atmosphere of the Benedictine or Cistercian monasteries , in the world of Anselmian or Bernardine thought , that the devotion arose , although it is impossible to say positively what were its first texts or who were its first devotees . It was already well known to St. Gertrude , St. Mechtilde , and the author of the Vitis mystica -LRB- previously ascribed to St. Bernard , now attributed to St. Bonaventure -RRB- .
The revelations were numerous , and the following apparitions are especially remarkable :
From the thirteenth to the sixteenth centuries , the devotion was propagated but it did not seem to have developed in itself .
It was , nevertheless , a private , individual devotion of the mystical order .
In his Papal Bull Auctorem Fidei , Pope Pius VI praised devotion to the Sacred Heart .
The practice of the Enthronement is based upon Pope Pius XII 's declaration that devotion to the Sacred of Jesus is `` the foundation on which to build the kingdom of God in the hearts of individuals , families , and nations ... ''
Little by little , the devotion to the Sacred Heart became a separate one , and on August 31 , 1670 , the first feast of the Sacred Heart was celebrated in the Grand Seminary of Rennes .
Sacred Heart is still a widely used name for many Roman Catholic institutions , including schools , colleges , and hospitals in many countries around the world .
It is common in Roman Catholic services and occasionally is to be found in Anglican services .
Coutances followed suit on October 20 , a day with which the Eudist feast was from then on to be connected .
The devotion spread , particularly in religious communities .
It was everywhere practiced by individuals and by different religious congregations , such as the Franciscans , Dominicans , Carthusians , etc. .
The mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts .
It is also the name of many Roman Catholic parishes , religious orders , and stores selling Roman Catholic goods .
The Feast of the Sacred Heart is a solemnity in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar , and is celebrated 19 days after Pentecost .
It is in the eleventh and twelfth centuries that the first indications of devotion to the Sacred Heart are found .
The Marseilles plague , 1720 , furnished perhaps the first occasion for a solemn consecration and public worship outside of religious communities .
There is nothing to indicate that she had known the devotion prior to the revelations , or at least that she had paid any attention to it .
Worship of the Sacred Heart mainly consists of several hymns , the Salutation of the Sacred Heart , and the Litany of the Sacred Heart .
In his letter to Father Kolvenbach , Pope Benedict XVI reaffirmed the importance of the devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus .
It was established as a devotion with prayers already formulated and special exercises , found in the writings of Lanspergius -LRB- d. 1539 -RRB- of the Carthusians of Cologne , the Louis of Blois -LRB- Blosius ; 1566 -RRB- , a Benedictine and Abbot of Liessies in Hainaut , John of Avila -LRB- d. 1569 -RRB- and St. Francis de Sales , the latter belonging to the seventeenth century .
Since c. 1850 , groups , congregations , and States have consecrated themselves to the Sacred Heart .
The image of the Sacred Heart of Jesus was everywhere in evidence , largely due to the Franciscan devotion to the Five Wounds and to the habit formed by the Jesuits of placing the image on their title-page of their books and the walls of their churches .
He also made use of every available opportunity to circulate this account , discreetly , through France and England .
The feast soon spread to other dioceses , and the devotion was likewise adopted in various religious communities .
However , in 1765 , it finally yielded and that same year , at the request of the queen , the feast was received quasi-officially by the episcopate of France .
The little book was widely read , especially at Paray .
On all sides it was asked for and obtained , and finally , in 1856 , at the urgent entreaties of the French bishops , Pope Pius IX extended the feast to the Roman Catholic Church under the rite of double major .
A few days after the `` great apparition '' , Margaret Mary reported everything she saw to Father de la ColombiÃ re , and he , acknowledging the vision as an action of the Spirit of God , consecrated himself to the Sacred Heart and directed her to write an account of the apparition .
Religious imagery depicting the Sacred Heart is frequently featured in Roman Catholic , and sometimes Anglican and Lutheran homes .
A blessed image of the Sacred Heart , either a statue or a picture , is then `` enthroned '' in the home to serve as a constant reminder to those who dwell in the house of their consecration to the Sacred Heart .
On May 15 , 2006 , also Pope Benedict XVI sent a letter to Father Peter Hans Kolvenbach , the Superior General of the Society of Jesus , on the 50th Anniversary of the encyclical Haurietis Aquas , about the Sacred Heart , by Pope Pius XII .
In 1889 it was raised by the Roman Catholic Church to the double rite of first class .
The prayer `` O Sacred Heart of Jesus , I place all my trust in Thee '' is often used .
Sometimes images display beneath them a list of family members , indicating that the entire family is entrusted to the protection of Jesus in the Sacred Heart , from whom blessings on the home and the family members are sought .
Outside of the Visitandines , priests , religious , and laymen espoused the devotion , particularly the Capuchins , Margaret Mary 's two brothers , and some Jesuits .
The Enthronement of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the Sacred Heart .
Nevertheless , the devotion remained an individual , or at least a private , devotion .
The most significant source for the devotion to the Sacred Heart in the form it is known today was Visitandine Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque -LRB- 1647 â `` 1690 -RRB- , who claimed to have received visions of Jesus Christ .
Jean Eudes -LRB- 1602 â `` 1680 -RRB- made it public , gave it an Office , and established a feast for it .
Finally , by order of Leo XIII , in his encyclical Annum Sacrum -LRB- May 25 , 1899 -RRB- , as well as on June 11 , he consecrated every human to the Sacred Heart .
In the sixteenth century , the devotion passed from the domain of mysticism into that of Christian asceticism .
Nothing of a general movement had been inaugurated , except for similarities found in the devotion to the Five Wounds by the Franciscans , in which the wound in Jesus 's heart figured most prominently .
Margaret Mary reported feeling `` dreadful confusion '' over the book 's contents , but resolved to make the best of it , approving of the book for the spreading of her cherished devotion .
In spite of all sorts of obstacles , and of the slowness of the Holy See , which in 1693 imparted indulgences to the Confraternities of the Sacred Heart and , in 1697 , granted the feast to the Visitandines with the Mass of the Five Wounds , but refused a feast common to all , with special Mass and Office .
Other cities of the South followed the example of Marseilles , and thus the devotion became a popular one .
It gradually came into contact with the devotion begun at Paray , and resulting in a fusion of the two .
In 1726 it was deemed advisable once more to importune Rome for a feast with a Mass and Office of its own , but , in 1729 , Rome again refused .
This journal , including the account and an `` offering '' to the Sacred Heart , in which the devotion was well explained , was published at Lyons in 1684 .
The historical record from that time shows an early bringing to light of the devotion .
Ascetic writers spoke of it , especially those of the Society of Jesus .
The idea of this act , which Leo XIII called `` the great act '' of his pontificate , had been proposed to him by a religious woman of the Good Shepherd from Oporto -LRB- Portugal -RRB- who said that she had supernaturally received it from Jesus .
The death of Margaret Mary Alacoque on October 17 , 1690 , did not dampen the zeal of those interested ; on the contrary , a short account of her life published by Father Croiset in 1691 , as an appendix to his book `` De la DÃ votion au SacrÃ CÅ `` ur '' , served only to increase it .
For a list of institutions named after the Sacred Heart , see Sacred Heart -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
A religious order of the Roman Catholic Church , the order is best known for its missionary work in Hawaii .
Upon his death on February 15 , 1682 , there was found in his journal of spiritual retreats a copy in his own handwriting of the account that he had requested of Margaret Mary , together with a few reflections on the usefulness of the devotion .
One particular image has been used as part of a set , along with an image of the Blessed Virgin Mary .
As Pentecost is always celebrated on Sunday , the Feast of the Sacred Heart always falls on a Friday .
Silver also forms a higher fluoride , silver -LRB- II -RRB- fluoride .
Eduardo De Filippo -LRB- 24 May 1900 - 31 October 1984 -RRB- was an Italian actor , playwright , screenwriter , author and poet , best known for his Neapolitan works Filumena Marturano and Napoli Milionaria .
Note : in Bulgarian , reka means river .
Paktia basically pashtia -LRB- Ù 3\/4 Ú Ø Û Ø -RRB- some pashtu scholars are claiming that the word pashtu has been stemmed form pashtia -LRB- Ù 3\/4 Ú Ø Ù = Ù 3\/4 Ú Ø Û Ø -RRB- Najibullah Ahmadzai , the former president of Afghanistan , was from Paktia province , in particular the Melan Valley area . Paktia used to be a unified province with Khost and Paktika , these three provinces are now referred to as Loya Paktia , meaning `` Greater Paktia '' .
The London Borough of Redbridge is a London borough in the north east sub-region of Greater London , England and forms part of Outer London .
LibÃ ration -LRB- affectionately known as LibÃ -RRB- is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris by Jean-Paul Sartre and Serge July in 1973 in the wake of the protest movements of May 1968 .
Suzy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Carl Michael Edwards , II -LRB- born August 15 , 1979 -RRB- is an American NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Nationwide Series driver for Roush Fenway Racing .
FlÃ chin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Beaurains is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
They can also be eaten raw , though this is not recommended for people who may be especially susceptible to salmonella , such as the elderly , the infirm , or pregnant women .
Eggs can be scrambled , fried , hard-boiled , soft-boiled , pickled , and refrigerated .
Bird and reptile eggs consist of a protective eggshell , albumen -LRB- egg white -RRB- , and vitellus -LRB- egg yolk -RRB- , contained within various thin membranes .
Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of dishes , both sweet and savory , including many baked goods .
Most commercially produced chicken eggs intended for human consumption are unfertilized , since the laying hens are kept without roosters .
Fertile eggs can be purchased and eaten as well , with little nutritional difference .
The most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken . Duck and goose eggs , and smaller eggs such as quail eggs are occasionally used as a gourmet ingredient , as are the largest bird eggs , from ostriches .
In addition , the protein in raw eggs is only 51 % bio-available , whereas that of a cooked egg is nearer 91 % bio-available , meaning the protein of cooked eggs is nearly twice as absorbable as the protein from raw eggs .
The volatility of selenium tetrachloride can be exploited to purification of selenium .
The compound is prepared by treating selenium with chlorine : When the reacting selenium is heated , the product sublimes from the reaction flask .
The compound is prepared by treating selenium with chlorine : When the reacting selenium is heated , the product sublimes from the reaction flask . The volatility of selenium tetrachloride can be exploited to purification of selenium .
Selenium tetrachloride is the inorganic compound composed with the formula SeCl4 .
Selenium tetrachloride is the inorganic compound composed with the formula SeCl4 . This compound exists as yellow to white volatile solid .
It is one of two commonly available selenium chlorides , the other example being selenium monochloride , Se2Cl2 . SeCl4 is used in the synthesis of other selenium compounds .
Maurice-Francois Garin -LRB- Arvier , Aosta Valley , Italy , 3 March 1871 , died Lens -LRB- or Haute-Savoie -RRB- , France , 19 February 1957 -RRB- was a road bicycle racer best known for winning the inaugural Tour de France in 1903 , and for being stripped of his title in the second Tour in 1904 along with eight others , for cheating .
Margaux is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Overcome with happiness that they can now be mates , the pair begin dancing , along with the other penguins .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
Noah the elder sees their lack of fish as punishment from the Great ` Guin for Mumble 's dancing .
The film was dedicated in memory of Nick Enright , Michael Jonson , Robby McNeilly Green , and Steve Irwin .
Noah exiles Mumble from the colony . Mumble vows that he will find the real cause of the famine .
Gloria becomes angry and turns her back on Mumble . As Mumble has no heartsong , Gloria continues towards the other males visibly distraught .
The Edwards Campus is in Overland Park , Kansas in the Kansas City , Missouri metro area .
The University of Kansas -LRB- often referred to as KU or just Kansas -RRB- is a public research university , and the largest university in the state of Kansas . KU Campuses are located in Lawrence , Kansas City , Kansas , and Overland Park , Kansas , with the main campus being located in Lawrence on Mount Oread the highest peak in Lawrence .
The University of Kansas -LRB- often referred to as KU or just Kansas -RRB- is a public research university , and the largest university in the state of Kansas .
It has a population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the West Nusa Tenggara province .
Gili Air is the second smallest of the Gilis and it 's closest to the Lombok mainland , making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat .
The island offers excellent snorkeling and scuba diving off its east coast , and turtles can be seen along the coral reef .
`` Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' is the first episode of the animated television series South Park .
Stan and Kyle meet Wendy at Stark 's Pond and she suggests using the machine lodged inside of Cartman to contact the aliens . To lure the aliens back , the children tie Cartman to a tree and , the next time he farts , an 80 foot -LRB- 24 m -RRB- satellite dish emerges from his rear .
As Kyle , Stan , Kenny , and Cartman wait for the school bus , Cartman tells the boys about a dream he had the previous night about being abducted by aliens . The others try to convince him that the events did happen , but Cartman refuses to believe them .
Cartman is again abducted by the aliens and returned to the bus stop the following day .
After Chef leaves , the school bus picks up the boys and they watch in horror as the aliens abduct Kyle 's little brother , Ike .
When Chef learns that Kyle 's brother was abducted and sees a machine emerge from Cartman 's rear end , he helps the boys escape from school by pulling the fire alarm .
It was originally broadcast on Comedy Central in the United States on August 13 , 1997 .
No Mercy was an annual professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Following the Turko-Persian Ghaznavid conquest of South Asia , a hybrid language of Turkish , Arabic and Persian and local dialects began to form , one that would eventually be known as Urdu .
Under Persian influence from the state , the Persian script and Nasta ` liq form of cursive writing was adopted , with additional figures added to accommodate the Indic phonetic system .
This language was called Zaban-e-Ordu -LRB- ` language of the army ' -RRB- to distinguish it from Farsi , the court language , and was later shortened to just Urdu .
Many distinctly Persian forms of literature , such as Ghazal , Qasida , Marsia and Nazms , caried over into Urdu literature , producing a distinct melding of Iranian and South Asian heritages .
Some grammatical elements peculiar to Persian , such as the enclitic ezÄ fe , and the use of the takhallus , were readily absorbed into Urdu literature both religious and secular .
A famous cross-over writer was Amir Khusro , whose Persian and Urdu couplets are to this day read in South Asia .
Urdu is grammatically an Indic language , written in the Perso-Arabic script , and contains literary conventions and specialised vocabulary largely from Persian .
Despite the heavy influence of Persian on Urdu , linguistically , Urdu is not classified as an Iranian language -LRB- as is Persian -RRB- but rather as an Indo-Aryan language -LRB- like Hindi , Gujarati , Bengali , Punjabi , Seraiki and Sindhi -RRB- .
The Persian language influenced the formation of many modern languages of the Greater Middle East , Central Asia , and South Asian regions , including Urdu .
It grew from the interaction of Persian and Turkic speaking Muslim soldiers and the native peoples .
Urdu soon gained distinction in literary and cultural spheres because of the hybrid nature of the language .
Canadian Tire ` money ' distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada .
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
At 995 feet -LRB- 303 m -RRB- tall , it is currently the sixth-tallest building in Chicago and the thirteenth tallest in the United States .
Two Prudential Plaza is a super-tall skyscraper that was built in the Loop area of Chicago , Illinois , United States in 1990 .
Other attractions in Riverside include the Fox Performing Arts Center , Riverside Metropolitan Museum , which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history , the California Museum of Photography , the California Citrus State Historic Park , and the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree , one of the two original navel orange trees in California .
Riverside is the 61st most populous city in the United States and 12th most populous city in California .
The city prides itself on its historic connection to the navel orange , which was introduced to North America from Brazil by the first settlers to Riverside in 1873 . Riverside is home to the three surviving Parent Navel Orange Tree , from which all American West Coast navel orange trees are descended .
Riverside is home to the University of California , Riverside .
Riverside is a city in Riverside County , California , United States , and the county seat of the eponymous county .
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
All contributors to the Knol project must sign in first with a Google account and are supposed to state their real names .
Readers with Google accounts may rate , comment on , or suggest edits to the articles , in the style of comments after a blog entry .
What you 're seeing here , slowly , is Google embracing an advertising-driven model , in which money will have a greater impact on what people have ready access to . ''
The non-profit Wikimedia Foundation , which owns the name Wikipedia and the servers hosting the Wikipedia projects , welcomed the Google Knol initiative saying that `` The more good free content , the better for the world . ''
All contributions are licensed by default under the Creative Commons CC-BY-3 .0 license -LRB- which allows anyone to reuse the material as long as the original author is named -RRB- , but authors may choose the CC-BY-NC-3 .0 license -LRB- which prohibits commercial reuse -RRB- or traditional all rights reserved copyright protections instead .
The project was led by Udi Manber of Google , announced December 13 , 2007 , and was opened in beta to the public on July 23 , 2008 with a few hundred articles mostly in the health and medical field .
Jeff Chester , executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy , raised similar concerns : `` At the end of the day , there 's a fundamental conflict between the business Google is in and its social goals .
Also forbidden is discriminatory or violent content .
Knol employs `` nofollow '' outgoing links , using an HTML directive to prevent links in its articles from influencing search engine rankings .
Content designed to promote businesses , products or services is allowed , but articles devoid of substantive content and created solely to generate ad revenue are not .
If permission is given , Google will check the veracity of the name information by credit card or phone -LRB- currently only for users residing in the US -RRB- .
When the project was announced , Manber said that `` Google will not serve as an editor in any way , and will not bless any content .
Knol has a content policy describing topics unacceptable for the project .
Google '' -LRB- believes -RRB- that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content '' , and it hopes that `` knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line '' .
Knol has been described both as a rival to encyclopedia sites such as Wikipedia , Citizendium , and Scholarpedia and as a complement to Wikipedia , offering a different format that addresses many of Wikipedia 's shortcomings .
Knol is a Google project that aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics .
There has been debate whether Google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest .
According to Danny Sullivan , the editor of Search Engine Land , `` Googleâ s goal of making Knol pages easy to find on search engines could conflict with its need to remain unbiased . ''
The term knol , which Google defines as a `` unit of knowledge '' , refers to both the project and an article in the project .
Several experts see Knol as Google 's attempt to compete with Wikipedia , while others point out the differences between the projects .
Relevant nudity is allowed -LRB- in most countries -RRB- , but pornography , commercial or otherwise , is forbidden .
All editorial responsibilities and control will rest with the authors . ''
Antonio da Sangallo the Younger -LRB- April 12 , 1484 â `` August 3 , 1546 -RRB- , born Antonio Cordiani , was an Italian architect active during the Italian Renaissance .
It was released as the band 's debut single on 26 November 1976 and was featured on their only album , Never Mind the Bollocks , Here 's the Sex Pistols .
`` Anarchy in the U.K. '' is a song by the English punk rock band The Sex Pistols .
Megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna known only from Australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known echidna species .
Adding an parameter allows extra CSS classes to be specified .
In most cases one wo n't need the , but if there 's an anywhere in the text provided , it is necessary .
This meta-template is used to style section hatnotes which direct users to related articles .
In Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , a series that debuted January 13 , 2008 , Glau played the role of Cameron Phillips , a Terminator infiltration unit sent back to protect John Connor and Sarah Connor from Skynet .
Summer Lyn Glau -LRB- ; born July 24 , 1981 -RRB- is an American actress , known for playing River Tam in the science fiction series Firefly and follow-up movie Serenity , and for playing Cameron in the series Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
-LRB- South African Rand -RRB- .
IMDb launched on October 17 , 1990 , and in 1998 was acquired by Amazon.com .
Internet Movie Database -LRB- IMDb -RRB- is an online database of information related to movies , television shows , actors , production crew personnel , video games and fictional characters featured in visual entertainment media .
Instrumentation is defined as the art and science of measurement and control .
Lee County was created in 1887 from Monroe County .
Gyeongju was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Silla -LRB- 57 BC â `` 935 AD -RRB- which ruled most of the Korean Peninsula between the 7th and 9th centuries .
As well as its rich historical heritage , Gyeongju today is affected by the economic , demographic , and social trends that have shaped modern South Korean culture .
Gyeongju is often referred to as `` the museum without walls '' .
The city borders Cheongdo and Yeongcheon to the west , Ulsan to the south and Pohang to the north , while to the east lies the coast of the Sea of Japan -LRB- East Sea -RRB- .
To the east , it has no neighbor but the sea .
Gyeongju is a coastal city in the far southeastern corner of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea .
Tourism remains the major economic driver , but manufacturing activities have developed due to its proximity to major industrial centers such as Ulsan and Pohang .
Gyeongju is 370 k southeast of Seoul , and 55 k east of the provincial capital , Daegu .
It is similar to 53 other small - and medium-sized cities with a population under 300,000 people in South Korea .
The many major historical sites have helped Gyeongju become one of the most popular tourist destinations in South Korea .
The city of Gyeongju was united with the nearby rural Gyeongju County in 1995 and is now an urbanâ `` rural complex .
Among such historical treasures , Seokguram grotto , Bulguksa temple , Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village are designated as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
It is the second largest city by area in the province after Andong , covering 1324 k with a population of 269,343 people according to the 2008 census .
Louis married three times .
By Eleanor of Aquitaine , he had :
Louis VII -LRB- called the Younger or the Young -RRB- -LRB- 1120 â `` 18 September 1180 -RRB- was King of France , the son and successor of Louis VI -LRB- hence his nickname -RRB- .
A cheesesteak , also known as a Philadelphia cheesesteak , Philly cheesesteak , or steak and cheese , is a sandwich made from thinly sliced pieces of steak and melted cheese in a long roll .
An occultation is an event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer .
The word is used in astronomy -LRB- see below -RRB- .
It can also refer to any situation wherein an object in the foreground blocks from view -LRB- occults -RRB- an object in the background .
Off the ice , Neely 's personal family tragedies , with both his parents dying of cancer , have made him very aware of those whose circumstances are less fortunate than his own . Today , Neely remains active in the Cam Neely Foundation run in conjunction with the New England Medical Center , where patients and their families avail themselves of accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
Cameron Michael Neely -LRB- born June 6 , 1965 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player . He played right wing for the Vancouver Canucks and Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League from 1983 to 1996 .
In the 1993 â `` 94 season Neely scored his 50th goal in his 44th game ; only Gretzky has scored 50 goals in fewer games . This milestone is unofficial as the 50 goals must be scored in the first 50 games the team plays , counting from the start of the season .
Mantenay-Montlin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The Norse colonies were later abandoned .
They named their new discovery Vinland .
The 1920s brought an age of great prosperity in the United States , and to a lesser degree Canada .
Mexico was not part of the war as the country was embroiled in the Mexican Revolution at the time .
The only Norse site yet discovered in North America is at L'Anse aux Meadows , Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada .
As part of a general age of discovery Genoese sailor Christopher Columbus proposed a voyage west from Europe to find a shorter route to Asia .
The more southern cultural groups of North America were responsible for the domestication of many common crops now used around the world , such as tomatoes and squash .
Mexico experienced an era of huge economic growth after World War II , a heavy industrialization process and a growth of its middle class , a period known in Mexican history as the `` El Milagro Mexicano '' -LRB- Mexican miracle -RRB- .
The Caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , while on the largest island the Cuban Revolution introduced Cold War rivalries into Latin America .
The name and cultures that Europeans recorded for the natives were not necessarily the same as the ones they had used a few generations before , or the ones in use today .
Independence was declared in 1810 by Miguel Hidalgo , starting the Mexican War of Independence .
Several theoretical contacts have been proposed , but the earliest physical evidence comes to us from the Norse or Vikings .
By 1663 the French crown had taken over control of New France from the fur-trading companies , and the English charter colonies gave way to more metropolitan control .
As a result of the development of agriculture in the south , many important cultural advances were made there .
As a result of conflict with Mexico , the United States made further territorial gains in California and the Southwest .
At home , the United States witnessed convulsive change especially in the area of race relations .
Territory often changed hands multiple times .
Upon the arrival of the Europeans in the `` New World '' , native peoples found their culture changed drastically .
The coming of the American Revolution had a great impact across the continent .
Likewise , Canada faced a division between French and English communities that led to the outbreak of civil strife in 1837 .
An attempt at northern expansion was blocked by Britain during the War of 1812 .
The first successful English settlements were at Jamestown -LRB- 1607 -RRB- -LRB- along with its satellite , Bermuda in 1609 -RRB- and Plymouth -LRB- 1620 -RRB- , in what are today Virginia and Massachusetts respectively .
This led Mexico to declare war on the Axis nations and enter the conflict .
In 1492 Columbus reached land in the Bahamas .
Initially , European activity consisted mostly of trade and exploration .
However , the associated American Revolutionary War was an important war that touched all corners of the region .
In Mexico , the entire era was dominated by the dictatorship of Porfirio DÃ az .
The Viking voyages did not become common knowledge in the Old World , and Europeans remained ignorant of the existence of the Americas , until 1492 .
For example , the Maya civilization developed a writing system , built huge pyramids , had a complex calendar , and developed the concept of zero 500 years before anyone in the Old World .
Almost 500 years after the Norse , John Cabot explored the east coast of what would become Canada in 1497 .
In 1813 , JosÃ MarÃ a Morelos and the Congress of AnÃ huac signed the Solemn Act of the Declaration of Independence of Northern America , the first legal document where the separation of the New Spain with respect to Spain is proclaimed .
Giovanni da Verrazzano explored the East Coast of North America from Florida to presumably Newfoundland in 1524 .
Meanwhile , Spain 's hold on Mexico was weakening .
In neighboring Newfoundland , the new dominion suffered a devastating loss on July 1 , 1916 , the First day on the Somme .
Viceroyalty of New Spain -LRB- present-day Mexico -RRB- was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia , North America and its peripheries from 1535 to 1821 .
But the Wall Street Crash of 1929 combined with drought ushered in a period of economic hardship in the United States and Canada .
The United States stayed apart from the conflict until 1917 , joining the Entente powers .
The three principal colonial powers were Spain , England , and France , although eventually even small powers like the Netherlands and Sweden received minor holdings on the continent .
They gained control of most of the largest islands in the Caribbean and conquered the Aztecs , gaining control of present-day Mexico and Central America .
Further to the south , plantation slavery became the main industry of the West Indies , and this gave rise to the beginning of the Atlantic slave trade .
The United States was then able to play a crucial role at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 that shaped interwar Europe .
The United States especially emerged as a `` superpower '' .
At the same time , British settlement in Canada increased .
US expansion was complicated by the division between `` free '' and `` slave '' states , which led to the Missouri Compromise 1820 .
In the ensuing Conscription Crisis of 1917 , riots broke out on the streets of Montreal .
There was limited contact between North American people and the outside world before 1492 .
Mexico faced constant political tensions between liberals and conservatives , as well as the rebellion of the English-speaking region of Texas , which declared itself the Republic of Texas 1836 .
In Canada this was mirrored by the Quiet Revolution and the emergence of Quebec nationalism .
Rivalry between the European powers created a series of wars on the North American landmass that would have great impact on the development of the colonies .
Canada bore the brunt of several major battles during the early stages of the war including the use of poison gas attacks at Ypres .
The Fur Trade soon became the primary business on the continent and as a result transformed the Native Americans lifestyle .
From the time of independence of the United States , that country expanded rapidly to the west , acquiring the massive Louisiana territory in 1803 .
Losses became grave , and the government eventually brought in conscription , despite the fact this was against the wishes of the majority of French Canadians .
The Mayan culture was still present when the Spanish arrived in Central America , but political dominance in the area had shifted to the Aztec Empire further north .
Native groups can also be classified by their language family -LRB- e.g. Athapascan or Uto-Aztecan -RRB- .
Jacques Cartier made a series of voyages on behalf of the French crown in 1534 and penetrated the St. Lawrence River .
In 1845 Texas joined the United States , which would later lead to the Mexicanâ `` American War .
Spain finally recognized Mexico 's independence in 1821 .
The destruction of Europe wrought by the war vaulted all North American countries to more important roles in world affairs .
Eventually Europeans began to establish settlements .
This was the beginning of the Spanish Empire in the New World .
He eventually received the backing of Isabella I and Ferdinand II , Queen and King of newly united Spain .
The flight of the United Empire Loyalists led to the creation of English Canada as a separate community .
Most importantly it directly led to the creation of the United States of America .
As a part of the British Empire Canada immediately was at war in 1914 .
This ushered in a new era of more formalized colonialism in North America .
From 1936 to 1949 , this was a popular uprising against the anti-Catholic Mexican government of the time , set off specifically by the anti-clerical provisions of the Mexican Constitution of 1917 .
It is important to note that people with similar languages did not always share the same material culture , nor were they always allies .
Settlement by the Spanish started the European colonization of the Americas .
The first French settlements were Port Royal -LRB- 1604 -RRB- and Quebec City -LRB- 1608 -RRB- in what is now Nova Scotia and Quebec .
Before contact with Europeans , the indigenous peoples of North America were divided into many different polities , from small bands of a few families to large empires .
The early Cold War era saw the United States as the most powerful nation in a Western coalition of which Mexico and Canada were also a part .
The incident happened in spite of Mexico 's neutrality at that time .
The first successful Spanish settlement in continental North America was Veracruz in 1519 , followed by many other settlements in colonial New Spain and Spanish Florida .
Perhaps most importantly they domesticated one of the world 's major staples , maize -LRB- corn -RRB- .
Two Mexican tankers , transporting oil to the United States , were attacked and sunk by the Germans in the Gulf of Mexico waters , in 1942 .
They lived in several `` culture areas '' , which roughly correspond to geographic and biological zones and give a good indication of the main lifeway or occupation of the people who lived there -LRB- e.g. the Bison hunters of the Great Plains , or the farmers of Mesoamerica -RRB- .
As such , their affiliation with political and cultural groups changed as well , several linguistic groups went extinct , and others changed quite quickly .
Peace was not achieved until French forces in North America were vanquished at the Battle of the Plains of Abraham at Quebec City , and France ceded most of her claims outside of the Caribbean .
Norse captain Leif Eriksson is believed to have reached the Island of Newfoundland circa 1000 AD .
The Garter snake is a Colubrid snake genus -LRB- Thamnophis -RRB- common across North America , ranging from Alaska and Canada to Central America .
It is the single most widely distributed genus of reptile in North America .
His ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
Cologne or Eau de Cologne is a toiletry , a perfume in a style that originated from Cologne , Germany .
It is nowadays a generic term for scented formulations in typical concentration of 2-5 % essential oils .
His shop at Obenmarspforten opened in 1709 and is today the world 's oldest fragrance factory .
Giovanni Maria Farina 's formula has been produced in Cologne since 1709 by Farina opposite the JÃ 1\/4 lichplatz and to this day remains a secret .
Eau de Cologne , or just `` cologne '' , has now become a generic term .
Other Colognes were launched over 100 years after Farina 's one , such as the famous Cologne 4711 , named after its location at `` Glockengasse No. 4711 '' .
In 1806 , Jean Marie Joseph Farina , a grand-grand-nephew of Giovanni Maria Farina -LRB- 1685 â `` 1766 -RRB- , opened a perfumery business in Paris that was later sold to Roger & Gallet . That company now owns the rights to Eau de Cologne extra vieille in contrast to the Original Eau de Cologne from Cologne .
The Original Eau de Cologne composed by Farina was used only as a perfume and delivered to `` nearly all royal houses in Europe '' -LRB- Farina Fragrance Museum information leaflet -RRB- .
He named his fragrance Eau de Cologne , in honor of his new hometown .
The original Eau de Cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in Cologne in 1709 by Giovanni Maria Farina -LRB- 1685 â `` 1766 -RRB- , an Italian perfume maker from Santa Maria Maggiore Valle Vigezzo , Italy .
When free trade was established in Cologne by the French in 1797 , the success of Eau de Cologne prompted countless other businessmen to sell their own fragrances under the name of Eau de Cologne .
In 1708 , Farina wrote to his brother Jean Baptiste : `` I have found a fragrance that reminds me of an Italian spring morning , of mountain daffodils and orange blossoms after the rain '' -LRB- Eckstein p. 8 -RRB- .
It can also contain oils of lavender , rosemary , thyme , petitgrain -LRB- orange leaf -RRB- , and jasmine .
In a base of dilute ethanol -LRB- 70-90 % -RRB- , Eau de Cologne contains a mixture of citrus oils including oils of lemon , orange , tangerine , bergamot , lime , grapefruit and neroli .
Most states establish such slogans for the promotion of tourism .
There is a separate list of U.S. state mottos and list of U.S. state nicknames .
This list of U.S. state slogans makes up the advertising slogans , currently and formerly used by U.S. states .
Residents of BrasÃ lia are known as brasilienses or candangos -LRB- the latter referring to those not born in the city , but migrated there when the city was established -RRB- .
On April 22 of 1960 , it formally became Brazil 's national capital .
BrasÃ lia International Airport is the main airport in BrasÃ lia , connecting the capital to all major Brazilian cities and many international destinations .
The city was planned and developed in 1956 with LÃ cio Costa as the principal urban planner and Oscar Niemeyer as the principal architect .
It is the third most important airport of Brazil , in terms of passengers and aircraft movements .
Viewed from above , the main portion of the city resembles an airplane or a butterfly .
From the beginning , the growth of BrasÃ lia was greater than original estimates . According to the original plans , BrasÃ lia would be a city for government authorities and staff .
The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal , or simply BSB .
Chaveyriat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Akira Konno is a former Japanese football player .
Poieni-Solca is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard , sometimes while performing acrobatics .
For Group 6 - Armstand - the dive number has either three , four or five digits : Three digits for dives without twist and four for dives with twists .
Diving is a separate sport in Olympic and Club Diving .
Joseph-Armand Bombardier -LRB- April 16 , 1907 -- February 18 , 1964 -RRB- was a Canadian inventor and businessman , and was the founder of Bombardier .
In 1970 , Malakand Division was formed from the princely states of Chitral , Dir and Swat -LRB- incorporated into West Pakistan in 1969 -RRB- and an area around the Malakand Fort known as the Malakand Protected Area . The capital of the new division was Saidu Sharif .
Cornell University was founded on April 27 , 1865 as the result of a New York State -LRB- NYS -RRB- Senate bill that named the university as the state 's land grant institution . Senator Ezra Cornell offered his farm in Ithaca , New York as a site and $ 500,000 of his personal fortune as an initial endowment .
Founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White , the university was intended to teach and make contributions in all fields of knowledge -- from the classics to the sciences and from the theoretical to the applied . These ideals , unconventional for the time , are captured in Cornell 's motto , an 1865 Ezra Cornell quotation : `` I would found an institution where any person can find instruction in any study . ''
The Saudi Arabia national football team -LRB- known by its fans as al-Sogour which means `` The Falcons '' or al-Akhdar which means `` The Green '' -RRB- is the national team of Saudi Arabia and is controlled by the Saudi Arabia Football Federation .
Metallica -LRB- also known as The Black Album -RRB- is the eponymous fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
The title refers to the aboriginal TaÃ no name for the island of Puerto Rico , Boriken or Boriquen .
La BorinqueÃ a is the national anthem of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico .
The current official music and words were codified in 1903 and have since been taught in schools and generally adopted by the public .
The music was officially adopted by the government in 1952 , and the words in 1977 .
Knox is a city in Center Township , Starke County , Indiana , United States .
BÃ 1\/4 ren is a municipality in the district of Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Rexburg is a city in Madison County , Idaho , in the United States .
Shigemaru Takenokoshi -LRB- February 15 , 1906 -- October 6 , 1980 -RRB- was a Japanese football player and manager .
Dialectics -LRB- also called logic -RRB- was one of the three liberal arts taught in medieval universities as part of the trivium .
Shields , in the traditional sense of the word , though less common than omni-directional force fields , have also featured in works of science fiction , notably including -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- those featuring mecha . These shields sometimes resemble , or are explicitly advanced versions of , police riot and\/or tactical shields , complete with windows and\/or gun ports and designed for use in primarily ranged combat ; other shields in science fiction works are more clearly inspired by ancient or medieval shields .
Over time , these were displaced by the kite shield , which was rounded at the top and tapered at the bottom .
Kite shields were commonly used by cavalry as well .
In other works , shields consist of a device that generates an energy barrier in the shape of a traditional shield -LRB- as opposed to the more typical skin-tight or globular `` shields '' described above -RRB- and used in much the same way , such as the `` beam shields '' -LRB- based on beam saber technology -RRB- of Gundam F-91 and later works in the Universal Century timeline , or the shields carried by some of the battle droids in the climactic land battle in Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace . Such shields , whether composed of matter or energy , are typically able to block most or all attacks from weapons comparable in size to the shield , i.e. personal shields are typically impenetrable by personal weapons but not to larger vehicle or ship weapons , while the shields used by mobile suits in the various Gundam anime can block mobile suit weapons and tank guns and some battleship weapons ; because of their limited coverage , however , shields are generally depicted as ineffective against area-affecting attacks like grenades and other explosives , and of limited or no use when attacked by surprise or from multiple directions .
Carlos Alberto Torres -LRB- born July 17 , 1944 , Rio de Janeiro -RRB- is a former Brazilian footballer , one of the most highly regarded defenders of all time .
The equation of `` organic '' with living organisms comes from the now-abandoned idea of vitalism that attributed a special force to life that alone could create organic substances .
In a forest , for example , leaf litter and woody material falls to the forest floor .
The definition of organic matter varies upon the subject for which it is being used .
This idea was first questioned after the abiotic synthesis of urea by Friedrich WÃ hler in 1828 .
Polymers and plastics , although they may be organic compounds , are usually not considered organic material , due to their poor ability to decompose . A clam 's shell , while biotic , would not be considered organic matter by this definition because of its inability to decay .
When the organic matter has broken down into a stable humic substances that resist further decomposition it is called humus .
Organic matter -LRB- or organic material -RRB- is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds . The definition of organic matter varies upon the subject for which it is being used .
Organic matter -LRB- or organic material -RRB- is matter that has come from a once-living organism ; is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
The organic matter in soil derives from plants and animals .
This is sometimes referred to as organic material .
When it decays to the point in which it is no longer recognizable it is called soil organic matter .
Oatmeal can also be ground oat , steel-cut oats , crushed oats , or rolled oats .
Of the cart types not animal-drawn , perhaps the most common example today is the shopping cart -LRB- British English : shopping trolley -RRB- , which has also come to have a metaphorical meaning in relation to online purchases -LRB- here , British English uses the metaphor of the shopping basket -RRB- .
Shopping carts first made their appearance in Oklahoma City in 1937 .
Windows NT 6.0 can refer to these releases of Microsoft Windows :
Port St. Lucie is a city in St. Lucie County , Florida , United States .
This template handles a glitch in the URL encoding for musicline .
This template replaces a single slash character with a % A5 .
Some songs include a slash character in the title .
Standard urlencode processing does n't work , as musicline expects a % A5 to replace the slash .
Bernhard `` Barney '' Dreyfuss -LRB- February 23 , 1865 â `` February 5 , 1932 -RRB- was an executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
Dreyfuss was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2008 following his election by the Veterans Committee .
Electronic feedback loops take two forms : negative feedback loops and positive feedback loops .
In systems containing an input and output , feeding back part of the output so as to increase the input is positive feedback -LRB- regeneration -RRB- ; feeding back part of the output in such a way as to partially oppose the input is negative feedback -LRB- degeneration -RRB- .
Since the microphone is in front of the speaker , the original sound -LRB- now coming from the speaker -RRB- goes back into the microphone .
Such a loop is called a feedback loop .
Such a loop is called a feedback loop . In systems containing an input and output , feeding back part of the output so as to increase the input is positive feedback -LRB- regeneration -RRB- ; feeding back part of the output in such a way as to partially oppose the input is negative feedback -LRB- degeneration -RRB- .
Rockstar Games has released two episodic content for Grand Theft Auto IV .
Grand Theft Auto IV : The Complete Edition , including the original Grand Theft Auto IV and its two episodic expansions , was listed on online stores before being confirmed by Rockstar .
From such a perspective , in different research contexts complex systems are defined on the basis of their different attributes .
Since all complex systems have many interconnected components , the science of networks and network theory are important aspects of the study of complex systems .
It is also called complex systems theory , complexity science , study of complex systems , sciences of complexity , non-equilibrium physics , and historical physics .
The key problems of complex systems are difficulties with their formal modeling and simulation .
Saint-And Ã ol-de-Fourchades is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
Therefore stars will rise in the east , culminate on the north-south line -LRB- meridian -RRB- and set in the west , -LRB- unless a star is circumpolar -RRB- .
All objects in the sky can be thought of as projected upon the celestial sphere .
This divides the sphere into the north celestial hemisphere and the south celestial hemisphere .
A celestial sphere can also refer to a physical model of the celestial sphere or celestial globe .
The celestial sphere is divided by projecting the equator into space .
The oldest surviving example of such an artefact is the globe of the Farnese Atlas sculpture , a 2nd-century copy of an older -LRB- Hellenistic period , ca .
Likewise , one can locate the Celestial Tropic of Cancer , Celestial Tropic of Capricorn , North Celestial Pole , and South Celestial Pole .
This is the diurnal motion .
As an angle of 1 Â corresponds to 4 minutes in time -LRB- 360 Â = 24 hours -RRB- , we need therefore 4 extra minutes of diurnal motion to see the Sun back on -LRB- for example -RRB- the meridian again , making the duration of one rotation just 24 hours exactly -LRB- on the average , ignoring small seasonal variations , see equation of time -RRB-
As the Earth rotates from west to east around its axis once every 24 hours , the celestial sphere and all objects on it appear to rotate from east to west around the celestial poles in the same time .
Such globes map the constellations on the outside of a sphere , resulting in a mirror image of the constellations as seen from Earth .
In astronomy and navigation , the celestial sphere is an imaginary sphere of arbitrarily large radius , concentric with the Earth and rotating upon the same axis .
The reason for this apparent misadjustment of our clocks is that the Sun is not standing still on the celestial sphere , as the stars do , but moves about 1 Â per day eastwards over a great circle known as the ecliptic -LRB- which is 360 Â or a full circle in one year , the annual motion of the Sun -RRB- .
On the next night a particular star will rise again , but with our normal clocks running a 24 hour 0 minutes cycle , it will do so 4 minutes earlier .
The lower tier of the West Stand is uncovered and offers a great view of the action .
Also , known as the Van Damme Stand .
The North Stand is the most recent addition to Oakwell Stadium and is a large covered singled tiered seating area with a capacity for 6,000 spectators .
In spite of the restricted views and modest facilities , the West Stand remains a popular vantage point for many fans .
On 27 December 1920 , Horace Fairhurst , a full-back for the visiting Blackpool , received a blow to the head during the league encounter .
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats Rugby League Club used the stadium for their first game in the Super League in 1998 .
Given that the average gate at Barnsley accounts for less than 50 % of capacity this appeared to be a strange announcement , however there are a number of structural concerns with the roof and the wooden floor of the upper tier and it would seem that a new structure is more financially viable than maintaining the existing one .
Funded in part by the football trust , the stand has a capacity of 7,492 and replaced a large covered terrace known as the Brewery Stand .
Due to the sloped land on which Oakwell Stadium is built , the rear of the East Stand is much taller than it is from the pitchside meaning a climb to the upper tier seating area requires many more steps than a spectator may anticipate , however several lifts are available .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .
In March 2008 , club secretary Don Rowing revealed that the West Stand would be demolished and rebuilt .
The East stand is very modern , and has plenty of legroom .
Premier League side Manchester City used the stadium for their first qualifying round UEFA Cup game in July 2008 , since the pitch at the City of Manchester Stadium was unsuitable for footballing purposes after the summer 's commercial activities , such as boxing and music concerts and was being re-turfed .
The East Stand is a two tier development completed in 1993 .
With the completion of the East Stand , Barnsley FC became the first football club in Yorkshire to incorporate ` executive boxes ' into their stadium .
Built in the summer of 1998 and originally known as ` The Welcome Windows Stand ' , this unusual three level structure provides further executive areas and disabled facilities for viewing an event .
The West Stand is the only original part of Oakwell Stadium left standing , however it was made ` all-seater ' in 1995 .
In recent years Oakwell Stadium has rarely been used by anyone other than Barnsley FC , barring the occasional ` celebrity ' charity football match .
It is understood , and quite apparent on closer inspection , that this stand had been designed specifically with future development in mind , therefore should the club ever have the need to increase the grounds capacity then it would be fundamentally possible to add a second tier without making any major alterations to the existing structure .
Non-league football club Wakefield and Emley used the stadium for an FA Cup tie against Rotherham in 1998 , choosing a larger neutral venue as opposed to the traditional option of ` switching ' the tie to the home of the team which was drawn away .
The East Stand was designed by NYP Architects , as was the North Stand and the Corner Stand .
As this stand is generally reserved for away supporters its capacity is rarely utilized , although during the 2006\/07 season , Sheffield Wednesday , Derby , Birmingham and Sunderland fans all filled the end , Sunderland also took up half of the West Stand .
He died at home eleven days later as a result of the injury .
The stand is made up of two tiers , only the upper tier is covered but at the expense of several supporting columns for the roof structure , the seats are the originals from the early 1900s , from here you get a decent view with moderate legroom .
Until 2003 the stadium and the vast amount of land that surrounds it was owned by Barnsley Football Club themselves , however after falling into administration in 2002 the council purchased the main Oakwell Stadium to allow the club to pay its creditors and remain participants in The Football League .
The stand also incorporates a traditional players tunnel in the center , while this is used for access to some of the facilities underneath the stand , the main players tunnel now feeds out from the north-west corner following the relocation of the changing rooms to the North Stand .
Oakwell is a multi-purpose sports development in Barnsley , South Yorkshire , England used primarily by Barnsley Football Club for playing their home fixtures , and those of their reserves .
This part of the stadium also houses the players gym , the club superstore , box office , and general administration offices .
In the 2009\/10 season , Sheffield Wednesday and Newcastle United fans filled the stand .
However at the time it was built , Barnsley FC had only just been demoted from the FA Premier League and were planning for a possible return .
Some fans continue to call it the ` ORA Stand ' â `` in reference to the original sponsors of it .
Built in 1995 , CK Beckett is the current name for what is traditionally known as the ` Pontefract Road End ' or ` Ponty End ' .
With a capacity of 4,508 , The CK Beckett Stand is a large covered single tier seating area behind the goal on the south side of the stadium .
The West Stand has a total seating capacity of 4,752 .
At a cost of Â # 4.5 million -LRB- including several academy facilities that it accommodates -RRB- , it has been a cause for debate ever since its construction .
At the end of the 1990s , the then stadium owners Barnsley Football Club were considering re-developing the West Stand after several seasons of high attendances , however with the rapid decline in fortunes of the football club , subsequent sale of the stadium and new club ownership these plans are unlikely to come to fruition in the near future .
Access to this area was also incorporated into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels , the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .
While the name ` Oakwell ' generally refers to the main stadium , it also includes several neighbouring venues which form the facilities of the Barnsley F.C. academy â `` an indoor training pitch , a smaller stadium with seating on the south and west sides for around 2,200 spectators , and several training pitches used by the different Barnsley FC squads .
At this stage Suriname was made independent . Ferrier was selected as President of the country .
Ferrier was selected as President of the country .
Ferrier was born in 1910 at Suriname 's largest city and its capital , Paramaribo .
He also spent time as Suriname 's head of education . From 1968 until 1975 he retained the post of governor .
See this template 's talk page for information on how to use this template .
Named for their prominent barbels , which resemble a cat 's whiskers , catfish range in size and behavior from the heaviest and longest , the Mekong giant catfish from Southeast Asia and the second longest , the wels catfish of Eurasia , to detritivores -LRB- species that eat dead material on the bottom -RRB- , and even to a tiny parasitic species commonly called the candiru , Vandellia cirrhosa .
Other catfish commonly found in the aquarium trade are banjo catfish , talking catfish , and long-whiskered catfish .
Today , Darien is known as `` A Nice Place to Live '' . Darien in Illinois is pronounced with the accent on the first syllable ; Darien in Connecticut is pronounced with the accent on the last syllable .
Sergio Leone -LRB- ; January 3 , 1929 -- April 30 , 1989 -RRB- was an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter most associated with the `` Spaghetti Western '' genre .
In 1998 , while production lulled , Bluebird Toys endured several hostile take-over attempts until Mattel finally purchased them later that year .
They gave a new spin on fashion dolls ; instead of traditional cloth clothing , Polly Pockets used unique `` Polly Stretch '' garments , created by Genie Toys , rubbery plastic clothes that could be put on the dolls and removed .
Polly was first designed by Chris Wiggs in 1983 for his daughter Kate .
, which used the same characters from the new Polly Pocket -LRB- Polly , Lea , Shani , Lila , etc. -RRB- , but they came in the form of 3 Â 3\/4 inch -LRB- 9.5 cm -RRB- plastic jointed dolls .
Using a powder compact , he fashioned a small house for the tiny doll .
The new Polly doll is larger and has a more life-like appearance than the original dolls .
Mattel held a distribution arrangement with Bluebird Toys for Polly Pocket items in the early-1990s .
That same year , Mattel also introduced Fashion Polly !
Bluebird Toys of Swindon , England licensed the concept and the first Polly Pocket appeared in stores in 1989 .
Polly Pocket is a toy line of dolls and accessories .
The name comes from the fact that many of the original Polly Pocket dolls came in pocket-size cases .
In 1999 , Mattel redesigned Polly and created a new series of collectible items .
She 's So Unusual is the debut studio album by American pop singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper , released in 1983 by Portrait Records -LRB- see 1983 in music -RRB- .
Fayet is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy northern France .
Their primary motivations for leaving the Cape were to escape British rule and extract themselves from the constant border wars between the British imperial government and the native tribes on the eastern frontier .
Prague is a city in Lincoln County , Oklahoma , United States .
Barry Ferguson MBE -LRB- born 2 February 1978 -RRB- is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder .
He plays for Premier League club Birmingham City .
Dalembert decided to travel to Haiti to help with relief efforts following the 2010 Haitian earthquake . He also pledged $ 100,000 to UNICEF .
Pleujouse is a village and a former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Ricki Pamela Lake -LRB- born September 21 , 1968 -RRB- is an American actress and television host , best known for her starring role as Tracy Turnblad in the original Hairspray and for her talk show .
Kiyotaka Matsui -LRB- born January 4 , 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Kornwestheim is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg , Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
Christopher Marlowe was the first English author to make full use of the potential of blank verse , and also established it as the dominant verse form for English drama in the age of Elizabeth I and James I. The major achievements in English blank verse were made by William Shakespeare , who wrote much of the content of his plays in unrhymed iambic pentameter , and Milton , whose Paradise Lost is written in blank verse . Miltonic blank verse was widely imitated in the 18th century by such poets as James Thomson -LRB- in The Seasons -RRB- and William Cowper -LRB- in The Task -RRB- .
Among American poets , Hart Crane and Wallace Stevens are notable for using blank verse in extended compositions at a time when many other poets were turning to free verse .
The first documented use of blank verse in the English language was by Henry Howard , Earl of Surrey in his interpretation of the Ã neid -LRB- c. 1554 -RRB- . He was possibly inspired by the Latin original , as classical Latin verse -LRB- as well as Greek verse -RRB- did not use rhyme ; or he may have been inspired by the Italian verse form of Versi Sciolti , which also contained no rhyme .
Minnesota was admitted to the Union on May 11 , 1858 .
As of July 7 , 2009 , Minnesota has had 40 senators serve in the US Senate .
The best known example of planetshine is earthshine , which can be seen from Earth when the Moon is a thin crescent .
The phenomenon known as planetshine occurs when reflected sunlight from a planet illuminates the night side of one of its moons .
Evaporation is especially high in its eastern half , causing the water level to decrease and salinity to increase eastward .
Evaporation greatly exceeds precipitation and river runoff in the Mediterranean , a fact that is central to the water circulation within the basin .
The Sea of Marmara is often considered a part of the Mediterranean Sea , whereas the Black Sea is generally not .
The Mediterranean is characterized and immediately recognized by its deep blue color .
The combination of similarly shared climate , geology and access to a common sea has led to numerous historical and cultural connections between the ancient and modern societies around the Mediterranean .
As a sea around which some of the most ancient human civilizations were arranged , it has had a major influence on the history and ways of life of these cultures .
It provided a way of trade , colonization and war , and was the basis of life -LRB- via fishing and the gathering of other seafood -RRB- for numerous communities throughout the ages .
The Mediterranean Sea is connected to the Atlantic Ocean by the Strait of Gibraltar on the west and to the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea , by the Dardanelles and the Bosporus respectively , on the east .
This pressure gradient pushes relatively cool , low-salinity water from the Atlantic across the basin ; it warms and becomes saltier as it travels east , then sinks in the region of the Levant and circulates westward , to spill over the Strait of Gibraltar .
Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea 's properties ; for instance , tides are very limited as a result of the narrow connection with the Atlantic Ocean .
Thus , seawater flow is eastward in the Strait 's surface waters , and westward below ; once in the Atlantic , this chemically distinct `` Mediterranean Intermediate Water '' can persist thousands of kilometers away from its source .
Gerald `` Jerry '' Wexler -LRB- January 10 , 1917 -- August 15 , 2008 -RRB- was a music journalist turned music producer , and was regarded as one of the major record industry players behind music from the 1950s through the 1980s .
He coined the term `` rhythm and blues '' , and was integral in signing and\/or producing many of the biggest acts of the last 50 years , including Ray Charles , the Allman Brothers , Chris Connor , Aretha Franklin , Led Zeppelin , Wilson Pickett , Dusty Springfield and Bob Dylan .
Wexler was inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
The Province of Asti -LRB- It . Provincia di Asti -RRB- is a province in the Piedmont region of northern Italy .
The New York Dragons were an Arena Football League -LRB- AFL -RRB- team based in the New York metropolitan area .
Backlash -LRB- 2006 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on April 30 , 2006 at the Rupp Arena in Lexington , Kentucky .
Cannes -LRB- , in Occitan Canas -RRB- is one of the best-known cities of the French Riviera , a busy tourist destination and host of the annual Cannes Film Festival . It is a Communes of France in the Alpes-Maritimes department .
Rognac is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
By 1966 , when Thant was reappointed , all the big powers , in a unanimous vote of the Security Council , affirmed the importance of the secretary-generalship and his good offices , a clear tribute to Thant 's work .
U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last-minute peace effort .
He was chosen for the post when his predecessor , Dag HammarskjÃ ld , died in September 1961 .
In an editorial published around December 27 , 1971 , praising U Thant , The New York Times stated that `` the wise counsel of this dedicated man of peace will still be needed after his retirement '' .
For many weeks , the UN Security Council was deadlocked over the search for a successor before finally settling on Kurt Waldheim to succeed U Thant as secretary-general on December 21 , 1971 â '' Waldheim 's 53rd birthdayâ '' and just ten days before U Thant 's second term was to end .
From 1951 to 1957 , Thant was secretary to the prime minister , writing speeches for U Nu , arranging his foreign travel , and meeting foreign visitors .
On the day of U Thant 's funeral on December 5 , 1974 , tens of thousands of people lined the streets of Rangoon to pay their last respects to their distinguished countryman , whose coffin was displayed at Rangoon 's Kyaikasan race course for a few hours before the scheduled burial .
He was widely criticized in the US and Israel for agreeing to pull UN troops out of the Sinai in 1967 in response to a request from Egyptian president Nasser .
His term of office continued until December 31 , 1971 , when he retired .
U Thant -LRB- ; ; Ë uË Ë Î É ` Ë nt ; January 22 , 1909 â `` November 25 , 1974 -RRB- was a Burmese diplomat and the third Secretary-General of the United Nations , from 1961 to 1971 .
His secret attempts at direct peace talks between Washington and Hanoi were eventually rejected by the Johnson Administration .
Martial law was declared in Rangoon and the surrounding metropolitan areas .
Unlike his two predecessors , Thant retired after ten years on speaking terms with all the big powers .
In the following year he was appointed secretary to the government of Burma in the Ministry of Information .
He also established many of the UN 's development and environmental agencies , funds and programs , including the UN Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- , the UN University , UNCTAD , United Nations Institute for Training and Research -LRB- UNITAR -RRB- , and the UN Environmental Programme .
In his farewell address to the United Nations General Assembly , Secretary-General U Thant stated that he felt a `` great sense of relief bordering on liberation '' on relinquishing the `` burdens of office '' .
During his time in office , he oversaw the entry into the UN of dozens of new Asian and African states and was a firm opponent of apartheid in South Africa .
From 1957 to 1961 , he was Burma 's permanent representative to the United Nations and became actively involved in negotiations over Algerian independence .
Thant followed UFO reports with some interest ; in 1967 , he arranged for American atmospheric physicist James E. McDonald to speak before the UN 's Outer Space Affairs Group regarding UFOs .
His once good relationship with the US government deteriorated rapidly when he publicly criticized American conduct of the Vietnam War .
In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant , in reference to his home town of Pantanaw .
By that time Burma was ruled by a military junta which refused him any honors .
Ne Win also resented U Thant 's close links with the democratic government of U Nu which Ne Win had overthrown in a coup d'etat on March 2 , 1962 .
The Six Day War between Arab countries and Israel , the Prague Spring and subsequent Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia , and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 leading to the birth of Bangladesh all took place during his tenure as secretary-general .
Ne Win ordered that U Thant be buried without any official involvement or ceremony .
The editorial was titled `` The Liberation of U Thant '' .
During this first term he was widely credited for his role in defusing the Cuban Missile Crisis and for ending the civil war in the Congo .
`` Thant '' was his only name .
He was then unanimously appointed secretary-general by the General Assembly on November 30 , 1962 , for a term of office ending on November 3 , 1966 .
In 1978 , U Thant 's memoirs , View from the UN , were posthumously published , initially by the American publishing house Doubleday .
During the period of December 5 â `` 11 , 1974 , the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches .
Thant began serving as acting Secretary-General from November 3 , 1961 , when he was unanimously appointed by the General Assembly , on the recommendation of the Security Council in Resolution 168 , to fill the unexpired term of Dag HammarskjÃ ld .
U Thant died of lung cancer in New York on November 25 , 1974 .
When U Nu became the prime minister of the newly independent Burma , he asked Thant to join him in Rangoon and appointed him director of broadcasting in 1948 .
The student demonstrators buried U Thant on the former grounds of the Rangoon University Students Union -LRB- RUSU -RRB- , which Ne Win had dynamited and destroyed on July 8 , 1962 .
In the early morning hours of December 11 , 1974 , government troops stormed the campus , killed some of the students guarding the makeshift mausoleum , removed U Thant 's coffin , and reburied it at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda , where it has continued to lie .
On January 23 , 1971 , U Thant categorically announced that he would `` under no circumstances '' be available for a third term as secretary-general .
In 1961 , when he was first appointed , the Soviet Union had tried to insist on a troika formula of three secretaries-general , one representing each Cold War bloc , something which would have maintained equality in the United Nations between the superpowers .
The then Burmese president Ne Win was envious of U Thant 's international stature and the respect that was accorded him by the Burmese populace .
U Thant was re-appointed secretary-general of the United Nations by the General Assembly on December 2 , 1966 , on the unanimous recommendation of the Security Council .
From the United Nations headquarters in New York where he was laid in state , U Thant 's body was flown back to Rangoon , but no guard of honor or high ranking officials were on hand at the airport when the coffin arrived except for U Aung Tun , deputy minister of education , who was subsequently dismissed from office .
The coffin of U Thant was then snatched by a group of students just before it was scheduled to leave for burial in an ordinary Rangoon cemetery .
In 1961 , the Burmese government awarded him the title Maha Thray Sithu as a commander in the order of Pyidaungsu Sithu .
Upon hearing of the storming of the Rangoon University campus and the forcible removal of U Thant 's coffin , many people rioted in the streets of Rangoon .
`` U '' is an honorific in Burmese , roughly equal to `` Mr '' .
What has come to be known as the U Thant Crisisâ '' the student-led protests over the shabby treatment of U Thant by the Ne Win governmentâ '' was crushed by the Burmese government .
Cerseuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In an interaction known as the Fujiwhara effect , the broad circulation of the secondary low swung the primary nor ` easter northwestward towards southern New York and New England .
Deemed a `` hybrid storm '' , the cyclone rapidly intensified in warm waters of up to 80 F from the Gulf Stream combined with a cold air mass over the United States .
On December 23 and 24 , the nor ` easter intensified to attain a barometric pressure of 970 m. An upper-level low pressure system that developed behind the storm began to intensify and grew to be larger in size than the original disturbance .
Despite these indications of tropical characteristics , `` There was no front associated with it and it had a warm core , but the radius of maximum winds was more than 150 n , so under the standard NHC criteria it did n't qualify as a tropical storm . ''
On December 25 , the system began to rapidly weaken as it moved towards Nova Scotia , before the pair of low pressure systems moved out to sea in tandem in the early hours of December 26 .
The Christmas 1994 nor ` easter was an intense cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada .
The original low passed along the south shore of Long Island , and made landfall near New York City on December 24 .
Subsequently , it moved over southeastern New York State .
The storm originated in an upper-level low pressure system that moved southeastward from the central Great Plains into the Deep South of the United States .
It developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast Gulf of Mexico near the Florida Keys , and moved across the state of Florida .
National Hurricane Center forecaster Jack Beven noted that `` as it moved out into the Bahamas , it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm . ''
Chorlton-on-Medlock is an inner city area of Manchester , England .
The Cardcaptor Sakura manga series was popular with Japanese readers , ranking among the top five sellers during its release .
Sakura passes the test and becomes the new master of the Clow Cards .
The Vietnam national football team is the national football team representing Vietnam and is managed by the Vietnam Football Federation .
Hornussen is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In modern times , the largest known prime has almost always been a Mersenne prime .
Fast algorithms for finding Mersenne primes are available , and the largest known prime numbers as of 2009 are Mersenne primes .
In the 4th century BC , Euclid demonstrated that if M ' p is a Mersenne prime then
While it is true that only Mersenne numbers M ` p , where p = 2 , 3 , 5 , â could be prime , often M ' p is not prime even for a prime exponent p. The smallest counterexample is the Mersenne number
Mersenne primes are interesting to many for their connection to perfect numbers .
The lack of an obvious rule to determine whether a given Mersenne number is prime makes the search for Mersenne primes an interesting task , which becomes difficult very quickly , since Mersenne numbers grow very rapidly .
This rules out primality for numbers such as M4 = 24 â ' 1 = 15 : since the exponent 4 = 2 Ã -- 2 is composite , the theorem predicts that 15 is also composite ; indeed , 15 = 3 Ã -- 5 .
A Mersenne prime is a Mersenne number that is prime .
Saint-Andr Ã - d' HÃ bertot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Cosplay becomes much more popular .
No treaty was signed , and the war resumed after a few days .
Ceasefires may be declared as part of a formal treaty , but they have also been called as part of an informal understanding between opposing forces .
A ceasefire -LRB- or truce -RRB- is a temporary stoppage of a war in which each side agrees with the other to suspend aggressive actions .
Then-Pakistani President and ex-Army Chief of Staff Pervez Musharraf promised in 2002 to curb infiltration into the disputed territory .
During World War I , on December 24 , 1914 , there was an unofficial ceasefire as France , the United Kingdom , and Germany observed Christmas .
Pakistan 's government has repeatedly claimed that India is violating the Simla Agreement by constructing a fence along the Line of Control in the Kashmir Conflict .
The Laramie Boomerang is Laramie 's main newspaper .
Laramie is the county seat of Albany County and houses county offices , courts , and the county library .
Laramie is a city in and the county seat of Albany County , Wyoming , United States .
Owing to the presence of the University of Wyoming , voters in Albany County and the City of Laramie support the Democratic Party in elections with much more frequency than does the state of Wyoming as a whole .
Transport in the London Borough of Barnet .
On April 6 , 2009 , Saskatchewan premier Brad Wall signed a proclamation that declared April 13 , 2009 -LRB- and the same day every year after -RRB- , `` Corner Gas Day '' in Saskatchewan .
Oxford is a city in Johnson County , Iowa , United States .
The area contains an extensive Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city newly -- established and built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty -LRB- c. 1353 BC -RRB- , and abandoned shortly afterwards .
Akhetaten means `` Horizon of the Aten . ''
The name for the city employed by the ancient Egyptians is written as Akhetaten -LRB- or Akhetaton â `` transliterations vary -RRB- in English transliteration .
The West Australian -LRB- often simply called The West -RRB- is the only locally-edited daily newspaper published in Perth , Western Australia , and is owned by ASX-listed West Australian Newspapers Holdings Ltd .
It is the second-oldest continuously-produced newspaper in Australia , having been published since 1833 .
The name `` Tainan '' means `` Southern Taiwan '' .
Year 1200 -LRB- MCC -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
Since the ball could only be moved up the court via a pass early players tossed the ball over their heads as they ran up court .
James A. Naismith -LRB- November 6 , 1861 â `` November 28 , 1939 -RRB- was a Canadian and American sports coach and innovator .
After the Olympic introduction to male athletes in 1936 , women 's basketball became an Olympic event in Montreal during the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Both practices are obsolete in the rules of modern basketball .
To play duck on a rock most effectively , Naismith soon found out that a soft lobbing shot was far more effective than a straight hard throw , a thought which later proved essential for the invention of basketball .
In these early days , the majority of the basketball games were played against nearby YMCA teams , with YMCA 's across the nation having played an integral part in the birth of basketball .
He played center on the football team , introduced the first football helmet into regular play and won multiple Wicksteed medals for outstanding gymnastics performances .
Nevertheless , Naismith has one of the greatest coaching legacies in basketball history , as he coached Basketball Hall of Fame coach Phog Allen , who himself coached Hall of Fame coaches Dean Smith , Adolph Rupp , and Ralph Miller at the University of Kansas .
Polls conducted by ESPN and the Associated Press named basketball player Michael Jordan respectively first and second greatest North American athlete of the 20th century , and both polls featured fellow basketballers Wilt Chamberlain -LRB- of KU , like Naismith -RRB- and Bill Russell in the Top 20 .
Naismith 's contributions to basketball have earned him several posthumous honors , such as in the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame and the FIBA Hall of Fame .
However , basketball became a demonstration sport at the 1904 Games in St. Louis , USA .
Also , following each `` goal '' a jump ball was taken in the middle of the court .
The National Collegiate Athletic Association rewards its best players and coaches annually with the Naismith Awards , among them the Naismith College Player of the Year , the Naismith College Coach of the Year and the Naismith Prep Player of the Year .
Basketball is today played by more than 300 million people worldwide , making it one of the most popular team sports .
The couple had five children : Margaret Mason -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , Helen Carolyn -LRB- 1897 -RRB- , John Edwin -LRB- 1900 -RRB- , Maude Ann -LRB- 1904 -RRB- and James Sherman -LRB- 1913 -RRB- .
Other common opponents were Haskell Indian Nations University and William Jewell College .
In North America , basketball has produced some of the most-admired athletes of the 20th century .
The three coaches have joined Naismith as members of the Basketball Hall of Fame .
The Naismith Memorial Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts , is named in his honor , and he was an inaugural induction in 1959 .
Struggling in school but gifted in farm labor , Naismith spent his days outside playing catch , hide-and-seek , or duck on a rock , a medieval game in which a person guards a large drake stone from opposing players , who try to knock it down by throwing smaller stones at it .
Naismith was not initially hired to coach basketball , but rather as a chapel director and physical education instructor .
By 1892 , basketball had grown so popular on campus that Dennis Horkenbach -LRB- editor-in-chief of The Triangle , the Springfield college newspaper -RRB- featured it in an article called `` A New Game '' , and there were calls to call this new game `` Naismith Ball '' , but Naismith refused .
Most of the fouls were called for running with the ball , though tackling the man with the ball was not uncommon . ''
Instead , he was more interested in his physical education career , receiving an honorary PE Masters degree in 1910 , patrolled the Mexican border for four months in 1916 during World War I , traveled to France , published two books -LRB- `` A Modern College '' in 1911 and `` Essence of a Healthy Life '' in 1918 -RRB- and took on American citizenship in 1925 .
The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts , was named in Naismith 's honor .
Naismith earned a BA in Physical Education -LRB- 1888 -RRB- and a Diploma at the Presbyterian College in Montreal -LRB- 1890 -RRB- .
He wrote the original basketball rulebook , founded the University of Kansas basketball program , and lived to see basketball adopted as an Olympic demonstration sport in 1904 and as an official event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
Naismith was also inducted into the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame , FIBA Hall of Fame , and The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame , which was named in his honor .
The University of Kansas men 's basketball program officially began in 1898 , following Naismith 's arrival , just six years after Naismith penned the sport 's first official rules .
Naismith was 78 years old .
He invented the sport of basketball in 1891 and is often credited with introducing the first football helmet .
Under Naismith , the team played only three current Big 12 schools : Nebraska -LRB- six times -RRB- , Missouri -LRB- twice -RRB- , and Kansas State -LRB- once -RRB- .
Naismith christened this new game `` Basket Ball '' and put his thoughts together in 13 basic rules .
In 1937 , Naismith played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball , which later became the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics -LRB- NAIA -RRB- .
In his later years , Naismith became Professor Emeritus in Kansas and retired in 1937 at the age of 76 .
In his attempt to think up a new game , Naismith was guided by three main thoughts .
Naismith died in 1939 after he suffered a fatal brain hemorrhage and was buried in Lawrence , Kansas .
During the Olympics , he was named the Honorary President of the International Basketball Federation .
From 1891 on , Naismith taught physical education and became the first McGill director of athletics , but then left Montreal to become a physical education teacher at the YMCA International Training School in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Instead , Allen embarked on a coaching career that would lead him to be known as `` the Father of Basketball Coaching . ''
Naismith Hall , a college residential dormitory , is located on the northeastern edge of 19th Street and Naismith Drive .
It is a separated , four-lane road that runs north and south from University Drive south to its end at 24th street , just south of the KU campus .
The first game of `` Basket Ball '' was played in December 1891 .
When Naismith returned he commented that seeing the game played by many nations was the greatest compensation he could have received for his invention .
Secondly , he saw that most physical contact occurred while running with the ball , dribbling or hitting it , so he decided that passing was the only legal option .
However , Naismith coached Forrest `` Phog '' Allen , his eventual successor at Kansas , who went on to join his mentor in the Basketball Hall of Fame .
Naismith is buried with his first wife in Memorial Park Cemetery in Lawrence , KS .
To score goals , he forced the players to throw a soft lobbing shot that had proven effective in his old favorite game duck on a rock .
Including his years as coach , Naismith served as athletic director and faculty at the school for a total of almost 40 years .
Maude Naismith died in 1937 , and on June 11 , 1939 , he married his second wife Florence B. Kincaid .
This was about 10 feet from the floor , one at each end of the gymnasium .
In 1898 , Naismith became the first college basketball coach of the University of Kansas basketball team .
In 1935 , the National Association of Basketball Coaches -LRB- created by Naismith 's pupil Phog Allen -RRB- collected money so that the 74-year old Naismith could witness the introduction of basketball into the official Olympic sports program of the 1936 Summer Olympic Games .
There , Naismith handed out the medals to three North American teams ; United States , for the Gold Medal , Canada , for the Silver Medal , and Mexico , for their Bronze medal win .
In Lawrence , Kansas , James Naismith has a road named in his honor , Naismith Drive , which runs in front of Allen Fieldhouse -LRB- the official address of Allen Fieldhouse is 1700 Naismith Drive -RRB- , the university 's basketball facility .
When Allen became a coach himself and told him that he was going to coach basketball at Baker University in 1904 , Naismith discouraged him : `` You ca n't coach basketball ; you just play it . ''
On June 20 , 1894 , Naismith married Maude E. Sherman from Springfield .
The university also named the court in Allen Fieldhouse , James Naismith Court in his honor .
I then put the 13 rules on the bulletin board just behind the instructor 's platform , secured a soccer ball and awaited the arrival of the class ... The class did not show much enthusiasm but followed my lead ... I then explained what they had to do to make goals , tossed the ball up between the two center men & tried to keep them somewhat near the rules .
Although described as a slight figure , standing 5 foot 10 Â 1\/2 and listed at 168 pounds , he was a talented and versatile athlete , representing McGill in Canadian football , soccer and gymnastics .
By the turn of the century , there were enough college teams in the East of the U.S. that the first intercollegiate competitions could be played out .
Firstly , he analyzed the most popular games of those times -LRB- rugby , lacrosse , soccer , football , hockey and baseball -RRB- ; Naismith noticed the hazards of a small fast ball and concluded that the big soft soccer ball was safest .
Although his sport continuously grew , Naismith long regarded his game as a curiosity and preferred gymnastics and wrestling as better forms of physical education .
Naismith suffered a major brain hemorrhage on November 19 the same year and died nine days later in his home located in Lawrence , Kansas .
From Springfield , Naismith went to Denver where he acquired a medical degree and in 1898 he joined the University of Kansas faculty at Lawrence , Kansas after coaching at Baker University .
Finally , Naismith further reduced body contact by making the goal unguardable , namely placing it high above the player 's heads .
When Dean Smith retired as head Basketball coach at North Carolina he was the winningest coach in college basketball history , # 2 was Adolph Rupp -LRB- Kentucky -RRB- and # 3 was Allen .
By 1893 , basketball was introduced internationally by the YMCA movement .
Posthumously , his masterwork `` Basketball â '' its Origins and Development '' was published in 1941 .
Naismith was , ironically , the only coach in the program 's history to have a losing record -LRB- 55 â `` 60 -RRB- .
Orphaned early in his life , Naismith lived with his aunt and uncle for many years and attended grade school at Bennies Corners near Almonte . Then he enrolled in Almonte High School , from which he graduated in 1883 .
In a handwritten report , Naismith described the circumstances of the inaugural match ; in contrast to modern basketball , the players played nine versus nine , handled a soccer ball , not a basketball , and instead of shooting at two hoops , the goals were a pair of peach baskets : `` When Mr. Stubbins brot -LRB- sic -RRB- up the peach baskets to the gym I secured them on the inside of the railing of the gallery .
As the Basketball Hall of Fame reports , Naismith was also neither interested in self-promotion nor in the glory of competitive sports .
During his time at Kansas , Allen coached Dean Smith -LRB- 1952 National Championship team -RRB- and Adolph Rupp -LRB- 1922 Helms Foundation National Championship team -RRB- .
Under orders from Dr. Luther Gulick , head of Springfield YMCA Physical Education , Naismith was given 14 days to create an indoor game that would provide an `` athletic distraction '' : Gulick demanded that it would not take up much room , could help its track athletes to keep in shape and explicitly emphasized to `` make it fair for all players and not too rough . ''
Naismith was born in 1861 in Ramsay Township -LRB- now Almonte , Ontario -RRB- .
He was a member of the Pi Gamma Mu and Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternities , and regarding his spiritual beliefs , Naismith is remembered as a Freemason .
In the same year , Naismith entered McGill University in Montreal .
Danelectro is an American manufacturer of musical instruments and accessories , specializing in rock instruments such as guitars , bass guitars , amplifiers and effects units .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 ; throughout the late 1940s , the company produced amplifiers for Sears , Roebuck and Company and Montgomery Ward . In 1954 , Danelectro started producing the Danelectro lines of solidbody electric guitars and amplifiers .
In 1990 , the band was joined by a new bassist , Ben Shepherd .
The album brought the band to a new level of commercial success , and Soundgarden found itself amidst the sudden popularity and attention given to the Seattle music scene .
Superunknown , released in 1994 , debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and launched several successful singles , including `` Spoonman '' and `` Black Hole Sun '' .
In 1989 , the band released its first album for a major label , Louder Than Love .
In 1996 , the band released its fifth studio album , Down on the Upside ; while successful , the album could not emulate the precedent set by Superunknown .
Soundgarden was formed in 1984 by vocalist Chris Cornell , guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
In 1988 , the band signed with legendary punk record label SST Records and released its debut full-length album , Ultramega OK .
Soundgarden has sold eight million records in the US , and an estimated twenty million worldwide .
The band signed with the independent label Sub Pop and released the Screaming Life EP in 1987 and the Fopp EP in 1988 .
In 1997 , the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction .
The band 's next album was to be its breakthrough .
The band subsequently signed with A&M Records , becoming the first grunge band to sign with a major label .
The discography of Soundgarden , a Seattle , Washington-based grunge band , consists of five studio albums , one live album , three compilation albums , five extended plays -LRB- EP -RRB- , and eighteen singles .
The new line-up released Badmotorfinger in 1991 .
This list does not include material recorded by Soundgarden band members with Skin Yard , Temple of the Dog , Pearl Jam , Hater , Wellwater Conspiracy , or Audioslave .
Saint-Amand is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The word Naib means assistant or deputy whilst Nazim is similar to a mayor , hence Naib Nazim is similar in function to a deputy mayor .
A Naib Nazim , or deputy Nazim , is an elected government official in Pakistan .
In many cases , at least a portion of the rails are placed in tunnels dug beneath the surface of a city .
Many systems combine Metro with other types of transit .
Underground , subway and metro are common names for a form of mass transit public transport system employing trains .
Lavazan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It can jump and climb exceptionally well , which enables it to catch hyraxes better than probably any other carnivore .
It is best known for its spectacular skill at hunting birds , able to snatch a bird in flight , sometimes more than one at a time .
Game drives in countries such as Kenya and Botswana widely encounter other animals , but a sighting of a caracal is extremely rare .
The hade angle is defined as the complement of the dip angle ; it is the angle between the fault plane and a vertical plane that strikes parallel to the fault .
Charsadda is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan that contains the town of Charsadda .
Its county seat is Louisburg .
Franklin County is home to the two-year Methodist-affiliated Louisburg College and to a satellite campus of Vance-Granville Community College .
Franklin County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
It was named for Benjamin Franklin .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
As of 2000 , the population was 47,260 .
The county was formed in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County .
The Legacy of Heorot is a science fiction novel written in 1987 by Larry Niven , Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes .
Within a very short period of time , they all become grendels . Instead of a few dozen grendels , there are now thousands .
Riedholz is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Chouain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Hoxie is a city in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States .
It sparked several spin-offs including Viva La Bam , Wildboyz , Homewrecker , Dr. Steve-O and Blastazoid .
Jackass is an American stunt and prank show , originally shown on MTV from 2000 to 2002 , featuring people performing various dangerous , crude , ridiculous , and self-injuring stunts and pranks .
He said that Jackass 2.5 is a compilation DVD of stunts that did not make it to Jackass Number 2 .
Aside from these described species , there are approximately 100 more that have been collected and not yet described .
The animals have two sexes as adults .
Three species of Loricifera have been found in the sediments at the bottom of the L'Atalante basin in Mediterranean Sea , more than 3,000 meters down , the first multicellular organisms known to spend their entire lives in an oxygen-free environment .
They are found at all depths , in different sediment types , and in all latitudes .
Their size ranges from 100 Â m to ca .
They are characterised by a protective outer case called a lorica and their habitat , which is in the spaces between marine gravel to which they attach themselves .
They are among the most recently discovered groups of Metazoans .
They are able to do this because they rely on hydrogenosomes -LRB- or similar organelles -RRB- instead of on mitochondria for energy .
Very complex and plastic life cycles of pliciloricids include also paedogenetic stages with different forms of parthenogenetic reproduction .
The first specimen was collected in the 1970s , and later described in 1983 .
They attach themselves quite firmly to the substratum , and hence remained undiscovered for so long .
The animals have a head , mouth and digestive system as well as a lorica .
ChuckleVision is a British television children 's entertainment program .
All episodes of series 13 were originally 20 minutes long but in 2004 the BBC cut them down to 15 minutes to suit their schedule .
Lavaqueresse is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Prouvais is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Caviar , sometimes called black caviar , is a luxury delicacy , consisting of processed , salted , non-fertilized sturgeon roe .
In Russia , the concept generally includes both sturgeon roe -LRB- black caviar -RRB- and salmon roe -LRB- red caviar -RRB- , the former not necessarily superior to the latter .
Given its high price in the West , caviar is associated with luxury and wealth .
In North America they are referred to as `` English riding '' in contrast with western-style riding ; elsewhere in the world , if a distinction is necessary , they are usually described as `` classic riding '' :
Courgenay is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It had a seating capacity of 250 people , and was heated by two coal stoves at either end which shared a long , black chimney .
Dildo Island was one of the places designated for this purpose .
Dildo is a town on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada . It is located on the southeastern Dildo Arm of Trinity Bay about 60 kilometres west of St. John 's .
Dildo is home to a local church , All Saints ' Anglican Church . The first church building was constructed in 1878 .
It was a simple structure that had no tower and was 30 f wide by 80 f long .
In 1613 , Henry Crout , whilst sailing up Dildo Arm , came in contact with the Beothuks , who were residing on Dildo Island at this time .
He traded with them and left gifts .
The Dildo area has a long history , going as far back as 2000 BC when Maritime Archaic aboriginal people resided at Anderson 's Cove .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
By 700 AD Dorset had inhabited Dildo Island .
In 1711 the inhabitants of Trinity Bay were ordered by Governor Crow to leave their homes during the winter , to defend themselves against the French who burned their houses .
This church served the community until 1964 when the present -LRB- larger -RRB- building was constructed .
The town of Dildo was founded in the late 18th century and settled to exploit the abundance of marine resources such as fish -LRB- mostly cod -RRB- , whales and seals .
The four Gospels included in the New Testament have little to say about Mary Magdalene .
Widen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Tatsuya Ikeda is a Japanese football player currently playing for Oita Trinita .
Atsushi Yamaguchi -LRB- born 8 July 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The target username has made edits to Wikipedia .
The Rice White Stemborer -LRB- Scirpophaga innotata -RRB- is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
It is found in Indonesia , Pakistan , the Philippines and the tropical north of Australia .
Up until , not all points scored by a constructor contributed to their final World Championship tally -LRB- see list of points scoring systems for more information -RRB- .
Numbers without parentheses are Championship points ; numbers in parentheses are total points scored .
Season in progress .
^ Points total includes points scored by private entries .
The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix .
The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team .
McLaren lost all points in the 2007 Constructors Championship as a result of a World Motorsport Council decision over the 2007 Formula One espionage controversy .
Ryan Miller -LRB- born July 17 , 1980 -RRB- is an American ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kilwinning -LRB- Gaelic : Cill Fhinnean -RRB- is a historic town situated in North Ayrshire , Scotland .
It is known as The Crossroads of Ayrshire .
Idriss Carlos Kameni -LRB- born February 18 , 1984 in Douala -RRB- is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for RCD Espanyol in the Spanish first division , as a goalkeeper .
He plays for Fagiano Okayama .
Yasuhiro Nomoto -LRB- born 25 June 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Tokugawa Yoshinobu reluctantly became head of the Tokugawa house and shogun .
The political entity of this period was the Tokugawa shogunate . The Tokugawa shogunate was officially established in Edo on 24 March 1603 by the shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu .
Takeshi Yamaguchi is a Japanese footballer .
A trading post -LRB- or as frequently a trading fort in colonial contexts or circumstances -RRB- is a place or establishment where the trading of goods takes place .
Trading posts were also places for people to meet and exchange the news of the world or simply the news from their home country -LRB- many of the world 's trading posts were located in places which were popular destinations for emigration -RRB- in a time when not even newspapers existed .
The preferred travel route to a trading post or between trading posts , is known as a trade route .
The cathedral has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site along with nearby Durham Castle , which faces it across Palace Green , high above the River Wear .
So far reaching were the bishopâ s powers that the steward of Bishop Anthony Bek commented in 1299 AD : â There are two kings in England , namely the Lord King of England , wearing a crown in sign of his regality and the Lord Bishop of Durham wearing a mitre in place of a crown , in sign of his regality in the diocese of Durhamâ All this activity was administrated from the castle and buildings surrounding the Palace Green .
However , as the north east was so far from Westminster the bishops of Durham enjoyed extraordinary powers such as the ability to hold their own parliament , raise their own armies , appoint their own sheriffs and Justices , administer their own laws , levy taxes and customs duties , create fairs and markets , issue charters , salvage shipwrecks , collect revenue from mines , administer the forests and mint their own coins .
Durham is well known for its Norman Cathedral and 11th-century castle , and is home to Durham University .
It lies to the south of Newcastle Upon Tyne , Chester-le-Street and Sunderland and to the north of Darlington .
The Prince Bishops also had their own court system , most notably the Durham Court of Chancery .
The present city can clearly be traced back to AD 995 , when a group of monks from Lindisfarne chose the strategic high peninsula as a place to settle with the body of Saint Cuthbert , that had previously lain in Chester-le-Street , founding a church there .
In 1974 it was merged with Durham Rural District and Brandon and Byshottles Urban District to form the City of Durham district of County Durham .
It is within the County Durham local government district , and is the county town of the larger ceremonial county .
The county also had its own attorney general , whose authority to bring an indictment for criminal matters was tested by central government in the infamous case of Rex v. Mary Ann Cotton -LRB- 1832 -RRB- .
The courts and judicial posts for the county were curtailed by the Law Terms Act 1830 and finally abolished by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 .
Durhamâ s geographical position has always given it an important position in the defense of England against the Scots .
Before the Reformation the shrine of Saint Cuthbert , situated behind the High Altar of Durham Cathedral , was the most important religious site in England until the martyrdom of St Thomas Becket at Canterbury .
Every Bishop of Durham from 1071 to 1836 was a Prince Bishop except for the first Norman-appointed Bishop Walcher who was styled an Earl-Bishop .
Saint Bede 's bones are also entombed in the cathedral , drawing the mediaeval pilgrim to the city .
HM Prison Durham is also located close to the city center .
Despite a brief translation back to Holy Island during the Norman Invasion the saint 's relics remain enshrined to the present day .
The city has played an important part in the defense of the north and Durham Castle is the only Norman castle keep never to have suffered a breach .
The city suffered from a number of plague outbreaks in 1544 , 1589 and 1598 .
Henry VIII curtailed some of the Prince-Bishop 's powers and , in 1538 , ordered the destruction of the shrine of Saint Cuthbert .
The last Prince Bishop of Durham Bishop William Van Mildert credited with the foundation of Durham University .
The Battle of Neville 's Cross which took place near the city on 17 October 1346 between the English and Scots is the most famous battle of the age .
Archeological evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since roughly 2000 BC .
Durham -LRB- , locally -RRB- is a city in the North East of England .
The Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic -LRB- called Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic at the time -RRB- together with three other Soviet republics formed the Soviet Union , or USSR , on 30 December 1922 .
World-renown composers of the 20th century included also Alexander Scriabin , Igor Stravinsky , Sergei Prokofiev , Dmitri Shostakovich and Alfred Schnittke .
Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the predecessor of modern Russia , Kievan Rus ' , arose in the 9th century and adopted Orthodox Christianity from the Byzantine Empire in 988 , beginning the synthesis of Byzantine and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium .
On 2 March 2008 , Dmitry Medvedev was elected President of Russia , whilst Putin became Prime Minister .
95 % of the registered Orthodox parishes belong to the Russian Orthodox Church while there are a number of smaller Orthodox Churches .
The Grand Duchy of Moscow gradually reunified the surrounding Russian principalities , achieved independence from the Golden Horde , and came to dominate the cultural and political legacy of Kievan Rus ' .
The nation 's history began with that of the East Slavs , who emerged as a recognizable group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD .
Tatsuro Kimura -LRB- born 24 June 1984 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Egerkingen is a municipality in the district of GÃ u in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Final Fantasy X-2 is a console role-playing game developed and published by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- for Sony 's PlayStation 2 .
Final Fantasy X-2 set several precedents in the Final Fantasy series aside from being the first direct sequel in video game form and the second sequel in the franchise , after the anime Final Fantasy : Legend of the Crystals .
As with Final Fantasy X , an expanded international version was produced for Final Fantasy X-2 .
It was released in Japan shortly before the merger between Square and Enix .
Effingen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
During 1993 to 1996 , fourteen troops of lion-tailed macaque were observed in Silent Valley National Park , Kerala , one of the most undisturbed viable habitats left for the lion-tailed macaque .
With a head-to-tail length of 45 to 60 cm and a weight of 3 to 10 kg , it ranks among the smaller macaques .
The tail is medium length with a length of approximately 25 cm and is a black tuft at the end , similar to a lion 's tail .
368 of these Macaque are reported to live in zoos .
The lion-tailed macaque -LRB- Macaca silenus -RRB- is an Old World monkey that is endemic to the Western Ghats of South India .
It is a good climber and spends a majority of its life in the upper canopy of tropical moist evergreen forests .
Unlike other macaques , it avoids humans .
The hair of the Lion-tailed macaque is dark-brown or black .
Many zoos take part in breeding programs which help to secure the survival of this species .
It was invented between 1830 and 1850 by the Belgian polymath Adolphe Quetelet during the course of developing `` social physics '' .
In 1988 a NIH report concluded that a BMI over 25 is overweight and a BMI over 30 is obese . In the 1990s the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- decided that a BMI of 25 to 29 should be considered overweight and a BMI over 30 is obese , the standards the NIH set .
BMI does not actually measure the percentage of body fat .
The body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- , or Quetelet index , is a heuristic proxy for human body fat based on an individual 's weight and height . BMI does not actually measure the percentage of body fat .
BMI Prime , a simple modification of the BMI system , is the ratio of actual BMI to upper limit BMI -LRB- currently defined at BMI 25 -RRB- .
The WHO regard a BMI of less than 18.5 as underweight and may indicate malnutrition , an eating disorder , or other health problems , while a BMI greater than 25 is considered overweight and above 30 is considered obese .
In 1888 , Roux published the results of a series of defect experiments in which he took 2 and 4 cell frog embryos and killed half of the cells of each embryo with a hot needle .
His methodology was to interfere with developing embryos and observe the outcome .
This led him to propose his `` Mosaic '' theory of epigenesis : after a few cell divisions the embryo would be like a mosaic , each cell playing its own unique part in the entire design .
After a few years Roux 's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague Hans Driesch and later , with more precision , Hans Spemann showed that , as a rule , Driesch 's conclusions were correct , but that results like Roux 's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes .
Roux 's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics : he investigated the mechanisms of functional adaptations of bones , cartilage , and tendons to malformation and disease .
Wilhelm Roux -LRB- 9 June 1850 -- 15 September 1924 -RRB- was a German zoologist and pioneer of experimental embryology .
Despite this early lapse into a fallacy of reductionism , Roux 's pioneering mechanical methodology was to prove most fruitful in 20th century biology .
He reported that they grew into half-embryos and surmised that the separate function of the two cells had already been determined .
For ten years he worked in Breslau -LRB- now Wroclaw -RRB- , becoming director of his own Institute of Embryology in 1879 .
Roux 's investigations were performed mainly on frogs ' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development .
His goal was to show Darwinian processes at work on the cellular level .
He was professor at Innsbruck , Austria from 1889-95 , then accepted a professorial chair at the Anatomical Institute of the University of Halle , a post he retained until 1921 .
Gary Winston Lineker was born on 30 November 1960 in Leicester to Margaret P. -LRB- born Walsham , Norfolk -RRB- and Barry Lineker -LRB- both born 1939 -RRB- .
Oenothera is a genus of about 125 species of annual , biennial and perennial herbaceous flowering plants , native to North and South America .
Common names include evening-primrose , suncups , and sundrops .
It is the type genus of the family Onagraceae , the Evening Primrose Family .
The band got its name from the UFOs and various aerial phenomena that were reported by Allied aircraft pilots in World War II , which were known collectively as foo fighters . Prior to the release of the Foo Fighters ' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters , which featured Grohl as the only official member , Grohl drafted bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith , both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate , as well as fellow Nirvana touring bandmate Pat Smear as guitarist to complete the lineup .
This episode in the conquest and colonization of the Americas began in the early 16th century , but was a more difficult and lengthier exercise in subjugation than the equivalent campaigns against the Aztec and Inca Empires .
Except for the PetÃ n region and the Guatemalan highlands , Spanish control over YucatÃ n itself was effectively in place by 1547 even though as late as 1550 , there were only some 1,550 Spanish in all of the colonial provinces .
The Spanish conquest of YucatÃ n was the campaign undertaken by the Spanish conquistadores against the Late Postclassic Maya states and polities , particularly in the northern and central YucatÃ n Peninsula but also involving the Maya polities of the Guatemalan highlands region .
It would take some 170 years and the help of the Xiu Maya before the last recognized Maya stronghold fell , that of the Itza capital of Tayasal on Lake PetÃ n ItzÃ , in 1697 .
Benjamin Peter James Bradshaw -LRB- born 30 August 1960 -RRB- is a British Labor politician who has been the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Exeter since 1997 , and served in the Cabinet as Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport .
Ergastic substances may appear in the protoplasm , in vacuoles , or in the cell wall .
The living protoplasm of a cell is sometimes called the bioplasm and distinct from the ergastic substances of the cell .
The latter are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism , and include crystals , oil drops , gums , tannins , resins and other compounds that can aid the organism in defense , maintenance of cellular structure , or just substance storage .
Ergastic substances are non-protoplasm materials found in cells .
The Philadelphia Inquirer is a morning daily newspaper that serves the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area of the United States .
The newspaper was founded by John R. Walker and John Norvell in June 1829 as The Pennsylvania Inquirer and is the third-oldest surviving daily newspaper in the United States .
The Philadelphia Inquirer was founded as The Pennsylvania Inquirer by printer John R. Walker and John Norvell , former editor of Philadelphia 's largest newspaper , the Aurora & Gazette .
Owned by Philadelphia Media Network , The Inquirer has the nineteenth largest average weekday U.S. newspaper circulation and has won eighteen Pulitzer Prizes .
Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book written by Gail Carson Levine and published in 1997 .
The story is a retelling of Cinderella featuring various mythical creatures including fairies , elves , ogres , gnomes , and giants .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman OBE -LRB- born 6 September 1974 -RRB- is a British retired professional tennis player and former British Number One .
Britt Max Mayfield -LRB- born on September 19 , 1948 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma -RRB- is a meteorologist who served as the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007 .
As director , Mayfield became a trusted voice in preparing for weather-related disasters , particularly those involving tropical storms and hurricanes .
The Volkswagen Corrado is a hatchback coupÃ developed by German automaker Volkswagen and built by Karmann in OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck , Germany , between 1 September 1988 and 31 July 1995 .
Thracian troops were known to accompany neighboring ruler Alexander the Great when he crossed the Hellespont which abuts Thrace , and took on the Persian Empire of the day .
The name comes from the Thracians , an ancient Indo-European people inhabiting Central , Eastern and Southeastern Europe .
The Thracians did not describe themselves as such and Thrace and Thracians are simply the names given them by the Greeks .
Recently discovered funeral mounds in Bulgaria suggest that Thracian kings did rule regions of Thrace with distinct Thracian national identity .
The indigenous population of Thrace was a people called the Thracians , divided into numerous tribal groups .
Thrace -LRB- , adjective Thracian is or \/ Ë Î reÉ Ê iâ É n \/ , , , -RRB- is a historical and geographic area in southeast Europe .
Like Illyrians , Thracian tribes of the mountainous regions fostered a locally ruled warrior tradition , while the tribes based in the plains were purportedly more peaceable .
Divided into separate tribes , the Thracians did not manage to form a lasting political organization until the Odrysian state was founded in the 4th century BC .
The areas it comprises are southeastern Bulgaria -LRB- Northern Thrace -RRB- , northeastern Greece -LRB- Western Thrace -RRB- , and the European part of Turkey -LRB- Eastern Thrace -RRB- .
Bestselling American novelist Dean Koontz was born in Everett .
Dan Blocker -LRB- December 10 , 1928 â `` May 13 , 1972 -RRB- was an American actor best remembered for his role as Eric `` Hoss '' Cartwright in the NBC western television blockbuster Bonanza .
An aftershock is a smaller earthquake that occurs after a previous large earthquake , in the same area of the main shock .
Aftershocks occur with a pattern that follows Omori 's law .
In 1894 , Fusakichi Omori published his work on the aftershocks of earthquakes , in which he stated that aftershock frequency decreases by roughly the reciprocal of time after the main shock .
Months prior to arriving in Jerilderie , and with help from Joe Byrne , Ned Kelly dictated a lengthy letter for publication describing his view of his activities and the treatment of his family and , more generally , the treatment of Irish Catholics by the police and the English and Irish Protestant squatters .
Kelly also burned all the townspeople 's mortgage deeds in the bank .
It was displayed at the Old Melbourne Gaol until it was stolen in December 1978 .
The other Kelly Gang members died in the hotel ; Joe Byrne perished as a result of loss of blood from a gunshot wound that severed his femoral artery as he allegedly stood at the bar pouring himself a glass of whisky , Dan Kelly and Steve Hart committed suicide -LRB- according to witness Matthew Gibney -RRB- .
When the other two police returned to camp , Constable McIntyre , at Ned 's direction , called on them to surrender .
While Dan Kelly and Steve Hart kept the hostages busy with `` drinks on the house '' , Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne robbed the local bank of Â # 2,414 .
On 25 October 1878 , Sergeant Kennedy set off to search for the Kellys , accompanied by Constables McIntyre , Lonigan , and Scanlon .
On 10 December 1878 , the gang raided the National Bank at Euroa .
They got into the bank and held up the manager , Scott , and his two tellers .
Sir Redmond Barry died of the effects of a carbuncle on his neck on 23 November 1880 , twelve days after Kelly .
The police suffered only one minor injury : Superintendent Francis Hare , the senior officer on the scene , received a slight wound to his wrist , then fled the battle .
After obtaining all the money available , the outlaws ordered Scott , along with his wife , family , maids and tellers to accompany them to Faithful Creek where they were locked up with the other hostages , who included the station 's staff and some passing hawkers and sportsmen .
Kennedy ran , firing as he sought cover moving from tree to tree . In an exchange of gunfire , Ned fired a fatal shot into Kennedy .
The four policemen who were living openly with him at the time hid under the bed and did not report the murder until late the following morning .
When the judge uttered the customary words `` May God have mercy on your soul '' , Kelly replied `` I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go '' .
Although two newspapers -LRB- The Age and The Herald -RRB- reported Kelly 's last words as `` Such is life '' , another source , Kelly 's gaol warden , wrote in his diary that when Kelly was prompted to say his last words , the prisoner opened his mouth and mumbled something that he could n't hear .
Kelly , dressed in home-made plate metal armor and helmet , was captured and sent to jail .
The outlaws gave an exhibition of horsemanship which entertained and surprised their hostages .
The police set up a camp near two shepherd huts at Stringybark Creek in a heavily timbered area .
After having supper , and telling the hostages not to raise the alarm for another three hours , they left .
The gang discovered that Aaron Sherritt , Joe Byrne 's erstwhile best friend , was a police informer .
On Monday the gang rounded up various people and forced them into the back parlor of the Royal Mail Hotel .
Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp , ordering them to surrender .
On 26 June 1880 , the same day their outlaw status expired , Dan Kelly and Joe Byrne went to Sherritt 's house and killed him .
He was hanged for murder at Old Melbourne Gaol in November 1880 .
They had already taken a number of hostages at Faithful Creek station and went to the bank claiming to be delivering a message from McCauley , the station manager .
A final violent confrontation with police took place at Glenrowan on 28 June 1880 .
Ned Kelly survived to stand trial , and was sentenced to death by the Irish-born judge Justice Redmond Barry .
His daring and notoriety made him an iconic figure in Australian history , folklore , literature , art and film .
Other songs about Ned Kelly include those by Paul Kelly -LRB- `` Our Sunshine '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- -RRB- , Slim Dusty -LRB- `` Game as Ned Kelly '' and `` Ned Kelly Is n't Dead '' -RRB- , Ashley Davies -LRB- `` Ned Kelly '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- -RRB- , Waylon Jennings -LRB- `` Ned Kelly '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- -RRB- , Redgum -LRB- `` Poor Ned '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- -RRB- , Midnight Oil -LRB- `` If Ned Kelly Was King '' -LRB- 1983 -RRB- -RRB- , The Whitlams -LRB- `` Kate Kelly '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- -RRB- , Blackbird Raum -LRB- `` The Helm of Ned Kelly '' -LRB- 2009 -RRB- -RRB- , and Trevor Lucas -LRB- `` Ballad of Ned Kelly '' , performed by Fotheringay on their eponymous album -RRB- .
The wanted men were suspected of being in the Wombat Ranges north of Mansfield , Victoria .
Scanlon went for his pistol ; Ned fired . Scanlon was killed .
Constable McIntyre threw his arms up . Lonigan drew his revolver and Ned shot him .
He was hanged on 11 November 1880 at the Melbourne Gaol for the murder of Constable Lonigan .
According to Geoffrey Hunter , while logic concerns itself with the `` truths of logic , '' metalogic concerns itself with the theory of `` sentences used to express truths of logic . ''
Workington Town RLFC was formed at a meeting held in the Royal Oak Hotel , Workington in December 1944 . Many of Workington Town 's board came from local soccer team Workington AFC 's board and the team would ground share with `` the Reds '' at Borough Park .
Charles Monroe Schulz -LRB- November 26 , 1922 - February 12 , 2000 -RRB- was an American cartoonist , whose comic strip Peanuts proved one of the most popular and influential in the history of the medium , and is still widely reprinted on a daily basis .
Correspondingly , set B is a superset of A since all elements of A are also elements of B.
It is the home of the National Tramway Museum inside the Crich Tramway Village , and at the summit of Crich Hill above , a Memorial Tower for those of the Sherwood Foresters regiment who died in battle , particularly in World War I.
Set 1,000 feet above sea level , it has 52 steps to the top , from which eight counties can be seen , including landmarks such as the Humber Bridge and Lincoln Cathedral .
Built in 1923 on the location of an older tower called Crich Stand , the Memorial Tower is the destination of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July .
It could accommodate 40 inmates , and accepted paupers from other parishes , including Melbourne , Pentrich , Willington , Mercaston and Denby .
A workhouse was opened in 1734 on the edge of Nether Common .
Crich -LRB- , with a long I -RRB- is a village in Derbyshire in England .
Crich -LRB- , with a long I -RRB- is a village in Derbyshire in England . It is the home of the National Tramway Museum inside the Crich Tramway Village , and at the summit of Crich Hill above , a Memorial Tower for those of the Sherwood Foresters regiment who died in battle , particularly in World War I.
For more complex fields with pre-formated contents that would still be present even if the parameter was n't set , you can wrap it all in an '' # if '' statement to make the whole thing vanish when the parameter is not used .
Each row on the table can contain either a header , or a label\/data pair , or just a data cell .
; name : The template page name that the `` view\/discuss\/edit '' links should point to .
Image is centered by default .
See Infobox for an introduction to infoboxes and information on how to design them .
; caption , caption2 : Text to put underneath the images .
Use full image syntax , for example .
These are mutually exclusive states so if you define a row with both a header and a label\/data pair , the label\/data pair is ignored .
This template is intended as a meta-template : a template used for constructing other templates .
It is not meant for use directly in an article , but can be used on a one-off basis if required .
Usage is similar to , but with an additional distinction .
To make a row optional use a parameter that defaults to an empty string , like so :
; image , image2 : images to display at the top of the template .
; header -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to use as a header in row n. ; label -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to use as a label in row n. ; data -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to display as data in row n. ; below : Text to put in the bottom cell .
The bottom cell is intended for footnotes , see-also , and other such information .
Here 's a stale example of the output generated by this template .
The content is drawn randomly from a pre-defined list .
This template generates a box for a portal home page .
To see a real time example , see what links here .
Monifieth is a town and former police burgh in the council area of Angus , Scotland .
The number e is sometimes called Euler 's number after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler .
ChÃ rancÃ is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western Anus .
Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed , but provides sporadic forest cover that can be grazed by animals .
The region is divided into three federal states : West Darfur , South Darfur , and North Darfur .
To the north the goz is overtaken by the desert sands of the Sahara .
The region 's main towns are Al Fashir , Nyala , and Geneina .
It is largely an arid plateau with the Marrah Mountains -LRB- Jebel Marra -RRB- , a range of volcanic peaks rising up to 3042 m of topographic prominence , in the center of the region .
Western Darfur is dominated by the third feature , basement rock , sometimes covered with a thin layer of sandy soil .
The fourth and final feature are the Marrah Mountains , volcanic plugs created by a massif , that rise up to a peak at Deriba crater where there is a small area of temperate climate , high rainfall and permanent springs of water .
In many places the goz is waterless and can only be inhabited where there are water reservoirs or deep boreholes .
A second feature are the wadis , which range from seasonal watercourses that flood only occasionally during the wet season to large wadis that flood for most of the rains and flow from western Darfur hundreds of miles west to Lake Chad .
The whole eastern half of Darfur is covered with plains and low hills of sandy soils , known as goz , and sandstone hills .
There are four main features of the physical geography .
Many wadis have pans of alluvium with rich soil that are also difficult to cultivate .
Oleg Dmitriyevich Kononenko is a Russian cosmonaut .
List of federal law enforcement agencies of Canada This is a list of all federal law enforcement agencies of Canada . See federal law enforcement agency for the definition .
Gatcombe Park is the private country home of Anne , Princess Royal , situated in England between the Gloucestershire villages of Minchinhampton and Avening , five miles -LRB- 8 km -RRB- south of Stroud and around six miles -LRB- 10 km -RRB- north of Highgrove House , the country residence of Prince Charles .
The field gets its name from Mount Cayley , the largest and most persistent volcano , located at the southern end of the Powder Mountain Icefield .
The Mount Cayley volcanic field is a remote volcanic zone on the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada , stretching 31 k from the Pemberton Icefield to the Squamish River .
AVN sponsored the first AVN Awards ceremony in February 1984 .
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored and presented by the American adult video industry trade magazine AVN -LRB- Adult Video News -RRB- to honor exceptional performance in various aspects of the creation and marketing of American pornographic movies .
PlÃ rin -LRB- , Gallo : PlÃ rein -RRB- is a coastal commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Akira Ito -LRB- born 19 September 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Two groups of islands lie off the Peloponnesan coast : the Argo-Saronic Islands to the east , and the Ionian Islands to the west .
The name Peloponnesos means `` Island of Pelops '' .
Kim Il-sung -LRB- 15 April 1912 â `` 8 July 1994 -RRB- was a Korean communist politician who led North Korea from its founding in 1948 until his death in 1994 .
His birthday is a public holiday in North Korea . Following his death in 1994 , he was succeeded by his son Kim Jong-il .
Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric trams , where the power supply is carried in a channel under the roadway , rather than located overhead .
Sins is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Luton Town Football Club is an English professional football club based since 1905 at Kenilworth Road , Luton , Bedfordshire .
The first recorded use of copper as a color name in English was in 1594 .
Copper is a reddish brown color that resembles the metal copper .
Greenbrier County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Postclassic Maya states also continued to survive in the southern highlands .
Many Mayan languages continue to be spoken as primary languages today ; the Rabinal AchÃ , a play written in the Achi language , was declared a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO in 2005 .
The last Maya states , the Itza polity of Tayasal and the Ko ` woj city of Zacpeten , were continuously occupied and remained independent of the Spanish until late in the 17th century .
After the decline of the ruling dynasties of Chichen and Uxmal , Mayapan ruled all of YucatÃ n until a revolt in 1450 .
The Ko ` woj had their capital at Zacpeten .
The area then degenerated into competing city-states until YucatÃ n was conquered by the Spanish .
The Maya civilization participated in long distance trade with many of the other Mesoamerican cultures , including Teotihuacan , the Zapotec and other groups in central and gulf-coast Mexico , as well as with more distant , non-Mesoamerican groups , for example the Tainos in the Caribbean .
They were finally subdued by the Spanish in 1697 .
The Maya cities of the northern lowlands in YucatÃ n continued to flourish for centuries more ; some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza , Uxmal , EdznÃ , and Coba .
It ruled over an area extending across the Peten Lakes region , encompassing the community of Eckixil on Lake Quexil .
This includes the well-known cities of Tikal , Palenque , CopÃ n and Calakmul , but also the lesser known Dos Pilas , Uaxactun , Altun Ha , and Bonampak , among others .
The Itza Maya , Ko ` woj , and Yalain groups of Central Peten survived the `` Classic Period Collapse '' in small numbers and by 1250 reconstituted themselves to form competing city-states .
One of the Maya nations in this area , the K ` iche ' Kingdom of Q ` umarkaj , is responsible for the best-known Maya work of historiography and mythology , the Popol Vuh .
Maya influence can be detected from Honduras , Guatemala , Northern El Salvador and to as far as central Mexico , more than 1000 km -LRB- 625 miles -RRB- from the Maya area .
Initially established during the Pre-Classic period -LRB- c. 2000 BC to 250 AD -RRB- , according to the Mesoamerican chronology , many Maya cities reached their highest state of development during the Classic period -LRB- c. 250 AD to 900 AD -RRB- , and continued throughout the Post-Classic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
Other important archaeological remains include the carved stone slabs usually called stelae -LRB- the Maya called them tetun , or `` tree-stones '' -RRB- , which depict rulers along with hieroglyphic texts describing their genealogy , military victories , and other accomplishments .
The most notable monuments are the stepped pyramids they built in their religious centers and the accompanying palaces of their rulers .
The Itza maintained their capital at Tayasal -LRB- also known as Noh PetÃ n -RRB- , an archaeological site thought to underlay the modern city of Flores , Guatemala on Lake PetÃ n ItzÃ .
The Early Classic settlement distribution in the northern Maya lowlands is not as clearly known as the southern zone , but does include a number of population centers , such as Oxkintok , Chunchucmil , and the early occupation of Uxmal .
The palace at CancuÃ n is the largest in the Maya area , though the site , interestingly , lacks pyramids .
Today , the Maya and their descendants form sizable populations throughout the Maya area and maintain a distinctive set of traditions and beliefs that are the result of the merger of pre-Columbian and post-Conquest ideas and cultures .
Archeologists have also found gold from Panama in the Sacred Cenote of Chichen Itza .
The Maya civilization extended throughout the present-day southern Mexican states of Chiapas , Tabasco , and the YucatÃ n Peninsula states of Quintana Roo , Campeche and YucatÃ n. The Maya area also extended throughout the northern Central American region , including the present-day nations of Guatemala , Belize , Northern El Salvador and western Honduras .
The Maya area is generally divided into three loosely defined zones : the southern Maya highlands , the central lowlands , and the northern lowlands .
The disease may also be spread through blood transfusion and organ transplantation , ingestion of food contaminated with parasites , and from a mother to her fetus .
Chagas disease -LRB- , , mal de Chagas in both languages ; also called American trypanosomiasis -RRB- is a tropical parasitic disease caused by the flagellate protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi .
Literary references to purgatory go back at least as far as Dante Alighieri . In his Divine Comedy story Purgatorio , Mount Purgatory is split into different terraces for those being made to be ready for heaven .
The Catholic Church gives the name Purgatory to the final purification of all who die in God 's grace and friendship , but still imperfectly purified .
Clay County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama .
Lionello Manfredonia -LRB- born 27 November 1956 in Rome -RRB- is a former Italian footballer .
Skirts have been worn by men and women from many cultures , such as the lungi , kanga and sarong worn in South Asia and Southeast Asia , and the kilt worn in Scotland .
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .
It is also by far the largest of the three ; its more than 5,000 different species make up over 96 % of all living anurans .
Neobatrachia are a suborder of the Anura , the order of frogs and toads .
Machair was written in English and translated into Gaelic , then given English subtitles and broadcast at peak viewing time .
Viewers were in accord with him as it achieved a 30 % audience share and made it into the Top Ten of programs viewed in Scotland , in spite of the fact that fewer than 2 % of the Scottish population can speak Gaelic .
It was nominated for awards for production and writing from The Celtic Film Festival and Writers Guild of Great Britain .
Kenneth Roy , television critic of Scotland on Sunday , described it as `` A credit to the company -LRB- Scottish Television -RRB- and a smack in the face to those of us who were doubtful '' and after a few episodes said `` It is even better than it looked at first glance quite simply the best thing to have happened to television in Scotland for a long time . ''
Machair was a Scottish Gaelic television soap opera produced by Scottish Television Enterprises between August 1992 and September 1998 .
Michael Landon -LRB- October 31 , 1936 -- July 1 , 1991 -RRB- was an American actor , writer , director , and producer , who starred in three popular NBC TV series that spanned three decades .
Schiff won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for her biography of Vera Nabokov , wife and muse of Lolita and Pale Fire author Vladimir Nabokov .
Schiff , born in Adams , Massachusetts , is a graduate of Phillips Academy preparatory school , and earned her B.A. degree from Williams College in 1982 .
She was awarded a 2006 Academy Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Letters .
Schiff 's A Great Improvisation : Franklin , France , and the Birth of America won the 2006 Arwen Taylor Book Prize , the Ambassador Award in American Studies , and the Institut FranÃ aisâ s Gilbert Chinard Prize .
She was a Senior Editor at Simon & Schuster until 1990 .
Stacy Madeleine Schiff -LRB- born October 26 , 1961 -RRB- is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American nonfiction author and guest columnist for The New York Times .
She was also a finalist for the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for Saint-Exup Ã ry : A Biography about Antoine de Saint ExupÃ ry .
Currently a guest columnist at The New York Times , Schiff resides in New York City and Edmonton , Alberta .
Schiff has received fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and the National Endowment for the Humanities .
Her essays and articles have appeared in The New Yorker , The New York Times Book Review and The Times Literary Supplement .
Schiff was a Directorâ s Fellow at the Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library .
Nitride compounds often have large band gaps , thus nitrides are usually insulators , examples include boron nitride and silicon nitride .
Sainte-Pexine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Mercer University is an independent , private , coeducational university with a Baptist heritage located in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Prana suffuses all living forms but is not itself the Atman or individual soul . In the Ayurveda , the Sun and sunshine are held to be a source of Prana .
He played his entire career for the club Ajax Amsterdam , which he later coached , and was a member of the Netherlands national team both as a player and as manager .
Marinus -LRB- `` Rinus '' -RRB- Jacobus Hendricus Michels -LRB- 9 February 1928 -- 3 March 2005 -RRB- was a Dutch association football player and coach .
Montehermoso is a municipality located in the province of CÃ ceres , Extremadura , Spain .
It is effectively a part of the greater LiÃ ge conurbation stretching west from LiÃ ge city center towards LiÃ ge airport . As of January 1 , 2006 Saint-Nicolas had a total population of 22,666 .
However , the group was renamed `` Greeeen '' in 2004 when 92 and Soh joined the group .
He was buried at the Cathedral of Saint Giovanni Battista and later moved to the Basilica of Superga outside Turin .
Victor Amadeus of Savoy -LRB- Vittorio Amedeo Giovanni Filippo ; 6 May , 1699 -- 22 March , 1715 -RRB- was the eldest son of Victor Amadeus II , Duke of Savoy and his French wife Anne Marie d'Orl Ã ans .
He died of smallpox at the age of 15 .
He was the Heir apparent of Savoy from his birth and as such was styled as the Prince of Piedmont .
Piedmont died in Turin on 22 March 1715 having caught smallpox .
He acted as Regent of Savoy from September 1713 till September 1714 in the absences of his father .
PrÃ chac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This cartoon featured the second appearance of Tom and Jerry , and was the first in which the characters were named .
Henry Pelham -LRB- 25 September 1694 -- 6 March 1754 -RRB- was a British Whig statesman , who served as Prime Minister of Great Britain from 27 August 1743 until his death in 1754 .
Pearl Harbor , or Pu ` uloa , is a lagoon harbor on the island of Oahu , Hawaii , west of Honolulu . Much of the harbor and surrounding lands is a United States Navy deep-water naval base .
The attack on Pearl Harbor by the Empire of Japan on December 7 , 1941 , brought the United States into World War II .
Its population at the 2000 census was 248,425 residents .
The Arrowhead Region is located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Minnesota , so called because of its pointed shape .
The predominantly rural region encompasses 27,575.19 kmÂ -LRB- 10,635.26 sq mi -RRB- of land area and comprises Carlton , Cook , Lake and St. Louis Counties .
Ballota species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera including Coleophora case-bearers : C. ballotella , C. lineolea -LRB- which has been recorded on B. nigra -RRB- and C. ochripennella .
Ballota -LRB- horehound -RRB- is a genus of about 35 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae , native to temperate regions of Europe , north Africa and western Asia , with the highest diversity in the Mediterranean region .
Joyeuse is twinned with Jupille and Vilassar de Dalt .
Joyeuse is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
Joyeuse lies in the historic region of Bas-Vivarais , in the valley of the Beaume , a tributary of the ArdÃ che River .
The two best known such republics were Venice -LRB- where he was called a Doxe -RRB- and Genoa , which rivaled each other , and the other regional great powers , by building their historical city-states into maritime , commercial , and territorial mini-empires .
Doge -LRB- ; plural dogi or doges -RRB- is a dialectal Italian word that descends from the Latin dux -LRB- as does the English duke and the standard Italian duce and duca -RRB- , meaning `` leader '' , especially in a military context .
The title of Doge was used for the elected chief of state in a number of Italian `` crowned republics '' .
Bassanne is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Carl Wilhelm Scheele -LRB- 9 December 1742 -- 21 May 1786 -RRB- was a German-Swedish pharmaceutical chemist .
There are three prominent hypotheses on nonbaryonic dark matter , called Hot Dark Matter -LRB- HDM -RRB- , Warm Dark Matter -LRB- WDM -RRB- , and Cold Dark Matter -LRB- CDM -RRB- ; some combination of these is also possible .
Berrias-et-Casteljau is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Queen 's Counsel -LRB- postnominal QC -RRB- , known as King 's Counsel -LRB- postnominal KC -RRB- during the reign of a male sovereign , are lawyers appointed by letters patent to be one of `` Her -LRB- or His -RRB- Majesty 's Counsel learned in the law '' .
Jules Gabriel Verne -LRB- ; February 8 , 1828 â `` March 24 , 1905 -RRB- was a French author from Brittany who pioneered the science-fiction genre .
He is best known for novels such as Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea -LRB- 1870 -RRB- , A Journey to the Center of the Earth -LRB- 1864 -RRB- , and Around the World in Eighty Days -LRB- 1873 -RRB- .
Mangwal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33 Â 6 ' 30N 72 Â 49 ' 32E .
Henry Agard Wallace -LRB- October 7 , 1888 -- November 18 , 1965 -RRB- was the 33rd Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1941 -- 1945 -RRB- , the Secretary of Agriculture -LRB- 1933 -- 1940 -RRB- , and the Secretary of Commerce -LRB- 1945 -- 1946 -RRB- .
The 1270s is the decade starting January 1 , 1270 , and ending December 31 , 1279 .
Zeiningen is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
This category page collects sub-categories that list articles about individual people , grouped and arranged according to their ethnicity .
Itancourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Tadahiko Ueda -LRB- born August 3 , 1947 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Monthieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In May 1745 , Le Breton announced the work as available for sale , but to his dismay , Mills had not done the work he was commissioned to do ; in fact , he could barely read and write French and did not even own a copy of Cyclopaedia .
As of 1750 , the full title was EncyclopÃ die , ou Dictionnaire raisonnÃ des sciences , des arts et des mÃ tiers , par une sociÃ tÃ de gens de lettres , mis en ordre par M. Diderot de l'Acad Ã mie des Sciences et Belles-Lettres de Prusse , et quant Ã la partie mathÃ matique , par M. d'Alembert de l'Acad Ã mie royale des Sciences de Paris , de celle de Prusse et de la SociÃ tÃ royale de Londres .
Within thirteen months , in August 1747 , Gua de Malves was fired for being an ineffective leader .
While many contributors to the EncyclopÃ die had no interest in radically reforming French society , the EncyclopÃ die as a whole pointed that way .
In 1743 , the translation was entrusted by the Parisian book publisher AndrÃ Le Breton to John Mills , an English resident in France .
Mills sued for assault , but Le Breton was acquitted in court as being justified .
Still , the EncyclopÃ die is famous above all for representing the thought of the Enlightenment .
Furious at having been swindled , Le Breton beat Mills with a cane .
For his new editor , Le Breton settled on the mathematician Jean Paul de Gua de Malves .
The EncyclopÃ die was an innovative encyclopedia in several respects . Among other things , it was the first encyclopedia to include contributions from many named contributors , and it was the first general encyclopedia to lavish attention on the mechanical arts .
EncyclopÃ die , ou dictionnaire raisonnÃ des sciences , des arts et des mÃ tiers was a general encyclopedia published in France between 1751 and 1772 , with later supplements , revised editions , and translations .
Le Breton then hired Diderot and Jean d'Alembert as the new editors .
The EncyclopÃ die was originally conceived as a French translation of Ephraim Chambers 's Cyclopaedia -LRB- 1728 -RRB- .
Modern Anti-Armenianism is usually associated with either extreme opposition to the actions or existence of the Armenian Republic , belief in an Armenian conspiracy to fabricate history and manipulate public and political opinion for political gain , or belief that Armenia is attempting to unfairly annex land from neighboring states .
, is hostility toward or prejudice against Armenian people , Armenian culture and the Republic of Armenia , which can range in expression from individual hatred to institutionalized persecution .
Several organizations have stated that difficulties currently experienced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are a result of an anti-Armenian attitude by the Turkish government as well as by ultra-nationalist groups such as the Grey Wolves .
For several months in 1994 , someone posted messages under the alias Serdar Argic claiming that the Armenian Genocide did not happen or that Armenians massacred Turks , on Usenet newsgroup threads mentioning the word Turkey .
The controversy and emotions surrounding the Armenian Genocide and Nagorno-Karabakh are two examples of intense anti-Armenianism in both countries .
Modern anti-Armenianism often seems to lack a racial and cultural basis and appears to be based more on geopolitics and history , in addition to diplomatic and strategic interests , involving the modern states of Turkey and Azerbaijan , although these prejudices usually extend to the widespread Armenian Diaspora .
Coullemont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol -LRB- XMPP -RRB- is an open-standard communications protocol for message-oriented middleware based on XML -LRB- Extensible Markup Language -RRB- . The protocol was originally named Jabber , and was developed by the Jabber open-source community in 1999 for , originally , near-real-time , extensible instant messaging -LRB- IM -RRB- , presence information , and contact list maintenance .
The XMPP Standards Foundation -LRB- XSF -RRB- develops and publishes extensions to XMPP through a standards process centered on XMPP Extension Protocols -LRB- XEPs , previously known as Jabber Enhancement Proposals - JEPs -RRB- .
Harald Konopka -LRB- born 18 November 1952 in DÃ 1\/4 ren , West Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
San Marino , officially the Republic of San Marino -LRB- ; , also known as the Most Serene Republic of San Marino -RRB- , is a country situated on the eastern side of the Apennine Mountains .
Its capital is the City of San Marino .
San Marino 's postage stamps , which are valid for mail only within the country , are mostly sold to philatelists and are a source of income .
The structure of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- season is divided into the regular season and the Stanley Cup playoffs .
In the regular season , teams play 82 games which determine their standings .
The eight top-seeded teams in each conference enter the playoff elimination tournament to determine the Stanley Cup champion .
Marchais-en-Brie is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Henry IV -LRB- 13 December 1553 â `` 14 May 1610 -RRB- was King of France from 1589 to 1610 and King of Navarre from 1572 to 1610 .
The Province of Frosinone is a province in the Lazio region of Italy , with 91 comuni -LRB- singular : comune ; see Comuni of the Province of Frosinone -RRB- . Its capital is the city of Frosinone .
Dartmouth University is a defunct institution in New Hampshire which existed from 1817 to 1819 .
It was the result of a thwarted attempt by the state legislature to make Dartmouth College , a private college , into a public university .
Not to be confused with Dartmouth College , or the fictional British university of this name featured in Peep Show .
Koji Hirose is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Tochigi S.C. .
Hull was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983 .
Hull was famous for his blonde hair , blinding skating speed , and having the fastest shot , earning him the nickname `` the Golden Jet '' .
He is regarded as one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time and perhaps the greatest left winger to ever play the game .
Robert Marvin `` Bobby '' Hull , OC -LRB- born January 3 , 1939 -RRB- is a former Canadian ice hockey player .
In language structure , a diminutive , or diminutive form -LRB- abbreviated -RRB- , is a formation of a word used to convey a slight degree of the root meaning , smallness of the object or quality named , encapsulation , intimacy , or endearment .
Terms such as `` movie '' for `` moving picture '' are oft-heard terms in English .
For example , one comparative study found that English uses diminutives infrequently in comparison with the Czech language . Nevertheless , most dialects of English feature a fair lot of sidling and sibling diminutives .
Kimmei had six Empresses and 25 Imperial children -LRB- 16 sons and 9 daughters -RRB- .
Emperor Kimmei was the 29th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
This Imperial Prince was the next youngest brother of Emperor Senka .
Emperor Kimmei 's father was Emperor Keitai and his mother was Emperor Ninken 's daughter , Princess Tashiraka .
Each X-wing model was built around a hollow core made from surgical tubing , which allowed lighting , cooling , and electrical connectors for the wing motors to be installed and maintained .
Industrial Light & Magic 's -LRB- ILM -RRB- Joe Johnston sketched and Colin Cantwell built models that eventually became the final X-wing fighter in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
The production crew also made a full-size X-wing cockpit that was used for all actors ; the astromech droid visible behind each actor was changed for each starfighter .
ILM built miniatures in various scales , with wing markings indicating which prop represented which pilot .
In addition to miniatures , the production crew made a single , full-size X-wing for scenes in the Rebels ' Yavin IV base hangar ; combined with cardboard cutouts and careful editing , the Rebels appear to have dozens of fighters .
Mauro MatÃ as ZÃ rate -LRB- born 18 March 1987 -RRB- is an Argentine footballer , currently playing for Italian side Lazio .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts , to the Rev. Samuel Dexter , the 4th minister of Dedham , he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln , Sr. , the future Attorney General of the United States .
After he passed the bar in 1784 , he began practicing in Lunenburg , Massachusetts .
Samuel Dexter -LRB- May 14 , 1761 - May 4 , 1816 -RRB- was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet .
An example of this is some of the names of the days of the week : modelled after the names of the days of the week in Latin -LRB- named after Mars , Mercury , Jupiter , Venus , and Saturn -RRB- , the names for Tuesday through to Friday were replaced with Germanic equivalents of the Roman gods and the names for Monday and Sunday after the Sun and Moon .
The Germanic gods have left numerous traces in modern vocabulary and elements of every day western life in most Germanic language speaking countries .
There are also several runestones and image stones that depict scenes from Norse mythology , such as Thor 's fishing trip , scenes depicting Sigurd -LRB- Sigfried -RRB- the dragon slayer , Odin and Sleipnir , Odin being devoured by Fenrir , and one of the surviving stones from the Hunnestad Monument appears to show Hyrrokkin riding to Baldr 's funeral -LRB- DR 284 -RRB- .
Longuefuye is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
`` What I 've Done '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park . It was released as the first single from their third album , Minutes to Midnight .
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
Most values are case-insensitive -LRB- `` LIVING '' or `` LiVinG '' work the same -RRB- , except when it matters -LRB- such as century names -RRB- .
The embedded magic word DEFAULTSORT applies to all categories on the page , no matter whether the lifetime template is before or after them .
The template provides a local sandbox and testcases for developing and testing changes -LRB- see documentation 's hat-note -RRB- .
If you want to substitute it , use the following syntax :
' is for quickly generating category tags related to birth and death years , including living people and missing or unknown values .
The general DEFAULTSORT can be embedded as well .
Other cases are handled with options .
For each option , the default value is displayed in bold and automatically assumed if the field is left blank .
Please note that MISSING results in Categories that are not displayed on the page .
This template supports substitution .
Often , editors accused of ownership may not even realize it , so it is important to assume good faith .
Others may try to promote their own point of view , failing to recognize the importance of the NPOV policy .
Similarly , if you do not want your ideas -LRB- for article organization , categorization , style , standards , etc. -RRB- challenged or developed by others , then do not submit them .
Some editors may think they are protecting the article from vandalism , and may respond to any changes with hostility .
He is best known for the opera Carmen .
Georges Bizet -LRB- 25 October 1838-3 June 1875 -RRB- was a French composer and pianist of the Romantic era .
That Darn Cat is a 1997 film starring Christina Ricci and Doug E. Doug .
Hauptwil-Gottshaus is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
It is bordered by Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south , east and west .
Mongolia is a landlocked country in East and Central Asia .
During the collapse of the Qing Dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia declared independence , but had to struggle until 1921 to firmly establish de facto independence from the Republic of China , and until 1945 to gain international recognition .
The Mongol Empire was founded by Genghis Khan in 1206 .
In the 16th and 17th centuries , Mongolia came under the influence of Tibetan Buddhism . At the end of the 17th century , most of Mongolia had been incorporated into the area ruled by the Qing Dynasty .
After the collapse of the Yuan Dynasty , the Mongols returned to their earlier pattern of constant internal conflict and occasional raids on the Chinese borderlands .
Mongolia 's political system is a parliamentary republic .
The show followed three American actresses who auditioned for the role as `` Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider . The winner was Alexandra Sapot who came to play the villain `` Billie Jo '' .
Jakten pÃ Billie Jo was a Swedish reality show first broadcast on August 4 , 2000 on TV4 .
The winner was Alexandra Sapot who came to play the villain `` Billie Jo '' .
The show followed three American actresses who auditioned for the role as `` Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider .
The winner was decided by partly Swedish viewers televotes and the production company Jarowskij .
The Yonsei University Medical School dates back to April 10 , 1885 , when the first modern hospital to practice western medicine in Korea , Gwanghyewon , was established .
Established in 1885 , it is one of the oldest universities in South Korea , the top private comprehensive university in South Korea , and is widely regarded as one of the top three comprehensive universities in the country .
Aninoasa is a commune in Gorj County , Romania .
Paulo SÃ rgio Silvestre do Nascimento -LRB- born 2 June 1969 -RRB- , commonly known as Paulo SÃ rgio is an former Brazilian footballer .
Green Park tube station is a London Underground station located on the north side of Green Park , close to the intersection of Piccadilly and the pedestrian Queen 's Walk .
London Buses routes 9 , 14 , 19 , 22 , 38 and C2 serve the station .
The station is served by the Piccadilly line , between Piccadilly Circus and Hyde Park Corner , the Victoria line , between Victoria and Oxford Circus , and the Jubilee line , between Bond Street and Westminster .
It is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Elective monarchy can practically function as a hereditary monarchy , for example in case of eligibility being limited to members of one family -LRB- or even further , if allowed by the rules of precedence in the election -RRB- . This has happened historically , usually slowly , in many past elective monarchies .
Hereditary monarchies most usually arrange succession by a legislated , definite order of succession so that it is well-known beforehand who will be the next monarch .
When that child dies , the crown is in turn passed to his or her child , or , if no child exists , a sister , brother , niece , nephew , cousin , or other relative .
Under a hereditary monarchy , all the monarchs come from the same family , and the crown is passed down from one member to another member of the family .
A hereditary monarchy is the most common type of monarchy and is the form that is used by almost all of the world 's existing monarchies .
For example , when the king or queen of a hereditary monarchy dies or abdicates , the crown is usually passed to the next generation , i. e , his or her child , typically in some order of seniority .
Nowadays , the typical order of succession in hereditary monarchies is based on some form of primogeniture , but there exist other methods such as seniority , tanistry and rotation , which were much more common in the past .
The ideal gas law is the equation of state of a hypothetical ideal gas .
where p is the absolute pressure of the gas ; V is the volume ; N is the number of particles in the gas ; k is Boltzmann 's constant relating temperature and energy ; and T is the absolute temperature .
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane , KCSI -LRB- 1854-1908 -RRB- was an administrator in British India .
Deane served as the first Political Agent of the Malakand in 1895 and also as the first Chief Commissioner of the North-West Frontier Province upon the creation of the province on 9 November 1901 .
Missouri 's capital is Jefferson City .
Missouri is the only state in the Union to have two Federal Reserve Banks : one in Kansas City -LRB- serving western Missouri , Kansas , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Colorado , northern New Mexico , and Wyoming -RRB- and one in St. Louis -LRB- serving eastern Missouri , southern Illinois , southern Indiana , western Kentucky , western Tennessee , northern Mississippi , and all of Arkansas -RRB- .
Missouri is bounded on the north by Iowa ; on the east , across the Mississippi River , by Illinois , Kentucky , and Tennessee ; on the south by Arkansas ; and on the west by Oklahoma , Kansas , and Nebraska -LRB- the last across the Missouri River -RRB- .
The five largest cities in Missouri are Kansas City , St. Louis , Springfield , Independence , and Columbia .
Asuka Tateishi -LRB- born 9 June 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The following is a list of the 706 communes of the Calvados dÃ partement in France .
Cadillac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Nils Markus Rosenberg , born 27 September 1982 in MalmÃ -RRB- is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Spanish side Racing Santander .
Scottsburg is a town in Halifax County , Virginia , United States .
The Volcano Rabbit also known as teporingo or zacatuche -LRB- Romerolagus diazi -RRB- is a small rabbit that resides in the mountains of Mexico .
Kallern is a municipality in the district of Muri District in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Charles the Bald -LRB- 13 June 823 â `` 6 October 877 -RRB- , Holy Roman Emperor -LRB- 875 â `` 877 , as Charles II -RRB- and King of West Francia -LRB- 840 â `` 877 , as Charles II , with the borders of his land defined by the Treaty of Verdun , 843 -RRB- , was the youngest son of the Emperor Louis the Pious by his second wife Judith .
The Advisory Board is an international network of experts who have agreed to give the foundation meaningful help on a regular basis in many different areas , including law , organizational development , technology , policy , and outreach .
It operates several online collaborative wiki projects including Wikipedia , Wiktionary , Wikiquote , Wikibooks , Wikisource , Wikimedia Commons , Wikispecies , Wikinews , Wikiversity , Wikimedia Incubator and .
MaiziÃ res-la-Grande-Paroisse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
There are 12 species and 5 subspecies recognized .
Bungarus , commonly referred to as kraits -LRB- pronounced krÄ `` ts -RRB- , is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in South and South-East Asia .
Dubbed as `` the greatest free light show on earth '' , they are 6 m long and use over one million bulbs .
Blackpool Illuminations is an annual Lights Festival , founded in 1879 and first switched on 18 September that year , held each autumn in the English seaside resort of Blackpool on the Fylde Coast in Lancashire .
Also known locally as The Lights or The Illuminations , they run each year for sixty - six days , from late August until early November at a time when most other English seaside resorts ' seasons are coming to an end .
In human anatomy , the clavicle or collar bone is a long bone of short length that serves as a strut between the scapula and the sternum . It is the only long bone in body that lies horizontally .
Even though it is classified as a long bone , the clavicle has no medullary -LRB- bone marrow -RRB- cavity like other long bones . It is made up of spongy -LRB- trabecular -RRB- bone with a shell of compact bone .
The pound was a unit of account in Anglo-Saxon England , equal to 240 silver pennies and equivalent to one pound weight of silver .
Fearful of mass forgery by the Nazis -LRB- see Operation Bernhard -RRB- , all notes for Â # 10 and above ceased production , leaving the bank to issue only 10 \/ - , Â # 1 and Â # 5 notes . Scottish and Northern Irish issues were unaffected , with issues in denominations of Â # 1 , Â # 5 , Â # 10 , Â # 20 , Â # 50 and Â # 100 .
It evolved into the modern British currency , the pound sterling .
Dundee has two universitiesâ '' the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .
Dundee has two professional football teams ; Dundee and Dundee United who play at Dens Park and Tannadice Park , respectively .
On April 15 , 2009 , Jackson was drafted to the ECW brand as part of the 2009 Supplemental Draft , therefore breaking up the team of himself and Kendrick .
In late 2008 , Jackson began teaming with Kendrick and both began feuding with the WWE Tag Team Champions The ColÃ ns -LRB- Carlito and Primo -RRB- , although Kendrick and Jackson failed to win the championship .
On the August 18 episode of ECW , Jackson formed an alliance with Kozlov and William Regal after betraying the ECW Champion , Christian , during a tag team match to side with them , and attacking Christian at Regal 's request .
On the August 8 , 2008 edition of SmackDown , his ring name was tweaked to Ezekiel Jackson , and he was revealed as being Kendrick 's `` advisor '' .
He is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , working on its SmackDown brand under the ring name Ezekiel Jackson .
After being trained in FCW , Stephens debuted on the July 18 , 2008 episode of SmackDown , as The Brian Kendrick 's bodyguard under the name Ezekiel .
He made his ECW debut defeating Jack Meridol on the July 9 , 2009 episode .
Rycklon Stephens -LRB- born April 22 , 1978 -RRB- is a Guyanese bodybuilder and professional wrestler .
He then began interfering in Kendrick 's matches against Jeff Hardy , Finlay , and WWE Champion Triple H. On the October 17 episode of SmackDown , Jackson made his official in-ring debut by quickly defeating Super Crazy , after replacing a supposedly sick Kendrick .
On February 8 , 2008 he competed in a match with tag partner Bryan Kelly against Steve Lewington and Heath Miller in a mini-tournament to face WWE Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz ; they lost the match .
At the 2000 census the population was 4,024 .
Brent is a city in Bibb County , Alabama , United States .
Miami is a city in Ottawa County , Oklahoma , United States .
It is the county seat of Ottawa County .
Breaza is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
It is also the capital city of the southernmost Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Reto Ziegler -LRB- born 16 January 1986 in Geneva -RRB- is a Swiss footballer who plays for Sampdoria .
Hortense bore Louis 's sons Napoleon Charles Bonaparte and Napoleon Louis Bonaparte in Paris , while Louis was in Holland . In 1806 , Louis called for his son to be sent to him in Holland , but he was again refused by Hortense , who believed that her son would never be returned to France .
After the deaths of both Napoleon Bonaparte in 1821 , and of his eldest brother Joseph in 1844 , Louis was seen by the Bonapartists as the rightful Emperor of the French , although Louis took little action himself to advance the claim .
Thanks to his older brother , Napoleon , Louis was a General by the age of 25 , although he himself felt that he had risen too high in too short a time .
Though the older brother , Napoleon , had intended for the younger brother to be little more than a French governor of Holland , Louis took his duties as the King seriously , calling himself Koning Lodewijk I -LRB- adopting the Dutch form of his name -RRB- , attempting to learn the Dutch language , and trying hard to be a responsible , independent ruler of Holland .
Napoleon finally invaded Holland on 1 July 1810 , forcing Louis to abdicate the same day , and annexed the entire Kingdom of Holland on 9 July .
Upon Louis 's return to France , he was involved in Napoleon 's plot to overthrow the Directory .
However , his attempt at speaking the Dutch language earned him some respect from his subjects .
Napoleon made him the King of Holland on June 5 , 1806 .
Two major tragedies occurred during the reign of Louis Bonaparte : the explosion of a cargo ship loaded with gunpowder in the heart of the city of Leiden in 1807 , and a major flood in Holland in 1809 .
-LRB- Louis 's son and heir , the future Emperor Napoleon III , on the other hand , was at that time being imprisoned in France for having tried to engineer a Bonapartist coup d' Ã tat . -RRB-
After becoming the First Consul , Napoleon arranged for a marriage between Louis and Hortense de Beauharnais , the daughter of Empress Josephine , and hence Napoleon 's stepdaughter .
Hortense , who was opposed to the marriage at first , was persuaded by her mother to marry Louis for the sake of the family , and she did so .
Louis Bonapart 's early career was spent in the Army , and he served with Napoleon in Egypt .
Napoleon then suggested that Louis should abdicate , citing Louis 's inability to protect Holland as a reason .
In both instances , Louis personally and effectively oversaw local relief efforts , which helped earn him the moniker of Louis the Good .
The town lies roughly 15 km southeast of Aue , and 35 km southwest of Chemnitz .
These questions have particularly important implications in ethics , politics and theology .
Human nature refers to the distinguishing characteristics , including ways of thinking , feeling and acting , that humans tend to have naturally .
The complex implications of such questions are also dealt with in art and literature , while the multiple branches of the Humanities together form an important domain of inquiry into human nature , and the question of what it means to be human .
Aristotle , Plato 's most famous student , made some of the most famous and influential statements about human nature .
For Aristotle , reason is not only what is most special about humanity compared to other animals , but it is also what we were meant to achieve at his or her best .
The questions of what these characteristics are , what causes them and how this causation works , and how fixed human nature is , are amongst the oldest and most important questions in western philosophy .
Much of Aristotle 's description of human nature is still influential today , but the particular teleological idea that humans are `` meant '' or intended to be something , has become much less popular in modern times .
A musical instrument is a device that has been modified or constructed with the purpose of making music . In principle , anything that somehow produces sound can serve as a musical instrument , but the expression is reserved generally to items that have that specific purpose .
However even such a divergent beam can be transformed into a similarly collimated beam by means of a lens system , as is always included , for instance , in a laser pointer whose light originates from a laser diode . That is possible due to the light being of a single spatial mode .
Semiconductor lasers -LRB- laser diodes -RRB- are pumped electrically and are thus not referred to as solid-state lasers . The class of solid-state lasers would , however , properly include fiber lasers in which dopants in the glass lase under optical pumping .
The word laser started as an acronym for `` light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation '' ; in modern usage `` light '' broadly denotes electromagnetic radiation of any frequency , not only visible light , hence infrared laser , ultraviolet laser , X-ray laser , and so on .
Lucid dreaming is the conscious perception of one 's state while dreaming . In this state a person usually has control over characters and the environment of the dream as well as the dreamer 's own actions within the dream .
In January 1908 New Market Academy assumed its current name , Shenandoah Valley Academy . The name was changed because New Market Academy duplicated an old private school in New Market , ironically , the new name was shared with another , now defunct , military school in Winchester , Virginia .
In 1911 SVA graduated its first four students .
He 's also a columnist and contributing editor for Jim Baen 's Universe Magazine ; a contributing editor for Robot Magazine ; and has written for Space and Time Magazine , H + Magazine , and Grim Couture Magazine .
Stephen Euin Cobb was born in Orangeburg , South Carolina ; spent his childhood in Forest Park , Illinois -LRB- a suburb of Chicago -RRB- ; and now lives in South Carolina .
Yasuhiro Nagahashi -LRB- born 2 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer -LRB- May 21 , 1960 â `` November 28 , 1994 -RRB- was an American serial killer and sex offender .
On September 11 , 1881 , an avalanche caused by excessive quarrying of slate killed 114 and buried 83 structures in the municipality .
In 1799 , Russian General Alexander Suvarov and his troops stayed the night in Elm before crossing Panix Pass to Pigniu on their retreat into Austria .
Elm -LRB- Romansh : Dialma -RRB- is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland . Effective from 1 January 2011 , Elm is part of the municipality of Glarus SÃ 1\/4 d.
On 7 May 1945 , DÃ nitz authorized the signature of the German Instrument of Surrender to the Allies , which took place in Rheims before General Dwight D. Eisenhower .
However , after the unconditional surrender , the Flensburg government was not recognized by the Allies and was dissolved when its members were captured by British forces on 23 May 1945 , at Flensburg .
Found guilty in the Ministries Trial in 1949 , Schwerin von Krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment , but was released during an amnesty in 1951 .
During World War I , he served in the German Army , finally as a First Lieutenant , and was awarded the Iron Cross .
On 1 May 1945 , Schwerin von Krosigk was asked to be the Chancellor -LRB- Reichskanzler -RRB- of the Acting Government by President -LRB- ReichsprÃ sident -RRB- Karl DÃ nitz after the suicide of Goebbels .
He was born Johann Ludwig von Krosigk in Rathmannsdorf , Anhalt , Germany to a father from an old noble family of Anhalt and a mother who was a daughter of a Count -LRB- Graf -RRB- von Schwerin .
He studied law and political science in Halle , in Lausanne and as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University .
The speech by Winston Churchill announcing victory to the British people is evidence of a de facto recognition of the Flensburg Government 's authority , since Churchill mentioned that the surrender was authorized by `` Grand Admiral DÃ nitz , the designated Head of the German State '' .
In 1918 , Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg -LRB- 1895-1979 -RRB- , with whom he had four sons and five daughters .
Schwerin von Krosigk was tried at Nuremberg along with other leading members of the German government during the time of Nazi government .
Schwerin von Krosigk was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932 , and continued in that office at the request of President Paul von Hindenburg under Kurt von Schleicher and throughout the period of Nazi rule .
In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books on economic policy , as well as two versions of his memoirs .
Martin `` Marty '' Wright -LRB- born July 15 , 1964 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring name The Boogeyman .
Hakka people have had a significant influence on the course of Chinese and world history : in particular , they have been a source of many revolutionary , government , and military leaders .
The Hakka people -LRB- ' Hakka language : Hak-k Ã cents -RRB- , also known as Hakka Han , are Han Chinese who speak the Hakka language and have links to the provincial areas of Guangdong , Jiangxi , and Fujian in China .
Wadesboro is a town in Anson County , North Carolina , United States .
The population was 3,552 at the 2000 census .
It is the county seat of Anson County .
A hobby is an activity or interest that is undertaken for pleasure , typically done during one 's leisure time .
The logo was designed based on his concept by Andreas Kwiatkowski .
It supports many high-quality audio and video codecs .
Ekiga supports both the SIP and H. 323 -LRB- based on OPAL -RRB- protocols and is fully interoperable with any other SIP compliant application and with Microsoft NetMeeting .
Ekiga was initially written by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the UniversitÃ catholique de Louvain .
It is currently developed by a community-based team led by Sandras .
Ekiga -LRB- formerly called GnomeMeeting -RRB- is a VoIP and video conferencing application for GNOME and Windows .
The St. Anthony-Chapel is located in KornelimÃ 1\/4 nster , a district of the German city of Aachen .
Charles Ludwig von Sickingen-Ebernburg , the abbot of the abbey at KornelimÃ 1\/4 nster later ordered to rebuild the damaged unfinished building .
The St. Anthony-Chapel is part of a circle of five chapels built around the abbey as the central church of KornelimÃ 1\/4 nster .
The chapel was built in 1718 but destroyed by an earthquake before consecration .
`` Let 's Go All the Way '' is a song released as a single by American dance\/New Wave group Sly Fox in 1986 , taken from their debut studio album of the same name .
Sadiqabad is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Rahim Yar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
It is administratively subdivided into 29 Union Councils , six of which form the tehsil capital Sadiqabad .
Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney , released in Japan as Gyakuten Saiban Yomigaeru Gyakuten , is a visual novel-type adventure video game published and developed by Capcom in Japan , North America , and Europe , and published by Nintendo in Australia .
Balliol College , founded in 1263 , is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England but founded by Scottish academics .
Leonardo de Deus Santos -LRB- born 18 April 1978 -RRB- , nicknamed DedÃ , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for German club Borussia Dortmund .
Satoshi Tezuka -LRB- born September 4 , 1958 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Barahona is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Barthold read in Dutch , German , English , and French , anytime and at a tremendous pace .
Later she left him .
Although he had no children of his own , Barthold Fles wrote two juvenile books : Slavonic rhapsody : the life of AntonÃ n DvoÅ Ã k -LRB- 1948 -RRB- under the pseudonym Jan van Straaten -LRB- Van Straaten being his mother 's maiden name -RRB- , and East Germany -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .
Barthold `` Bart '' Fles was born in Amsterdam into an assimilating Jewish family .
Barthold Fles , a diabetic for several decades , died on December 19 , 1989 , aged 87 .
Among the translations was another children 's book , Bambi 's Children by Felix Salten .
Ruth assisted Barthold at his literary agency .
He also wrote introductions to compilations and many articles and translated several books from German to English .
In 1923 he left for the United States .
In 1936 Barthold married Ruth GrÃ 1\/4 nwald , a dancer at the Metropolitan Opera who had been just one year in the United States .
Magma develops or collects in areas called magma chambers .
Magma also contains gases , which expand as the magma rises .
Bob 's Full House was a popular quiz program hosted by Bob Monkhouse which was based on the popular game ` Bingo ' and aired on BBC1 from 1 September 1984 until 27 January 1990 .
Pica is a Chilean town and commune in Tamarugal Province , TarapacÃ Region .
Situated in the inland of the Atacama Desert on an oasis , Pica is famous for its small and unusually acidic lemons .
Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko -LRB- , born 7 April 1949 -RRB- is a Russian politician , a member of United Russia party .
Dijon is home to the Dijon Ducs ice hockey team , who play in the Magnus League .
Saint Benignus , the city 's patron saint , is said to have introduced Christianity to the area before being martyred .
Dijon is the historical capital of the province of Burgundy .
This province was home to the Dukes of Burgundy from the early 11th until the late 15th centuries and Dijon was a place of tremendous wealth and power and one of the great European centres of art , learning and science .
Dijon is home to Dijon FCO , a Football team in Ligue 2 , the second-highest league in French football . Dijon has its own basketball club -LRB- Pro B -RRB- , JDA Dijon Basket .
Dijon began as a Roman settlement called Divio , located on the road from Lyon to Paris .
New members for each organization are elected annually by current members , based on their distinguished and continuing achievements in original research .
The NRC is the `` working arm '' of the Academies , which serves to collect , analyze , and share information through studies and reports .
The NAS , NAE , and IOM are honorary membership organizations , with a total membership of over 6,000 scientists , engineers , and health professionals .
The National Academies produce independent recommendations and policy reports by enlisting top scientists , engineers , health professionals , and other experts -LRB- not limited to those in Academies membership -RRB- to address the scientific and technical aspects of some of society 's problems .
The external sponsors have no control over the conduct or results of a study , once the statement of task and budget are finalized .
The National Academies do not perform original research ; rather they provide independent advice .
The National Academies serve -LRB- collectively -RRB- as the scientific national academy for the United States -LRB- US -RRB- .
Federal agencies are the primary financial sponsors of the Academies ' work ; additional studies are funded by state agencies , foundations , other private sponsors , and the National Academies endowment .
The population was 720 at the 2000 census .
Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Tamano Jun -LRB- born June 19 , 1984 in Shinjuku , Tokyo -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Social studies is the `` integrated study of the social sciences and humanities to promote civic competence , '' as defined by the National Council for the Social Studies .
Social studies is most commonly recognized as the name of a course or set of courses taught in primary and secondary schools or elementary , middle , and high schools , but may also refer to the study of particular aspects of human society at certain post-secondary and tertiary schools around the globe .
At the elementary school level , social studies generally focuses first on the local community and family .
An object with a higher average density than the fluid will never experience more buoyancy than weight and it will sink .
In a situation of fluid statics , the net upward buoyancy force is equal to the magnitude of the weight of fluid displaced by the body This is the force that enables the object to float .
A ship will float even though it may be made of steel -LRB- which is much denser than water -RRB- , because it encloses a volume of air -LRB- which is much less dense than water -RRB- , and the resulting shape has an average density less than that of the water .
He has played for Brazil national football team at the 1930 FIFA World Cup finals .
TeÃ philo Bettencourt Pereira -LRB- 11 April 1900 â `` 10 April 1988 -RRB- was a Brazilian football player .
The son of Henry VIII and Jane Seymour , Edward was the third monarch of the Tudor dynasty and England 's first ruler who was raised as a Protestant .
Edward VI -LRB- 12 October 1537 â `` 6 July 1553 -RRB- became King of England and Ireland on 28 January 1547 and was crowned on 20 February at the age of nine .
Tommy Roe -LRB- born Thomas David Roe , 9 May 1942 , Atlanta , Georgia , United States -RRB- is a pop music singer-songwriter .
Hence on January 15 , 1962 the king planted his five trees that he brought from Hua Hin in front of the university auditorium and said `` Hence I give these five trees as eternal memorial '' -LRB- à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à `` à à à à à à à `` à à à à à à à à # à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à '' à à à -RRB- .
The park has been a protected area since 1910 , first under the care of the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir and later under the observation of the concerned government authorities .
It was initially created to ensure clean drinking water supply for the city of Srinagar .
The name of the park literally stands for `` ten villages '' which could be in memory of the ten villages that were relocated for its formation .
Dachigam National Park is located 22 kilometers from Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir .
It was finally upgraded and declared a National Park in the year 1981 .
It covers an area of 141 square kilometers .
EliÃ zio Santos Santana or simply EliÃ zio -LRB- born March 31 , 1987 in Salvador , Bahia -RRB- is a Brazilian central defender .
Association football is the official name of the sport governed by the International Federation of Association football -LRB- FIFA -RRB- .
In others , it is known simply as `` football '' .
For information about all sports known as football , see football .
For more information on the sport , see association football .
It is known in some parts of the world as `` soccer '' ; a derivative of the word `` association '' .
Chauchigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
A hydrogen bond is the attractive interaction of a hydrogen atom with an electronegative atom , such as nitrogen , oxygen or fluorine , that comes from another molecule or chemical group . The hydrogen must be covalently bonded to another electronegative atom to create the bond .
An electronegative atom such as fluorine , oxygen , or nitrogen is a hydrogen bond acceptor , regardless of whether it is bonded to a hydrogen atom or not . An example of a hydrogen bond donor is ethanol , which has a hydrogen bonded to oxygen ; an example of a hydrogen bond acceptor which does not have a hydrogen atom bonded to it is the oxygen atom on diethyl ether .
These bonds can occur between molecules -LRB- intermolecularly -RRB- , or within different parts of a single molecule -LRB- intramolecularly -RRB- .
Intermolecular hydrogen bonding is responsible for the high boiling point of water -LRB- 100 Â C -RRB- compared to the other group 16 hydrides that have no hydrogen bonds .
The hydrogen bond -LRB- 5 to 30 kJ\/mole -RRB- is stronger than a van der Waals interaction , but weaker than covalent or ionic bonds .
It consist of 10 easy , 21 Intermediate , and 13 expert trails .
Along with five lifts which service 1150 f of vertical drop .
Crises are deemed to be negative changes in the security , economic , political , societal or environmental affairs , especially when they occur abruptly , with little or no warning .
A crisis -LRB- plural : `` crises '' ; adjectival form : `` critical '' -RRB- -LRB- from the Greek Î Ï Î Ï Î Ï , krisis -RRB- is any event that is , or expected to lead to , an unstable and dangerous situation affecting an individual , group , community or whole society .
An industry term is a type of technical terminology that has a particular meaning within a specific industry .
The phrase industry term implies that a word or phrase is a typical one within a particular industry or business and people within the industry or business will be familiar with and use the term .
The term jargon can , and often does , have pejorative connotations , particularly when aimed at `` business culture '' -LRB- especially when in forms bordering on slang or buzzwords -RRB- .
Within one or more fields , these terms have one or more specific meanings that are not necessarily the same as those in common use .
Technical terminology is the specialized vocabulary of any field , not just technical fields .
The marketing and public relations industries in particular have expanded the lexicon of business terms that marks the global business environment .
Jargon is similar , but more informal in definition and use . Legal technical terms , often called -LRB- legal -RRB- terms of art or -LRB- legal -RRB- words of art , have meanings that are strictly defined by law .
Kazunari Hosaka is a Japanese footballer who plays for Ventforet Kofu in the J. League Division 2 .
They then tried to climb up and get involved .
On the July 19 edition of Raw Nexus continued their attacks on the Raw roster by first attacking Edge and then Chris Jericho , after the two longtime rivals attempted to manipulate the group against each other .
Later on in the show , Barrett defeated Mark Henry in a singles match .
During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view , Nexus interfered in the main event for the WWE Championship , attacking all the wrestlers involved .
Sheamus used the interference to win the title from John Cena .
After that , Barrett and Nexus asked Cena to join them .
Cena revealed his team one by one ; the members were Edge , John Morrison , R-Truth , The Great Khali , Chris Jericho and Bret Hart .
Barrett revealed that this group was going to form no matter who wound up winning NXT , stating that the seven of them had formed a `` Nexus '' and had a common goal they all fought to have accomplished .
At SummerSlam , Nexus were defeated by Team WWE , featuring a returning Daniel Bryan , who joined Team WWE as a surprise member , after Nexus had injured Khali , taking him out of the match , and eliminated both Young and Slater .
The Nexus or The New Nexus is a professional wrestling stable in the professional wrestling promotion , World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , that is currently competing on its Raw brand .
Raw General Manager Bret Hart declined the demand and fired Barrett .
However , even after apologizing for their actions , Nexus continued their hostile attacks , including one on McMahon who tried to take credit for Nexus ' actions .
Cena refused and said that he would take them all down at SummerSlam , and that he had found some help to do it .
At Money in the Bank , Nexus attempted to get involved in the WWE Championship match involving Sheamus and John Cena in a steel cage by breaking the door .
However , the referee on the outside of the cage threw the key into the crowd and the tool that Tarver tried to use to break in .
Afterwards , Cena began beating up Tarver and Young and then took Tarver 's Nexus armband .
However , Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape , with Sheamus winning .
While almost all the members of Nexus won their respective matches , Darren Young failed to defeat John Cena in the main event and was not only kicked out of Nexus , but attacked by the group following his loss .
Kristen NÃ el `` Kristy '' Swanson -LRB- born December 19 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress best known for playing Buffy in the 1992 film Buffy the Vampire Slayer , she also played Catherine `` Cathy '' Dollanganger in the movie version of the V.C. Andrews book Flowers in the Attic .
After the First World War , under the National Defense Act on 4 June 1920 , Congress reorganized the U.S. land forces by authorizing a Regular Army , a National Guard , and an Organized Reserve -LRB- Officers Reserve Corps and Enlisted Reserve Corps -RRB- of unrestricted size , which later became the Army Reserve .
The United States Army Reserve -LRB- USAR -RRB- is the federal reserve force of the United States Army .
The United States Army Reserve -LRB- USAR -RRB- is the federal reserve force of the United States Army . Together , the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard constitute the reserve components -LRB- RC -RRB- of the United States Army .
Together , the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard constitute the reserve components -LRB- RC -RRB- of the United States Army .
The Army Reserve was formed in 1908 to provide a reserve of medical officers to the Army .
Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Luigi `` Gigi '' Radice -LRB- born January 15 , 1935 , in Cesano Maderno -RRB- is an Italian football coach and former player .
Davina McCall -LRB- born Davina Lucy Pascale McCall on 19 October 1967 -RRB- is an English television presenter and actress , most notable as the presenter of the UK version of Big Brother .
If a contestant failed to match any of the three answers , the bonus round ended .
The most popular answer in the survey was worth $ 500 , the second-most popular $ 250 , and the third most popular $ 100 .
He currently plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Kunimitsu Sekiguchi is a Japanese football player .
Many Servants of God later go on to be declared venerable , then to be beatified and canonized , but this list only includes those who have not -LRB- yet -RRB- done so .
Roman Catholics declared a Servant of God .
Ascona is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis .
Therefore it is also called a rotoinversion or rotary inversion .
In the wider senses , the composition of two improper rotations is a proper rotation , and the product of an improper and a proper rotation is an improper rotation .
The Egypt national football team -LRB- , represents Egypt in association football and is controlled by the Egyptian Football Association -LRB- EFA -RRB- , the governing body for football in Egypt .
San Juan de la Maguana is the capital city and the largest city in the province of San Juan and is the 10th largest city in the Dominican Republic .
All users requesting to usurp a username must leave ~ ~ ~ ~ on the talk page of the username being usurped .
The user requesting this usurpation did not leave a message for the user who is being usurped .
Hall was shot dead on May 5 , 1865 near Forbes , New South Wales .
Johnny Gilbert was an Australian bushranger shot dead by the police at the age of 23 near Binalong , New South Wales on May 13 , 1865 . John Gilbert was the only Australian bushranger to never been in a prison .
After Hall was killed his gang split up and Gilbert and John Dunn traveled to Binalong where Dunn had relatives .
Its major developers include Adam Smith , Jean-Baptiste Say , David Ricardo , Thomas Malthus and John Stuart Mill .
Classical economics is widely regarded as the first modern school of economic thought .
George Raymond Richard Martin -LRB- born September 20 , 1948 -RRB- , sometimes referred to as GRRM , is an American author and screenwriter of fantasy , horror , and science fiction .
He is best known for his ongoing A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels .
Ã pieds is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The majority of inmates are political prisoners , among them participants in the Chinese democracy movement and Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
The prison is located at the eastern foothill of Yanshan , facing the North China Plain in the east , north and south .
Other inmates included many communist cadres who were struggled during Cultural Revolution , such as Bo Yibo , Peng Zhen , Israel Epstein , Sidney Rittenberg and David Crook .
The plain is where Qincheng Farm -LRB- ç å å å -RRB- is located , which is part of the prison .
Qincheng Prison -LRB- ç å ç ` ç QÃ nchÃ ngâ â JiÄ nâ yÃ â -RRB- is a maximum-security prison located in the Changping District , Beijing in the People 's Republic of China , near Xiaotangshan .
The prison was built in 1958 with aid from the Soviet Union and it is the only prison belonging to the Ministry of Public Security .
Famous inmates include Jiang Qing , Bao Tong , Dai Qing , as well as Tibetan figures such as Choekyi Gyaltsen , the 10th Panchen Lama , and Phuntsok Wangyal .
The American black bear -LRB- Ursus americanus -RRB- is North America 's smallest and most common species of bear .
The American black bear is listed by the IUCN as Least Concern , due to the species ' widespread distribution and a large global population estimated to be twice that of all other bear species combined .
Black bears typically live in largely forested areas , but do leave forests in search of food .
Chavagnes-en-Paillers is a commune of the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
ChauchÃ is a commune of the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Masatoshi Mihara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
The Province of Sassari is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy .
Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Sainte-Hermine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
ExposÃ is an American vocal group .
Primarily consisting of lead vocalists Ann Curless , Jeanette Jurado , and Gioia Bruno , the group achieved much of their success in the late 1980s and early 1990s , becoming the first group to have four top ten hits on the Billboard Hot 100 chart from their debut album , including their 1988 # 1 hit `` Seasons Change '' .
Vailly-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It lies at the mouth of the Gascoyne River on the Indian Ocean .
Temperatures range from an average maximum of 33 Â C in February to 22 Â C in July .
During the 1960s , NASA set up a tracking station nearby to support the Gemini and Apollo space programs .
Average yearly rainfall is 226 m with the rainiest months -LRB- and the most reliable rainfall -RRB- being in May and June .
These schools are : St Mary 's Star of the Sea Catholic School which was built in 1906 , Carnarvon Senior High School , East Carnarvon Primary School , Carnarvon Primary School , Carnarvon Christian School and Carnarvon School of the Air .
Carnarvon is a coastal town situated approximately 900 kilometres north of Perth , Western Australia .
The town was founded in 1883 , initially as a port and supply center for the surrounding region , and is the administrative center for the Shire of Carnarvon , the town site was officially gazetted on 4 June 1891 .
Only the foundations of what was an historical site remain .
The popular Shark Bay world heritage area lies to the south of the town and the Ningaloo Reef lies to the north .
On 20 May 1988 , the bulk carrier Korean Star ran aground in bad weather near Cape Cuvier , within the port limits of Carnarvon .
The ship was not salvaged and left grounded , however very little of the wreck remains to be seen .
Carnarvon has had three tramways .
Average minimums are 23 Â C and 11 Â C respectively .
Damage was limited to 10 km of remote beaches and coastline .
Around 600 tonnes of fuel oil were spilled into the ocean .
Radio Australia had a shortwave relay station -LRB- built during the 1970s -RRB- that used to relay programming to Europe , South Asia and South East Asia .
Carnarvon has a warm to hot semi-arid climate .
There are 5 schools in the town , 3 government-run and 2 independent .
At the 2006 census , Carnarvon had a population of 5,283 .
The tracking station was closed in the mid 1970s .
Occasionally tropical cyclones will influence Carnarvon and bring very heavy rain , high temperatures and strong winds but apart from this erratic source of rainfall summers are otherwise dry .
It was named after Henry Herbert , 4th Earl of Carnarvon , Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies .
Downham Market is a town and civil parish in Norfolk , England .
Fela Anikulapo Kuti -LRB- ; 15 October 1938 â '' 2 August 1997 -RRB- , or simply Fela -LRB- -LRB- feË lÃ -RRB- -RRB- , was a Nigerian multi-instrumentalist musician and composer , pioneer of afrobeat music , human rights activist , and political maverick .
A Day at the Races is the fifth album by British rock group Queen , released in December 1976 .
AIESEC acts in a way that is sustainable for the organization and society .
The `` Way We do It '' describes how this is to be achieved by each individual member of AIESEC : `` AIESEC provides its members with an integrated development experience -LRB- The AIESEC Experience -RRB- leadership opportunities , international internships and participation in a global learning environment . ''
See more about the AIESEC Experience .
It is located near Bali 's Ngurah Rai Airport .
A former fishing village , it was one of the first towns on Bali to see substantial tourist development , and as a beach resort remains one of Indonesia 's major tourist destinations .
Kuta is administratively a district -LRB- kecamatan -RRB- and subdistrict\/village -LRB- kelurahan -RRB- in southern Bali , Indonesia .
It is known internationally for its long sandy beach , varied accommodation , many restaurants and bars , and many renowned surfers who visit from Australia .
Saint-Blaise is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
ATOC is an unincorporated association whose membership consists of the passenger train companies of Great Britain which now run the passenger services previously provided by the British Railways Board -LRB- from 1965 the Board used the title British Rail -RRB- .
National Rail is a title used by the Association of Train Operating Companies -LRB- ATOC -RRB- as a generic term to define the passenger rail services operated in Great Britain -LRB- before the adoption of the term National Rail , `` Great Britain Passenger Railway '' was used -RRB- .
Rye House railway station is in the Rye House area of Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire , England .
The typical off-peak service from the station is two trains per hour to London Liverpool Street via Tottenham Hale , and two trains per hour to Hertford East .
It is on the Hertford East branch of the West Anglia Main Line , and train services are provided by National Express East Anglia .
In this way , a new Web 2.0 report from O'Reilly is quite effective and diligent in interweaving the story of Web 2.0 with the specific aspects of Enterprise 2.0 .
For example , in a podcast interview , Tim Berners-Lee described the term `` Web 2.0 '' as a `` piece of jargon '' : `` Nobody really knows what it means ... If Web 2.0 for you is blogs and wikis , then that is people to people .
Web 2.0 websites allow users to do more than just retrieve information .
On the afternoon of August 15 , the Government of the Netherland Antilles issued a tropical storm watch for St. Maarten , Saba and St. Eustatius . Later that day , the watch area was expanded to include the islands of Antigua , Barbuda , the British Virgin Islands , Montserrat , St. Kitts and Nevis , Anguilla and the United States Virgin Islands .
Later that day , Dominica was also placed under the tropical storm watch . Shortly after , the islands of Guadeloupe , St. Martin and St. Barthelemy were placed under the watch .
Numerous tropical storm watches were issued for the Lesser Antilles , Puerto Rico , Dominican Republic between August 15 and 17 .
There were also reports of waterspouts and tornadoes associated with Ana in Puerto Rico .
Several streets were temporarily shut down due to flooding , including one tunnel , and three schools had to be evacuated .
Tropical Storm Ana was the first named storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season and the first tropical cyclone to impact the Caribbean islands during 2009 .
Throughout the island , roughly 6,000 people were left without power as numerous branches were snapped off trees and knocked down power lines .
In St. Thomas , sustained winds reached 28 mph -LRB- 45 km\/h -RRB- and gusts peaked at 40 mph -LRB- 65 km\/h -RRB- .
Early on August 15 , the storm re-attained tropical storm status , at which time it was named Ana .
The Italy National Football Team represents Italy in association football and is controlled by the Italian Football Federation -LRB- FIGC -RRB- , the governing body for football in Italy .
Murs-et-G Ã lignieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Called MediaCorp Ad-Xtra , a top 10 advertiser on MediaCorp television channels -LRB- Channel 5\/8\/U -RRB- for the past week will get a 6-second clip of their TV commercial compiled into a 60-second show reel for broadcast on MediaCorp television channels the following week .
Gabriela Mistral -LRB- April 7 , 1889 -- January 10 , 1957 -RRB- was the pseudonym of Lucila de MarÃ a del Perpetuo Socorro Godoy Alcayaga , a Chilean poet , educator , diplomat , and feminist who was the first Latin American to win the Nobel Prize in Literature , in 1945 .
Richard Widmark -LRB- December 26 , 1914-March 24 , 2008 -RRB- was an American actor of films , stage , radio and television .
Terms such as Chicago 's `` bleacher bums '' , or Yankee Stadium 's Bleacher Creatures are also used
By the mid-1980s , a reunion of the former Deep Purple `` Mark Two '' line-up including Blackmore took place and was recording new materials . The album Perfect Strangers was released in October 1984 .
Richard Hugh `` Ritchie '' Blackmore -LRB- born 14 April 1945 -RRB- is an English rock guitarist who is an American resident , known for his work in Deep Purple .
The band 's debut album , Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow , was released in 1975 .
Shah Abbas I wanted to encourage Iranians to go to Mashhad for pilgrimage , he himself is known to have walked from Isfahan to Mashhad . During the Safavid era Mashhad gained even more religious recognition , becoming the most important city of the Greater Khorasan as several Madrasah and other structures were built beside the shrine of the Imam Reza .
The final and most significant stage of this liberation was the development of oxygen-producing photosynthesis , since the main chemical inputs for this are carbon dioxide and water .
In moist conditions mats are usually held together by slimy substances secreted by the micro-organisms , and in many cases some of the micro-organisms form tangled webs of filaments which make the mat tougher .
Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution , when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers , poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there .
Although only a few centimetres thick at most , microbial mats create a wide range of internal chemical environments , and hence generally consist of layers of micro-organisms that can feed on or at least tolerate the dominant chemicals at their level and which are usually of closely-related species .
As a result of this Cambrian substrate revolution , marine microbial mats are confined to environments in which burrowing is non-existent or negligible : very harsh environments , such as hyper-saline lagoons or brackish estuaries , which are uninhabitable for the burrowing organisms that broke up the mats ; rocky `` floors '' which the burrowers can not penetrate ; the depths of the oceans , where burrowing activity today is at a similar level to that in the shallow coastal seas before the revolution .
Originally they depended on hydrothermal vents for energy and chemical `` food '' , but the development of photosynthesis gradually liberated them from the `` hydrothermal ghetto '' by proving a more widely-available energy source , sunlight , although initially the photosynthesizing mats still depended on the diffusion of chemicals emitted by hydrothermal vents .
They colonize environments ranging in temperature from â `` 40 Â C to +120 Â C. A few are found as endosymbionts of animals .
As a result microbial mats began to produce the atmosphere we know today , in which free oxygen is a vital component .
Because of microbial mats ' ability to use almost anything as `` food '' , there is considerable interest in industrial uses of mats , especially for water treatment and for cleaning up pollution .
The best known physical forms are flat mats and stubby pillars called stromatolites , but there are also spherical forms .
Microbial mats grow at interfaces between different types of material , mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts .
At around the same time they may also have been the birthplace of the more complex eukaryote type of cell , of which all multicellular organisms are composed .
Microbial mats and less complex types of biofilm are found at temperature ranges from â `` 40 Â C to +120 Â C , because variations in pressure affect the temperatures at which water remains liquid .
Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas , they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible , including rocky seabeds and shores , hyper-saline and brackish lagoons , and are found on the floors of the deep oceans .
Amharic is also the official or working language of several of the states within the federal system , including the Amhara Region and the multi-ethnic Southern Nations , Nationalities , and People 's Region , among others .
It is the second most-spoken Semitic language in the world , after Arabic , and the official working language of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia .
Amharic -LRB- amarÉ Ã Ã a -RRB- is a Semitic language spoken in North Central Ethiopia by the Amhara .
Appalachia is a town in Wise County , Virginia , United States .
Evelyn discovers that during Ninny 's temporary stay at the nursing home , Ninny 's house was condemned and torn down . Evelyn , having become good friends with Ninny , offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts .
It tells the story of a Depression-era friendship between two women , Ruth and Idgie , and a 1980s friendship between Evelyn , a middle aged housewife and Ninny , an elderly woman who knew Ruth and Idgie .
Fried Green Tomatoes is a 1991 comedy-drama film based on the novel Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe by Fannie Flagg .
However , the film won an award from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation -LRB- GLAAD -RRB- for best feature film with lesbian content .
Directed by Jon Avnet and written by Fannie Flagg and Carol Sobieski , it stars Kathy Bates , Jessica Tandy , Mary-Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson .
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system .
In 1986 , Reznor joined local band Exotic Birds .
Michael Trent Reznor -LRB- born May 17 , 1965 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , composer , and producer .
In 1985 , he joined The Innocent as a keyboardist .
While he was enrolled in Allegheny College , Reznor joined local band Option 30 , playing three shows a week with them .
Conditions can be a specific time during development \/ life of the organism or limitation to a specific tissue , for example .
It typically contains part of the gene to be targeted , a reporter gene , and a -LRB- dominant -RRB- selectable marker .
Mario R. Capecchi , Martin J. Evans and Oliver Smithies were declared laureates of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on `` principles for introducing specific gene modifications in mice by the use of embryonic stem cells '' , or gene targeting .
Gene targeting can be permanent or conditional .
The method can be used to delete a gene , remove exons , add a gene , and introduce point mutations .
In general , a targeting construct made out of DNA is generated in bacteria .
Gene targeting requires the creation of a specific vector for each gene of interest . However , it can be used for any gene , regardless of transcriptional activity or gene size .
Gianpiero Combi -LRB- November 20 , 1902 , Turin , Piedmont â `` August 12 , 1956 -RRB- was one of Italian football 's greatest goalkeepers of all-time .
Spider-Man has become Marvel 's flagship character , and has often been used as the company mascot .
Marvel has featured Spider-Man in several comic book series , the first and longest-lasting of which is titled The Amazing Spider-Man .
The Spider-Man series broke ground by featuring Peter Parker , a teenage high school student to whose `` self-obsessions with rejection , inadequacy , and loneliness '' young readers could relate .
Over the years , the Peter Parker character has developed from shy , high school student to troubled but outgoing college student , to married high school teacher to , in the late 2000s , a single freelance photographer , his most typical adult role .
Unlike previous teen heroes such as James Buchanan `` Bucky '' Barnes and Robin , Spider-Man did not benefit from being the protÃ gÃ of any adult mentors like Captain America and Batman , and thus had to learn for himself that `` with great power there must also come great responsibility '' â '' a line included in a text box in the final panel of the first Spider-Man story , but later retroactively attributed to his guardian , the late Uncle Ben .
A few months after Spider-Man 's introduction in Amazing Fantasy # 15 -LRB- Aug. 1962 -RRB- , publisher Martin Goodman reviewed the sales figures for that issue and was shocked to find it to have been one of the nascent Marvel 's highest-selling comics . A solo ongoing series followed , beginning with The Amazing Spider-Man # 1 -LRB- March 1963 -RRB- .
Spider-Man has appeared in comics , cartoons , movies , coloring books , novels , records , and children 's books . On television , he appeared as the main character in the animated series Spider-Man , which aired from 1967 â `` 1970 on ABC , the live-action series The Amazing Spider-Man -LRB- 1978 â `` 1979 -RRB- , starring Nicholas Hammond , the syndicated cartoon series Spider-Man -LRB- 1981 â `` 1982 -RRB- , Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends -LRB- 1981 â `` 1983 -RRB- , Spider-Man : The Animated Series -LRB- 1994 â `` 1998 -RRB- , Spider-Man Unlimited -LRB- 1999 â `` 2000 -RRB- , Spider-Man : The New Animated Series -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and The Spectacular Spider-Man -LRB- 2008 â `` 2009 -RRB- .
When Spider-Man first appeared in the early 1960s , teenagers in superhero comic books were usually relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist .
On television , he appeared as the main character in the animated series Spider-Man , which aired from 1967 â `` 1970 on ABC , the live-action series The Amazing Spider-Man -LRB- 1978 â `` 1979 -RRB- , starring Nicholas Hammond , the syndicated cartoon series Spider-Man -LRB- 1981 â `` 1982 -RRB- , Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends -LRB- 1981 â `` 1983 -RRB- , Spider-Man : The Animated Series -LRB- 1994 â `` 1998 -RRB- , Spider-Man Unlimited -LRB- 1999 â `` 2000 -RRB- , Spider-Man : The New Animated Series -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and The Spectacular Spider-Man -LRB- 2008 â `` 2009 -RRB- .
Spider-Man was also the subject of a trilogy of films directed by Sam Raimi and starring actor Tobey Maguire as the title character . The original Spider-Man film was released in 2002 , its first sequel , Spider-Man 2 , premiered in 2004 , and the next sequel , Spider-Man 3 , premiered in 2007 .
Manilla is a city in Crawford County , Iowa , United States , along the West Branch of the West Nishnabotna River .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Boulogne is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil , `` Hunted Down '' was released in June 1987 as the band 's first single .
It is the first track on the band 's first release , the Screaming Life EP -LRB- 1987 -RRB- .
The DC-10 was first ordered by launch customers American Airlines with 25 orders , and United Airlines with 30 orders and 30 options in 1968 .
The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 is a three-engine widebody jet airliner manufactured by McDonnell Douglas .
The DC-10 became McDonnell Douglas 's first commercial airliner after the merger between McDonnell Aircraft Corporation and Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967 .
The DC-10 was succeeded by the related McDonnell Douglas MD-11 .
Production of the DC-10 ended in 1989 with 386 delivered to airlines and 60 to the U.S. Air Force as air-to-air refueling tankers , designated the KC-10 Extender .
The DC-10 's similarity to the L-1011 in terms of passenger capacity and launch in the same timeframe resulted in a head to head sales competition which affected profitability of the aircraft .
In 1966 , American Airlines offered a specification to manufacturers for a widebody aircraft smaller than the Boeing 747 but capable of flying similar long-range routes from airports with shorter runways .
Following an unsuccessful proposal for the US Air Force 's CX-HLS -LRB- Heavy Logistics System -RRB- in 1965 , Douglas Aircraft began design studies based on its CX-HLS design .
The DC-10 , a series 10 model , made its first flight on August 29 , 1970 .
Following a flight test program with 929 flights covering 1,551 hours , the DC-10 was awarded a type certificate from the FAA on July 29 , 1971 . It entered commercial service with American Airlines on August 5 , 1971 on a round trip flight between Los Angeles and Chicago .
The model was a successor to McDonnell Douglas 's DC-8 for long-range operations , and competed in the same markets as the Lockheed L-1011 Tristar , which has a similar layout to the DC-10 .
United Airlines began DC-10 service on August 16 , 1971 .
A weak agnostic would say , `` I do n't know whether any deities exist or not , but maybe one day , when there is evidence , we can find something out . ''
Sentience is a minimalistic way of defining `` consciousness '' , which is otherwise commonly used to collectively describe sentience plus other characteristics of the mind .
Nationwide Arena is a multi-purpose arena , in Columbus , Ohio , USA .
It opened in 2000 and is the home of the Columbus Blue Jackets , of the NHL .
Rapid deepening , also known as rapid intensification , is a meteorological condition that occurs when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone decreases drastically in a short period of time .
The National Weather Service describes rapid deepening as a decrease of 42 millibars in less than 24 hours .
He has also gotten senate approval to return the police to the supervision of LGUs and has authored a law to fix the date for elections of ARMM officials .
He was cheated of victory in the 1995 national elections after running for another term as senator ; he took the case to the Supreme Court eventually winning the suit in 2004 .
As Chair of the Committee on Local Government , he has supported far-reaching amendments to further strengthen the role of local government units in national development .
As chair of the Blue Ribbon Committee , he has recommended the prosecution of top government officials of previous administrations in relation to the Expo Pilipino centennial scam and the misuse of the funds of the Retirement and Separation Benefits Systems of the Armed Forces .
He has also recommended the prosecution of certain personnel of the Land Registration Administration for involvement in faking of land titles .
He then launched a bid for the vice presidency in 1992 , running under the Liberal Party with Jovito Salonga running for president , finishing fifth among the vice presidential candidates by garnering 9.9 % of the vote .
Recently his committee also conducted series of investigations into the allegation of Governor Luis â Chavitâ Singson on jueteng scandal .
Kohima is the hilly capital of India 's north eastern border state of Nagaland which shares its borders with Burma . It lies in Kohima District and is also one of the three Nagaland towns with Municipal council status along with Dimapur and Mokokchung .
As the HDS is being edited in the three official languages of Switzerland , the template contains links to the German , French and Italian versions of the HDS article .
The ID number is apparent in the URL of the HDS article , for example http://www.hls-dhs-dss.ch/textes/d/D16654.php .
Some articles may not yet be available in all languages , but they are supposed to eventually be .
In articles pertaining to the history of Switzerland , to link to the corresponding online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland -LRB- HDS -RRB- article , usually under the `` References '' or `` External links '' heading .
Dead links in one or two languages are therefore no cause for concern .
where ID is the ID number of the HDS article .
Voulpaix is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The British Rail Class 932 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units and diesel electric multiple unit carriages converted for departmental use .
Originally the series was reserved for Research and Tractor units .
In recent years , however , other types have also been given numbers in this series .
Farbus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Alyson Rae Stoner -LRB- born August 11 , 1993 -RRB- is an American actress , dancer and singer .
Stoner is known for her roles in The Suite Life of Zack & Cody -LRB- as Max -RRB- , Cheaper By The Dozen -LRB- as Sarah Baker -RRB- , Step Up -LRB- as Camille Gage -RRB- , and Camp Rock -LRB- as Caitlyn Gellar -RRB- .
In its first official week of sales , the album sold over 497,000 copies , with an increase of 713 % compared to its early sales ; the album 's chart position rocketed to number two on the Billboard 200 . In the same week , it peaked at number one on the Top R&B \/ Hip-Hop Albums chart for two weeks .
Destiny Fulfilled is the fourth and final studio album by American R&B trio Destiny 's Child , released by Columbia Records on November 16 , 2004 in North America .
Destiny Fulfilled has sold over three million copies in the US , and has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on January 14 , 2005 .
The album has sold over 8 million copies worldwide .
The album debuted at number fifty on the Billboard 200 for amassing sales of 61,000 copies .
Alphonse Gabriel `` Al '' Capone -LRB- January 17 , 1899 â `` January 25 , 1947 -RRB- was an American gangster who led a Prohibition-era crime syndicate .
Known as the `` Capones '' , the group was dedicated to smuggling and bootlegging liquor , and other illegal activities such as prostitution , in Chicago from the early 1920s to 1931 .
A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Lombok and the Gili Islands of Indonesia .
Zorgho is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in central-eastern Burkina Faso .
Its capital lies at the town of Zorgho .
According to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 49,648 . .
Kazumasa Kawano -LRB- born 7 November 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Liliales is an order of monocotyledonous flowering plants .
This order of necessity includes the family Liliaceae , but both the family and the order have had a widely disputed history , with the circumscription varying greatly from one taxonomist to another .
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Presles-et-Thierny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Though many of the texts written for women during the Tokugawa period only pertained to how a woman could become a successful wife and household manager , there were those that undertook the challenge of learning to read , and also tackled philosophical and literary classics . Nearly all women of the samurai class were literate by the end of the Tokugawa period .
Nene , wife of Toyotomi Hideyoshi , was known to overrule her husband 's decisions at times and Yodo , his mistress , became the de facto master of Osaka castle and the Toyotomi clan after Hideyoshi 's death .
Marriage criteria began to weigh intelligence and education as desirable attributes in a wife , right along with physical attractiveness .
In Japanese , it was originally pronounced in the pre-Heian period as saburau and later as saburai , then samurai in the Edo period .
Chiyo , wife of Yamauchi Kazutoyo , has long been considered the ideal samurai wife .
After Ashikaga Yoshimasa , 8th shogun of the Muromachi shogunate lost interest in politics , his wife Hino Tomiko largely ruled in his place .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth , and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
Balham station consists of two adjacent stations -LRB- a London Underground station and a National Rail station -RRB- located in the Balham area of south London , England .
The massacre occurred in My Trach Village , My Thuy Commune , Lá '' Thá '' y District , Quang Binh Province , Bac Trung Bo , Vietnam from 12 pm to 2 am on 29 November 1947 .
In the summer of 2005 , the song was used as the theme song in ESPN 's SportsCenter series 50 States in 50 Days .
`` Open Road '' is the first single from Bryan Adams ' 2004 album `` Room Service '' .
It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating , and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with additional required Perl Modules .
With it , it is possible to configure operating system internals , such as users , disk quotas , services or configuration files , as well as modify and control open source apps , such as the Apache HTTP Server , PHP or MySQL .
Albanian Wikipedia is the Albanian language edition of Wikipedia started on October 12 , 2003 .
Rutland is a city in Humboldt County , Iowa , United States .
Ravenden is a town in Lawrence County , Arkansas , United States .
Tomokazu Hirama -LRB- born 30 June 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Calenzano borders the following municipalities : Barberino di Mugello , Campi Bisenzio , Prato , San Piero a Sieve , Sesto Fiorentino , Vaglia , Vaiano .
Calenzano is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 11 km northwest of Florence .
Calenzano has a station on the regional railway connecting it to Prato , Florence , Pistoia and Lucca .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 15,557 and an area of 76.9 kmÂ .
It can be reached by road from the A1 Motorway .
Bus services connect it to Prato , Florence , Campi Bisenzio and Barberino di Mugello .
Tabriz is the site for 14 of Iran 's most prominent universities , the main university of the city is University of Tabriz established in 1947 . University of Tabriz is the most prestigious university in north-western Iran and it is considered one of five mother universities in the country .
dec or Î -RRB- is one of the two coordinates of the equatorial coordinate system , the other being either right ascension or hour angle .
In astronomy , declination -LRB- abbrev .
Declination in astronomy is comparable to geographic latitude , but projected onto the celestial sphere . Declination is measured in degrees north and south of the celestial equator .
The Society also elects Royal Fellows , Honorary Fellows , and Foreign Members .
The Royal Society of London for Improving Natural Knowledge , known simply as the Royal Society , is a learned society for science , and is possibly the oldest such society in existence .
Founded in November 1660 , it was granted a Royal Charter by King Charles II as the `` Royal Society of London '' .
The members of Council and the President are elected from and by its Fellows , the basic members of the Society , who are themselves elected by existing Fellows .
Osogna is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Nathan Abayomi Delfouneso -LRB- born 2 February 1991 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Burnley on loan from Aston Villa .
Simon Fraser University , commonly referred to as SFU , is a Canadian public research university in British Columbia with its main campus on Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , and satellite campuses in Vancouver and Surrey .
The university was named after Simon Fraser , a North West Company fur trader and explorer .
SFU has been rated as Canada 's best comprehensive university -LRB- in 1993 , 1996 , 1997 , 1998 , 2000 , 2008 , 2009 and 2010 -RRB- in the annual rankings of Canadian universities in Maclean 's magazine since 1991 .
SFU 's main campus is located in Burnaby , atop Burnaby Mountain . Two satellite campuses are located in Vancouver 's Downtown at Harbour Centre , and in Surrey .
Research Infosource , Canadaâ s leading provider of research intelligence evaluation , named SFU the top comprehensive university in Canada for â publication effectivenessâ in 2006 .
Italy gets a quarter of its oil from Libya .
Within the United Nations and the Olympic movement , Libya is known as the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya .
Old College is a building of the University of Edinburgh .
Chamoy is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Hmong groups are often named after the dominant colors or patterns of their traditional clothing . These Hmong groups include the Black Hmong -LRB- Hmoob Dub or Hmong Den -RRB- , Striped Hmong -LRB- Hmoob Txaij or Hmoob Quas Npab -RRB- , Hmong Shi , Hmong Pe , Hmong Pua , and Hmong Xau , Hmong Xanh -LRB- Green Hmong -RRB- , Hmong Do -LRB- Red Hmong -RRB- , Na Mieo and various other subgroups .
These include the Flower Hmong or the Variegated Hmong -LRB- Hmong Lenh or Hmong Hoa -RRB- , so named because of the the bright colorful embroidery -LRB- called pa ndau , literally `` flower cloth '' -RRB- in their traditional dark blue clothing .
Several states with Hmong populations issued official translations only in the Hmong Der dialect .
Thus , he advocates the usage of both `` Hmong '' and `` Mong '' when referring to the entire ethnic group .
While some Hmong returned to their villages and attempted to resume life under the new regime , thousands more made the trek across the Mekong River into Thailand , often under attack . This marked the beginning of a mass exodus of Hmong from Laos .
This is the HTML color code for the neutral color of the tropical cyclone statistics tables .
America 's Next Top Model -LRB- now retroactively known as America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 1 -RRB- is a reality show hosted by supermodel Tyra Banks , which aims to find the next top fashion model .
The city is adjacent to San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery .
San Bruno is a city in San Mateo County , California , United States .
The population was 40,165 at the 2000 census .
The Atlantic bluefin tuna is a close relative of the other two bluefin tuna species -- the Pacific bluefin tuna and the southern bluefin tuna .
Chapelle-Vallon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
As a place of settlement Hanau was first mentioned in 1143 .
During World War II , Hanau was for the most part destroyed by British airstrikes in March 1945 a few days before it was taken by the US Army .
It is located 25 km east of Frankfurt am Main .
Hanau is a town in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis , in Hesse , Germany .
He completed his final grandmaster norm at age 14 years , 4 months , in 2005 .
Maxime Vachier-Lagrave -LRB- born October 21 , 1990 -RRB- is a French chess Grandmaster and the reigning World Junior Chess Champion .
Wolfenden started out at Oldham Athletic , his hometown club , before moving to Wales to play for Wrexham in the summer of 2009 .
ZdenÄ k Grygera -LRB- born 14 May 1980 -RRB- is a Czech football player who is currently playing for Italian club Juventus .
The Mauritania national football team , nicknamed Mourabitounes , is the national team of Mauritania and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration de Foot-Ball de la RÃ public Islamique de Mauritanie and is a member of CAF .
It is named after the nearby All Saints , Poplar , a church dating from 1821-3 .
All Saints DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in east London .
The station entrance is on the East India Dock Road , opposite Chrisp Street Market .
His father 's stroke and subsequent death in 1746 interrupted his studies . Kant became a private tutor in the smaller towns surrounding KÃ nigsberg , but continued his scholarly research .
In his entire life , he never traveled more than ten miles from KÃ nigsberg .
With the success and wide influence of Hegel 's writings , Kant 's influence began to wane , though there was in Germany a movement that hailed a return to Kant in the 1860s , beginning with the publication of Kant und die Epigonen in 1865 by Otto Liebmann . His motto was `` Back to Kant '' , and a re-examination of his ideas began -LRB- See Neo-Kantianism -RRB- .
He continued to develop his moral philosophy , notably in 1788 's Critique of Practical Reason -LRB- known as the second Critique -RRB- and 1797 â s Metaphysics of Morals . The 1790 Critique of Judgment -LRB- the third Critique -RRB- applied the Kantian system to aesthetics and teleology .
In 2005 , that Russian-speaking university was renamed Immanuel Kant State University of Russia in honor of Kant .
Kant was disappointed with the first Critique 's reception .
Immanuel Kant -LRB- 22 April 1724 â `` 12 February 1804 -RRB- was a professor of philosophy at KÃ nigsberg , in Prussia , researching , lecturing and writing on philosophy during and at the end of the 18th Century Enlightenment .
The name changed to British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1954 , to British Commonwealth Games in 1970 and assumed the current name of the Commonwealth Games in 1978 .
The name of the event was changed to the British Empire and Commonwealth Games and the flag was retired as a result .
The Commonwealth Games is an international , multi-sport event involving athletes from the Commonwealth of Nations .
The event was first held in 1930 under the title of the British Empire Games in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Thalheim is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Roussel 's orchestration is rather heavy compared to the subtle and nuanced style of other French composers like Gabriel FaurÃ or Claude Debussy .
Roussel was by temperament a classicist .
He spent time in the French Navy , and in 1889 and 1890 he served on the crew of the frigate IphigÃ nie and spent several years in Cochinchina .
Rene Leibowitz recorded that suite in 1952 with the Paris Philharmonic , and Georges PrÃ tre recorded it with the Orchestre National de France for EMI in 1984 .
Roussel was also interested in jazz and wrote a piano-vocal composition entitled Jazz dans la nuit , which was similar in its inspiration to other jazz-inspired works such as the second movement of Ravel 's Violin Sonata , or Milhaud 's La CrÃ ation du Monde .
His other works include numerous ballets , orchestral suites , a piano concerto , a concertino for cello and orchestra , a psalm setting for chorus and orchestra , incidental music for the theater , and much chamber music , solo piano music , and songs .
Arturo Toscanini included the suite from the ballet Le festin de l'araign Ã e in one of his broadcast concerts with the NBC Symphony Orchestra .
Roussel 's training at the Schola Cantorum , with its emphasis on rigorous academic models such as Palestrina and Bach , left its mark on his mature style , which is characterized by contrapuntal textures .
During World War I , he served as an ambulance driver on the Western Front .
Following the war , he bought a summer house in Normandy and devoted most of his time there to composition .
Albert Charles Paul Marie Roussel -LRB- 5 April 1869 - 23 August 1937 -RRB- was a French composer .
His students included Satie and Edgard VarÃ se .
After resigning from the Navy in 1894 , he began to study music seriously with EugÃ ne Gigout , then continued his studies until 1908 at the Schola Cantorum de Paris where one of his teachers was Vincent d'Indy .
His early works were strongly influenced by the impressionism of Debussy and Ravel , while he later turned toward neoclassicism .
He spent seven years as a midshipman , turned to music as an adult , and became one of the most prominent French composers of the interwar period .
Roussel 's most important works were the ballets Le festin de l'araign Ã e , Bacchus et Ariane , and Aeneas and the four symphonies , of which the Third in G minor , and the Fourth in A major , are highly regarded and epitomize his mature neoclassical style .
Born in Tourcoing -LRB- Nord -RRB- , Roussel 's earliest interest was not in music but mathematics .
The earthquakeâ '' which left 50,000 homeless and damaged or destroyed over 15,000 homesâ '' was described as the deadliest of 1997 by the United States Geological Survey .
On May 10 , 1997 , Northern Iran 's Khorasan Province was struck by a major earthquake known as the Qayen , Ardekul or Qaen earthquake .
The largest in the area since 1990 , it measured 7.3 on the moment magnitude scale and was centered approximately 270 k south of Mashhad on the village of Ardekul .
Albon-d ` Ard Ã che is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Fairfield is a city and county seat of Jefferson County , Iowa , United States .
Arguably the most famous Japanese ghost story of all time , it has been adapted for film over 30 times , and continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today .
The ShintÅ hÅ studio produced several versions , including Yotsuya Kaidan -LRB- å è æ è `` Yotsuya Kaidan -RRB- , a 1956 black and white film by Masaki MÅ ri , and Nobuo Nakagawa 's 1959 TÅ kaidÅ Yotsuya Kaidan , which is often considered the finest screen adaptation of the story .
Hiroki Kishida is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Fagiano Okayama F.C. .
Despite the fact that rubidium hydroxide is rarely used in normal industrial processes , it is notable that the synthesis of nearly all rubidium compounds involves rubidium hydroxide as an intermediate .
Rubidium hydroxide is a corrosive compound that causes immediate burns to the skin on contact .
Natural rubidium oxide is added to water , and the resulting reaction forms soluble rubidium hydroxide as a product .
Oakland Park also borders Fort Lauderdale on the west side of its northeastern portion . The greater portion of Fort Lauderdale in the south is bordered , along its north side by Wilton Manors .
The Blue Earth River is a tributary of the Minnesota River , 108 miles -LRB- 174 km -RRB- long , in southern Minnesota in the United States , it is also a Minnesota Department of Natural Resources designated Water Trail .
Two of its headwaters tributaries , the Middle Branch Blue Earth River and the West Branch Blue Earth River , also flow for short distances in northern Iowa .
Via the Minnesota River , the Blue Earth River is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River , draining an area of 3,486 square miles -LRB- 9,029 kmÂ -RRB- in an agricultural region . Ninety percent of the river 's watershed is in Minnesota .
1,000 Hours is the debut EP by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Euroa is roughly midway between Melbourne and Albury .
The name Euroa comes from an Aboriginal word in the old local dialect meaning `` joyful '' .
The town has an Australian Rules football team the `` Euroa Magpies '' competing in the Goulburn Valley Football League .
The main road from Melbourne northward is the Hume Highway .
Euroa is a town in the Shire of Strathbogie in North-East Victoria , Australia .
Golfers play at the course of the Euroa Golf Club on Walters Road .
Euroa contains several retirement villages , one high school , and two primary schools -LRB- one Catholic -RRB- .
At the 2006 census , Euroa had a population of 2,776 .
A by-pass was constructed around Euroa about 15 years ago and since then Euroa has been a quiet town with little growth or business potential .
The town is located on the main North East railway , and is served by V\/Line passenger services from Euroa station .
Major T.L. Mitchell camped on the banks of the Sevens Creek at Euroa during his 1836 `` Australia Felix '' expedition .
Mike Rodriguez -LRB- born April 20 , 1989 -RRB- is an Ecuadorian footballer . He currently plays for Ecuadorian giants Barcelona SC .
Prignac-en-M Ã doc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The 2008 â `` 09 Boston Bruins season is the Bruins ' 84th season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Commes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Cosimo Rosselli -LRB- 1439 -- after 1506 -RRB- was an Italian painter of the Quattrocento , active mainly in his birthplace of Florence .
Alachua is a city in Alachua County , Florida , United States .
The Colorful Puffleg -LRB- Eriocnemis mirabilis -RRB- is a critically endangered hummingbird endemic to Colombia .
The Colorful Puffleg population is estimated at around 50-250 adult birds .
The first edition was titled : Oliver Twist ; or , The Parish Boy 's Progress .
Tilga is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Helen Louise Herron `` Nellie '' Taft -LRB- June 2 , 1861 -- May 22 , 1943 -RRB- was the wife of William Howard Taft and First Lady of the United States from 1909 to 1913 .
The Karmapa -LRB- officially His Holiness the Gyalwa Karmapa -RRB- is the head of the Karma Kagyu , the largest sub-school of the Kagyupa -LRB- Tibetan Bka ' brgyud -RRB- , itself one of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism .
It is a parody\/cover of `` Money for Nothing '' by Dire Straits and The Beverly Hillbillies theme song .
`` Money for Nothing\/Beverly Hillbillies \* '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
Originally the title of the song was going to be simply `` Beverly Hillbillies '' ; however , the title of the song was changed to `` Money for Nothing\/Beverly Hillbillies \* '' -LRB- with an asterisk -RRB- , and it is legally copyrighted and registered as such .
Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- is the highest level of professional baseball in the United States and Canada .
It is composed of 30 teams â '' 29 in the United States and one in Canada .
The Zuiderzee Works are a manmade system of dams , land reclamation and water drainage works , the largest hydraulic engineering project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
The complex at Den Oever includes the Stevin lock and three series of five sluices for discharging the IJsselmeer into the Wadden Sea ; the other complex at Kornwerderzand is composed of the Lorentz locks and two series of five sluices , making a total of 25 discharge sluices .
Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Barons Court is between West Kensington and Hammersmith on the District Line , and between Earl 's Court and Hammersmith on the Piccadilly Line .
Barons Court is a London Underground station in West Kensington , Greater London .
The station is located on Gliddon Road , a short distance from Talgarth Road -LRB- A4 -RRB- in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
It is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
SacavÃ m is located in the eastern part of Loures municipality , bordering the parishes of Unhos -LRB- northwest -RRB- , Camarate -LRB- west -RRB- , Prior Velho -LRB- southwest -RRB- , Portela -LRB- south -RRB- as well as Moscavide -LRB- southeast -RRB- .
To the east lies the river Tagus , and to north the TrancÃ # o -LRB- formerly known as SacavÃ m River -RRB- , separating SacavÃ m from the Bobadela parish .
SacavÃ m was very well-known for its famous ceramics .
When Mussolini took power in Italy he turned with renewed interest to Albania . Italy began penetration of Albania 's economy in 1925 , when Albania agreed to allow Italy to exploit its mineral resources .
The conflict was a result of the expansionist policies of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini .
It is bounded by -LRB- from the north and clockwise -RRB- the districts of Ansbach , WeiÃ enburg-Gunzenhausen , EichstÃ tt , Neuburg-Schrobenhausen , Aichach-Friedberg , Augsburg and Dillingen , and by the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg -LRB- districts of Heidenheim and Ostalbkreis -RRB- .
Donau-Ries -LRB- Danube-Ries -RRB- is a district in Bavaria , Germany .
Jefferson City was named after Thomas Jefferson , the third president of the United States .
John Malcolm Fraser AC , CH , GCL , PC -LRB- Ë freÉ zÉ ; born 21 May 1930 -RRB- is a former Australian Liberal Party politician who was the 22nd Prime Minister of Australia .
Kosuke Kitani is a Japanese football player who plays for Sagan Tosu .
Cedar Valley is a city in Logan County , Oklahoma , United States .
Saint-Martin-Choquel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Founded on March 13 , 1933 , by Adolf Hitler 's new National Socialist government , the Ministry was headed by Dr. Joseph Goebbels and was responsible for controlling the press and culture of Nazi Germany .
The Reich Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda -LRB- German : Reichsministerium fÃ 1\/4 r VolksaufklÃ rung und Propaganda or Propagandaministerium -RRB- was Nazi Germany 's ministry that enforced Nazi Party ideology in Germany and regulated its culture and society .
Southern Gothic is a subgenre of gothic fiction unique to American literature that takes place exclusively in the American South .
Fairview Heights is a city in St. Clair County , Illinois , United States .
It is a part of the Barisal Division .
Jhalokati is a district in South-western Bangladesh .
Under the current Constitution -LRB- adopted in 1980 -RRB- , the President is elected to serve for a period of four years , with immediate re-election being prohibited .
The term was used by Bill Drake in the 1969 History of Rock & Roll radio broadcast , and by Rob Reiner in the 1984 mockumentary film This Is Spinal Tap .
The term rockumentary is a neologism denoting a documentary about rock music or its musicians .
Mark Rutte -LRB- ; born 14 February 1967 -RRB- is a Dutch politician of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy -LRB- VVD -RRB- .
He has been the Prime Minister of the Netherlands since 14 October 2010 .
This template converts county names to political control for English administrative counties .
Riviera Beach is a city in Palm Beach County , Florida , U.S.A. which was incorporated September 29 , 1922 .
Dianetics is a set of ideas and practices regarding the metaphysical relationship between the mind and body that was invented by the science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard and is practiced by followers of Scientology . Hubbard coined Dianetics from the Greek stems dia , meaning through , and nous , meaning mind .
A cauldron or caldron -LRB- from earlier cauderon , from Anglo-French , from Latin caldÄ rium `` hot bath '' , from calidus `` warm '' -RRB- is a large metal pot -LRB- kettle -RRB- for cooking and\/or boiling over an open fire , with a large mouth and frequently with an arc-shaped hanger .
Idaho Falls is a city in and the county seat of Bonneville County , Idaho , United States , and the largest city in Eastern Idaho .
Ourton is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Mark McGwire and Rafael Palmeiro are the only currently eligible club members not elected to the Hall .
Membership in the 500 home run club is sometimes described as a guarantee of eventual entry into the Baseball Hall of Fame , although some believe the milestone has become less meaningful in recent years .
Additionally , several of these recent members have had ties to performance-enhancing drugs .
On August 11 , 1929 , Babe Ruth became the first member of the club .
Ruth ended his career with 714 home runs , a record which stood from 1935 until Hank Aaron surpassed it in 1974 .
Four 500 home run club membersâ '' Aaron , Mays , Eddie Murray , and Rafael Palmeiroâ '' are also members of the 3,000 hit club .
Sheffield 's 500th home run was his first career home run with the New York Mets , the first time that a player 's 500th home run was also his first with his franchise .
Twenty-five players are members of the 500 home run club .
Gary Sheffield is the most recent to reach 500 home runs , doing so on April 17 , 2009 .
In Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- , the 500 home run club is a term applied to the group of batters who have hit 500 or more regular-season home runs in their careers .
Some believe the milestone has become less important with the large number of new members ; 10 players joined the club from 1999 to 2009 .
Aaron 's ultimate career total , 755 , remained the record until Barry Bonds set the current mark of 762 during the 2007 season .
The San Francisco Giants are the only franchise to see four players reach the milestone while on their roster : Mel Ott while the team was in New York , Willie Mays , Willie McCovey , and most recently Bonds .
Eligibility requires that a player has `` been retired five seasons '' or be deceased for at least six months , disqualifying nine living players who have been active within the past five seasons .
Of these 25 players , 13 were right-handed batters , 10 were left-handed , and 2 were switch hitters , meaning they could bat from either side of the plate .
Some believe that by not electing McGwire to the Hall the voters were establishing a `` referendum '' on how they would treat players from the `` Steroid Era '' .
Alex Rodriguez , at 32 years and 8 days , was the youngest player to reach the milestone while Ted Williams , at 41 years and 291 days , was the oldest .
ChÃ zery-Forens is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
AssÃ - le-B Ã renger is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Uplifting Trance is also known as `` Anthem trance '' , `` Epic trance '' , `` Stadium trance '' or `` Euphoric trance '' .
Trance music is broken into a large number of genres . Chronologically , the major genres are Classic trance , Acid trance , Progressive trance , and Uplifting Trance .
Mullah Mohammed Omar -LRB- ; born c. 1959 -RRB- , often simply called Mullah Omar , is the spiritual leader of the Taliban movement that operates in parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Few photos exist of him , none of them official , and a picture used in 2002 by many media outlets , has since been established to be another Taliban official .
Despite his political rank and his high status on the FBI 's wanted list , not much is publicly known about him .
He was Afghanistan 's de facto head of state from 1996 to late 2001 , under the official title `` Head of the Supreme Council '' .
He is believed to be in Pakistan directing the Taliban insurgency against NATO forces and the Karzai administration in Afghanistan .
He held the title Commander of the Faithful of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , which was officially recognized by Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates .
PÃ riers-sur-le-Dan is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Kosuke Yoshii is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
The south gallery of the nave is home to The Stained Glass Museum , a collection of stained glass from the 13th century to the present that is of national importance and includes works from notable contemporary artists including Ervin Bossanyi .
Several details of its decoration , particularly the ` syncopated arches ' and the use of Purbeck marble shafts , reflect the influence of St Hugh 's Choir at Lincoln Cathedral , built a few years earlier .
Under Bishop Northwold , work began on a new eastern end in 1234 , replacing the short Norman chancel with a much grander 10-bay structure .
Construction work continued throughout the 12th century .
After the end of her second marriage to Ecgfrith , a prince of Northumbria , she set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673 , and , when she died , a shrine was built there to her memory .
Ely Cathedral -LRB- in full , The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Ely -RRB- is the principal church of the Diocese of Ely , in Cambridgeshire , England , and is the seat of the Bishop of Ely and a suffragan bishop , the Bishop of Huntingdon .
See also the List of Organ Scholars at Ely Cathedral .
It was originally a two-storey structure -LRB- it was opened up into a single vaulted space in the 18th century -RRB- where liturgical processions could gather before entering the nave .
The present cathedral was started by Abbot Simeon -LRB- 1082 â `` 1094 , brother of Walkelin , the then bishop of Winchester -RRB- under William I in 1083 .
A Galilee porch was added under Bishop Eustace -LRB- 1198 â `` 1215 -RRB- in the Early English Gothic style .
Northwold 's chancel , completed by around 1252 , adopted several of the stylistic elements already used in the Galilee porch .
The Western transepts and tower were completed under Bishop Ridel -LRB- 1174 â `` 89 -RRB- in an exuberant Romanesque style with a rich decoration of intersecting arches and complex mouldings .
In 1539 , during Henry VIII 's Dissolution of the Monasteries , the cathedral suffered only minor damage , but St Etheldreda 's shrine was destroyed .
The main transepts were built early on , crossing the nave below a central tower , and are the oldest surviving part of the cathedral .
The Anglo-Saxon church was demolished , but some of its relics , such as the remains of its benefactors , were moved to the cathedral .
The first Christian building on the site was founded by St. Ã thelthryth -LRB- romanised as `` Etheldreda '' -RRB- , daughter of the Anglo-Saxon King Anna of East Anglia , who was born in 630 at Exning near Newmarket .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 945 square miles -LRB- 2,447 kmÂ -RRB- , of which 933 square miles -LRB- 2,415 kmÂ -RRB- is land and 12 square miles -LRB- 32 kmÂ -RRB- -LRB- 1.30 % -RRB- is water .
The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Saxon Duchies held by the Ernestine line of the Wettin Dynasty .
Established in 1672 for Bernhard , fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe-Weimar , Saxe-Jena was reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard 's line in 1690 .
It travels from State Road 826 -LRB- Palmetto Expressway -RRB- and State Road 924 -LRB- Gratigny Parkway -RRB- in Hialeah , Florida -LRB- northwest of Miami -RRB- to Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan , at the Ontario , Canada , border .
Interstate 75 -LRB- I-75 -RRB- is a major north -- south Interstate Highway in the Great Lakes and Southeastern regions of the United States .
`` We , ------ by the grace of God , Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias , of Moscow , Kiev , Vladimir , Novgorod , Tsar of Kazan , Tsar of Astrakhan , Tsar of Poland , Tsar of Siberia , Tsar of Tauric Chersonesos , Tsar of Georgia , Lord of Pskov , and Grand Duke of Smolensk , Lithuania , Volhynia , Podolia , and Finland , and so forth , and so forth , and so forth . ''
Early electromechanical instruments , such as the Ondes Martenot , appeared early in the century .
Keyboard instruments were further developed in the early 20th century .
Stefan Effenberg -LRB- born 2 August 1968 -RRB- is a retired German footballer .
Willem Kes -LRB- 16 February 1856 -- 22 February 1934 -RRB- , was a Dutch conductor and violinist .
He was the first principal conductor of the Concertgebouw Orchestra of Amsterdam , holding that position from 1888 to 1895 .
From 1905 to 1926 , Kes was director of a music conservatory in Koblenz .
They originate from the protection symbols .
CSS is used to move a small piece of HTML from the content area of a wikipage to somewhere else on that page , usually in the top-right at the same height as the title of the wikipage .
However , due to how the icons are implemented , they have a tendency to break rather easily , for instance when sitenotices are active .
This is a metatemplate used to help build top icons , little -LRB- usually 15x15 pixels -RRB- icons in the top-right area of -LRB- mostly -RRB- userpages and user talk pages .
Because CSS is used , the icons require specific CSS for each individual skin .
Editors have been increasingly using the same trick to add custom icons to their userpages .
Currently only Monobook , Modern and Vector are supported .
The only supported top icons are the three used in article space ; the protection lock , the spoken article speaker icon and the featured article star .
Note that officially , the top icons on userpages are allowed to break at any time .
However , when sitenotices are active , the icons are likely differently aligned and may cross the header line .
However if you use this template , your icons will be automatically fixed permanently once we do find a solution .
Other technical changes that are important to the entire mediawiki software or changes to article space will always be more important than keeping the userspace top icons working .
The top icons are a hack .
ATM there is no way to fix this , and user top icons have a lower priority than the top icons for articles -LRB- which do work in all cases -RRB- .
This template is therefore meant to simplify support , not to guarantee it .
Any top icons that use this template are safe for sitenotices etc. .
Because it is impossible to correct this for each and every userpage every time the top icons are broken -LRB- not to mention a waste of valuable editor time -RRB- , a new template and class -LRB- topicon -RRB- were introduced to make it simpler to support the icons .
Astore is one of the six districts of the Gilgit Baltistan .
The district contains the Astore Valley and is bounded to the west by Diamer District -LRB- from which is was separated in 2004 -RRB- , to the north by Gilgit District , to the east by Skardu District and to the south by Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Neelum District of Azad Kashmir .
A party is a public or private social gathering .
It was named in January 2005 after Narvi from Norse mythology , also known as Narfi or Nari , a son of Loki by Sigyn who was killed to punish Loki for his crimes .
Narvi , or Saturn XXXI , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
His entrails were used to bind Loki to a stone slab for all eternity , or at least until Ragnarok .
The name was approved by the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature on January 21 , 2005 .
The gods turned his brother VÃ li into a slavering wolf who tore his throat out .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 , and given the temporary designation S\/2003 S 1 .
Narvi is about 6.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,371,000 km in 1006.541 days , at an inclination of 137 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 109 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.320 .
Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality in the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
British Rail Class D3\/5 was a shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Darlington Works in England .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period and the class was numbered 13152 â `` 13166 -LRB- later renumbered D3152-D3166 -RRB- .
The two island hog deer may be remnants of a widespread population of hog deer that at one time were connected to the hog deer populations of mainland Southeast Asia and inhabited vast areas of the Sunda Shelf during times of lower ocean levels .
The Hog Deer -LRB- Axis porcinus -RRB- is a small deer whose habitat ranges from Pakistan , through northern India , to mainland southeast Asia .
They often describe scattered disc objects as `` scattered Kuiper belt objects . ''
Since the belt was discovered in 1992 , the number of known Kuiper belt objects -LRB- KBOs -RRB- has increased to over a thousand , and more than 70,000 KBOs over 100 k in diameter are believed to exist .
Linen is a textile made from the fibers of the flax plant , Linum usitatissimum .
Fairbanks is home to the University of Alaska Fairbanks , the oldest college in Alaska .
Since 1949 Fairbanks 's average winter temperature has risen by 7.7 Â F -LRB- 4.3 Â C -RRB- , average spring temperature by 3.8 Â F -LRB- 2.1 Â C -RRB- , and its average summer temperature by 2.3 Â F -LRB- 1.3 Â C -RRB- . During the same period , Fairbanks ' average autumn temperature has fallen by 0.4 Â F -LRB- 0.2 Â C -RRB- .
During the World War II the city was heavily bombed by the Anglo-American forces and has been subsequently rebuilt three kilometers north toward Bologna : the new town now is called Pianoro Nuovo -LRB- New Pianoro -RRB- and the remains of the old are called Pianoro Vecchio -LRB- Old Pianoro -RRB- .
100 Greatest Britons was broadcast in 2002 by the BBC .
All of the top 10 were deceased by the year of broadcast .
He also invented Drinking Chocolate Milk and gave his name to Sloane Square in London , and Sir Hans Slone Square in his birthplace Killyleagh .
Sir Hans Sloane , 1st Baronet , PRS -LRB- 16 April 1660 -- 11 January 1753 -RRB- was an Ulster-Scot physician and collector , notable for bequeathing his collection to the British nation which became the foundation of the British Museum .
The band 's name is a reference to Doc Martens shoes , which were a staple of punk dress .
The Bouncing Souls are a punk rock band from New Brunswick , New Jersey , formed in 1987 .
AbbÃ court is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
British archaeologist D.G. Hogarth published The Nearer East in 1902 , which helped to define the term and its extent , including the Balkan Peninsula -LRB- Albania , Montenegro , southern Serbia , Bulgaria and Greece -RRB- , Egypt , Anatolia , Armenia the entire Arabian Peninsula , and western parts of Iran .
The Sino-Japanese War in 1894 â `` 1895 occurred in the Far East .
The term Near East came into use in the 1890s , when European powers were faced with two critical situations in the `` east '' .
In the Classical period and afterwards , sonatas for piano solo were the most common genre of sonata , with sonatas for violin and piano or cello and piano being next .
Much of the route of Interstate 91 follows the Connecticut River , running from Hartford , Connecticut northward to St. Johnsbury , Vermont .
The interstate 's southern end is in New Haven , Connecticut at Interstate 95 ; its northern end is at Derby Line , Vermont , a village in the town of Derby , at the Canadian border , where it continues as Autoroute 55 .
Interstate 91 -LRB- abbreviated I-91 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the New England region of the United States .
Skara Brae is a Neolithic settlement in Orkney , Scotland .
Coincy is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Toyotomi Hideyoshi was a daimyo in the Sengoku period who unified the political factions of Japan .
The period of his rule is often called the Momoyama period , named after Hideyoshi 's castle .
Users who appear to be children editing in good faith who disclose identifying personal information should be informed of the potential dangers of such disclosure . They should be advised that disclosing personal information is a bad idea and is potentially dangerous .
Deletion and oversight may be used in appropriate cases to remove the information .
If they are not disruptive , personal information may be removed and the user advised as shown below .
Sometimes the user is immature and ends up being blocked for disruption .
The Julien Dubuque Bridge serves as the connection between East Dubuque and Dubuque . Illinois Route 35 serves as the primary connection between East Dubuque and Wisconsin .
Portland and Weymouth together form the borough of Weymouth and Portland .
Como -LRB- CÃ mm in the local variety of Western Lombard -RRB- is a city and comune in Lombardy , Italy . It is the administrative capital of the Province of Como .
Alsip was settled in the 1830s by German and Dutch farmers . The village is named after Frank Alsip , the owner of a brickyard that opened there in 1885 .
An airfoil -LRB- in American English -RRB- or aerofoil -LRB- in British English -RRB- is the shape of a wing or blade -LRB- of a propeller , rotor or turbine -RRB- or sail as seen in cross-section .
An automatic list is available at Special : Listusers\/oversight .
Staufen is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Keane posted a message on their official page on 14 November 2001 stating :
In 1995 , he asked his friend Tim Rice-Oxley to form a band to play covers from U2 , Oasis and The Beatles .
`` One sad piece of news for us is that in July our guitarist Dom decided to leave the band and return to his studies at LSE .
Scott left in July 2001 , after the release of the single `` Wolf at the Door '' , apparently due to musical differences with Rice-Oxley , the other songwriter of the band .
The band was called The Lotus Eaters from 1995 to 1997 .
We wish him all the best with that .
Rice-Oxley commented in Mexico : `` Dom is a great fan of U2 so maybe we 'll meet in New York '' -LRB- since Keane often opened for U2 in 2005 . -RRB-
Dominic Scott -LRB- born 15 May 1979 -RRB- is an Irish guitarist , and the founder of the English rock band Roundstone and rock band Keane .
They invited Richard Hughes for the drums .
Alice DeeJay is a Dutch electronic music group , who achieved success from 1999 to 2002 .
The group consisted of record producers Pronti -LRB- born Sebastiaan Molijn -RRB- , Kalmani -LRB- born Eelke Kalberg -RRB- and DJ Jurgen with Marc Lee-Smith remixing and the DJ 's From Mars lead singer Judith Anna Pronk .
Cucuron is a village -LRB- commune -RRB- in the Vaucluse department , of the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region , in southeastern France .
Vowles remained a member of Massive Attack until shortly after the release of their third full-length album , Mezzanine , in 1998 .
Vowles grew up in Bath , attending Newbridge Junior School .
He also had expressed a dislike for touring , an activity which he characterised as `` pimping '' .
Interviews with band members have pointed to differences of opinion in the direction the band should go ; Vowles preferring a hip-hop direction while Robert Del Naja and Daddy G leaned more towards darker electronica themes .
Andrew Lee Isaac Vowles -LRB- born 10 November 1967 , Southmead Hospital , Bristol , England -RRB- , also known as Mushroom , is a founding member of British trip-hop collective Massive Attack .
Prior to Massive Attack , Vowles , along with Robert Del Naja , Grant Marshall , Nellee Hooper , and others were the Wild Bunch crew , named after a Western by Sam Peckinpah .
Several members of The Wild Bunch formed Massive Attack .
AmbÃ rieux-en-Dombes is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
Stanstead is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , England .
The term neuropsychology has been applied to lesion studies in humans and animals .
Neuropsychology studies the structure and function of the brain related to specific psychological processes and behaviors .
It has also been applied to efforts to record electrical activity from individual cells -LRB- or groups of cells -RRB- in higher primates -LRB- including some studies of human patients -RRB- .
Bougy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Port-de-Bouc is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
The Atlanta Hawks are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta , Georgia . They are part of the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
Despite this , the Hawks were one of the league 's worst teams , and in 1955 the Hawks moved yet again , this time to St. Louis , Missouri .
The franchise was formed in 1946 as the National Basketball League 's Buffalo Bisons , playing at Buffalo Memorial Auditorium in Buffalo , New York and featuring guard\/forward and coach Deanglo King . However , on December 27 , 1946 â '' only thirteen games into their inaugural season â '' owner Ben Kerner moved the team to Moline , Illinois , which at that time was part of an area known as the `` Tri-Cities '' -LRB- now the Quad Cities -RRB- .
Vicente M. Piccio -LRB- born March 1 , 1927 in Iloilo , Iloilo -RRB- is a retired major general of the Philippine Air Force .
Kontich -LRB- old spelling : Contich -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Mar del Plata is an Argentine city located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean , 400 k south of Buenos Aires .
Mar del Plata has a wide range of services in this sector .
Mar del Plata is the second largest city of Buenos Aires Province .
With a population of 614,350 as per the , it is the 7th largest city in Argentina .
or read ... Brain Cancer is a type of Cancer that spreads throughout your brain .
Fort Nelson had a population of 4,514 people in 2006 , which was an increase of 7.8 % from the 2001 census count .
Fort Nelson lies near the confluence of Fort Nelson River -LRB- which took the name from the town -RRB- , Muskwa River and Prophet River .
The forests surrounding Fort Nelson are part of Canada 's boreal forest .
Fort Nelson is a town of approximately 5000 residents in British Columbia 's northeastern corner . It is the administrative center of the newly formed Northern Rockies Regional Municipality , a first for BC .
Only the dimensions of the cross are formally established since 1889 : `` The coat of arms of the federation is , within a red field , an upright white cross , whose -LRB- four -RRB- arms of equal length are a sixth longer than their width . ''
A ratio of 2:3 or 7:10 to the span of the flag is usual .
The river was known as Alutus or Aluta in Roman antiquity .
It flows through the Romanian counties Harghita , Covasna , BraÅ ov , Sibiu , VÃ cents lcea and Olt .
The following towns and villages are situated along the river Olt , from source to mouth -LRB- incomplete list -RRB- : BÄ lan , SÃ cents ndominic , Miercurea-Ciuc , SfÃ cents ntu Gheorghe , FÄ gÄ raÅ , Brezoi , CÄ limÄ neÅ ti , RÃ cents mnicu VÃ cents lcea , DrÄ gÄ Å ani , Slatina , DrÄ gÄ neÅ ti-Olt .
The Olt River -LRB- Romanian and Hungarian ; ; Latin : Aluta or Alutus -RRB- is a river in Romania .
Juan Donoso CortÃ s , marquÃ s de Valdegamas -LRB- May 6 , 1809 â `` May 3 , 1853 -RRB- , Spanish author , political theorist , and diplomat , was born at Valle de la Serena -LRB- Extremadura -RRB- .
Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
Vesta was the virgin goddess of the hearth , home , and family in Roman religion .
Its county seat is Newark .
Essex County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Kenichi Uemura is a former Japanese football player .
It is also responsible for controlling several major points and autonomic functions of the body :
The medulla contains the cardiac , respiratory , vomiting and vasomotor centers and deals with autonomic , involuntary functions , such as breathing , heart rate and blood pressure .
In discussions of neurology and similar contexts where no ambiguity will result , it is often referred to as simply the medulla .
The medulla oblongata is the lower half of the brainstem .
The medulla oblongata controls autonomic functions , and relays nerve signals between the brain and spinal cord .
ChartÃ ves is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Lady 's slipper orchids , lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids are the orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioidea , which includes the genera Cypripedium , Mexipedium , Paphiopedilum , Phragmipedium and Selenipedium .
They are characterised by the slipper-shaped pouches -LRB- modified labellums -RRB- of the flowers -- the pouch traps insects so they are forced to climb up past the staminode , behind which they collect or deposit pollinia , thus fertilising the flower .
This subfamily has been considered by some to be a family Cypripediaceae , separate from the Orchidaceae .
The lady 's slipper is also known in the United States of America as the moccasin flower , from its resemblance to a shoe or moccasin .
It was one of the earliest operating systems to be built on top of the Linux kernel and is the oldest currently being maintained . Slackware was created by Patrick Volkerding of Slackware Linux , Inc. in 1993 .
Adriano Gerlin da Silva -LRB- born September 20 , 1974 in Dracena -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
The Oireachtas , sometimes referred to as Oireachtas Ã ireann , is the `` national parliament '' or legislature of Ireland . The Oireachtas consists of :
It is called the Aga River or the Å kawa River in Fukushima .
In 1964 , a chemical factory at Kanose village in Niigata Prefecture released methylmercury into the river and caused Niigata Minamata disease .
The Agano River -LRB- Aganogawa -RRB- is a river which flows from Fukushima Prefecture to Niigata Prefecture in Japan .
It is 210km long with 7,710 kmÂ watershed .
The Lego Group has used the Lego toy system to branch out into a number of other areas .
The Lego Group estimates that in the course of five decades it has produced some 400 billion Lego blocks .
Lego has branched out into the videogames market with a number of titles , including Lego Star Wars : The Video Game , Lego Star Wars II : The Original Trilogy , `` Bionicle : the game '' Bionicle Heroes as well as the Lego Star Wars : The Complete Saga and Lego Indiana Jones , a Lego Batman , Lego Battles and the Lego Universe MMOG .
The newest addition to the Lego video games is Lego Star Wars III : The Clone Wars , based on the first and second seasons of The Clone Wars .
Lego bricks can be assembled and connected in many ways , to construct such objects as vehicles , buildings , and even working robots .
Thus a schema can contain formulas representing integrity constraints specifically for an application and the constraints specifically for a type of database , all expressed in the same database language .
In other words , schema is the structure of the database that defines the objects in the database .
If any elements of the database schema are dropped then the database schema is not ideal .
A database schema -LRB- pronounced skee-ma , -RRB- of a database system is its structure described in a formal language supported by the database management system -LRB- DBMS -RRB- and refers to the organization of data to create a blueprint of how a database will be constructed -LRB- divided into database tables -RRB- . The formal definition of database schema is a set of formulas -LRB- sentences -RRB- that specify integrity constraints imposed on the database .
RTSIII was eventually revealed as Age of Mythology . In developing Age of Mythology , Ensemble Studios decided to move away from the center of the Age of Empires series history , to avoid becoming stale and repetitive .
RoÃ `` llecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Jerry Moran -LRB- born May 29 , 1954 -RRB- is the junior U.S. Senator from Kansas , serving since 2011 .
A member of the Republican Party , he previously served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives , representing from 1997 to 2011 .
Marco Bode -LRB- born 23 July 1969 in Osterode am Harz -RRB- is a former German footballer .
Gagarin was born in the village of Klushino near Gzhatsk -LRB- now in Smolensk Oblast , Russia -RRB- , on 9 March 1934 .
Gagarin 's planned flight activities needed clear weather and no outboard tanks .
The first two lines of the song are : `` The Motherland hears , the Motherland knows\/Where her son flies in the sky '' .
Yuri was the third of four children , and his elder sister helped raise him while his parents worked .
Gagarin kept physically fit throughout his life , and was a keen sportsman .
At the same time , he began to re-qualify as a fighter pilot .
On 27 March 1968 , while on a routine training flight from Chkalovsky Air Base , he and flight instructor Vladimir Seryogin died in a MiG-15UTI crash near the town of Kirzhach .
However , no such words appear in the verbatim record of Gagarin 's conversations with the Earth during the spaceflight .
While there he met Valentina Goryacheva , whom he married in 1957 , after gaining his pilot 's wings in a MiG-15 .
Ground crew also left external fuel tanks attached to the aircraft .
The adjacent town of Gzhatsk was renamed Gagarin in 1968 in his honor .
Gagarin had become deputy training director of the Star City cosmonaut training base .
Cosmonaut Valery Bykovsky wrote :
Corroborating other theories , his conclusion is that a Sukhoi jet -LRB- which he identifies as a Su-15 ` Flagon ' -RRB- was flying below its minimum allowed altitude , and `` without realizing it because of the terrible weather conditions , he passed within 10 or 20 meters of Yuri and Seregin 's plane while breaking the sound barrier . ''
Soviet officials tried to keep him away from any flights , being worried of losing their hero in an accident .
Russian documents declassified in March 2003 showed that the KGB had conducted their own investigation of the accident , in addition to one government and two military investigations .
His two older siblings were deported to Nazi Germany for slave labor in 1943 , and did not return until after the war .
In 1960 , after the search and selection process , Yuri Gagarin was chosen with 19 other pilots for the Soviet space program .
After studying for one year at a vocational technical school in Lyubertsy , Gagarin was selected for further training at a technical high school in Saratov .
Gagarin was backup pilot for Vladimir Komarov in the Soyuz 1 flight .
Because of the out-of-date weather report , the crew believed their altitude to be higher than it actually was , and could not properly react to bring the MiG-15 out of its spin .
His parents , Alexey Ivanovich Gagarin and Anna Timofeyevna Gagarina , worked on a collective farm .
Following the flight , Gagarin told the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev that during reentry he had whistled the tune `` The Motherland Hears , The Motherland Knows '' .
While manual labourers are described in official reports as `` peasants '' , this may be an oversimplification if applied to his parents â '' his mother was reportedly a voracious reader , and his father a skilled carpenter .
Out of the twenty selected , the eventual choices for the first launch were Gagarin and Gherman Titov because of their performance in training , as well as their physical characteristics â '' space was at a premium in the small Vostok cockpit and both men were rather short .
The resulting turbulence would have sent the MiG into an uncontrolled spin .
As Komarov 's flight ended in a fatal crash , Gagarin was ultimately banned from training for and participating in further spaceflights .
Gagarin and other prospective cosmonauts were subjected to experiments designed to test physical and psychological endurance ; he also underwent training for the upcoming flight .
After the flight , some sources claimed that Gagarin , during his space flight , had made the comment , `` I do n't see any God up here . ''
He later returned to Star City , the cosmonaut facility , where he spent seven years working on designs for a reusable spacecraft .
While there , he joined the `` AeroClub '' , and learned to fly a light aircraft , a hobby that would take up an increasing portion of his time .
In a certain context Khrushchev said , `` Gagarin flew into space , but did n't see any god there '' .
In 1955 , after completing his technical schooling , he entered military flight training at the Orenburg Pilot 's School .
The report states that an air traffic controller provided Gagarin with outdated weather information , and that by the time of his flight , conditions had deteriorated significantly .
The KGB 's report dismissed various conspiracy theories , instead indicating that the actions of air base personnel contributed to the crash .
The investigation concluded that Gagarin 's aircraft entered a spin , either due to a bird strike or because of a sudden move to avoid another aircraft .
The bodies of Gagarin and Seryogin were cremated and the ashes were buried in the walls of the Kremlin on Red Square .
In a 2006 interview a close friend of Gagarin , Colonel Valentin Petrov , stated that Gagarin never said such words , and that the phrase originated from Nikita Khrushchev 's speech at the plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU , where the anti-religious propaganda was discussed .
It is not certain what caused the crash , but a 1986 inquest suggests that the turbulence from a Su-11 ` Fishpot-C ' interceptor using its afterburners may have caused Gagarin 's plane to go out of control .
In 1962 , he began serving as a deputy to the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union .
He became Lieutenant Colonel -LRB- or Podpolkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force on 12 June 1962 and on 6 November 1963 he received the rank of Colonel -LRB- Polkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force .
This patriotic song was written by Dmitri Shostakovich in 1951 -LRB- opus 86 -RRB- , with words by Yevgeniy Dolmatovsky .
Like millions of people in the Soviet Union , the Gagarin family suffered during Nazi occupation in World War II .
Leonov believes the first boom he heard was that of the jet breaking the sound barrier , and the second was Gagarin 's plane crashing .
He became a Lieutenant in the Soviet Air Force on 5 November 1957 and on 6 November 1959 he received the rank of Senior Lieutenant .
In addition to being a keen ice hockey player , Gagarin was also a basketball fan , and coached the Saratov Industrial Technical School team , as well as being an umpire\/referee .
In his 2004 book Two Sides of the Moon , Alexey Leonov recounts that he was flying a helicopter in the same area that day when he heard `` two loud booms in the distance . ''
Post-graduation , he was assigned to Luostari airbase in Murmansk Oblast , close to the Norwegian border , where terrible weather made flying risky .
Bonneville-la-Louvet is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Center Hill is located at .
Liver cancer or hepatic cancer is properly considered to be a cancer which starts in the liver , as opposed to a cancer which originates in another organ and migrates to the liver , known as a liver metastasis . For a thorough understanding of liver cancer it is important to have an understanding of how the liver functions .
There have been nine goaltenders who have scored a goal in a National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- game .
Goaltenders can also be given credit for a goal when they are the last person to touch the puck before an opponent inadvertently puts the puck into their own net . This was the case for the most recent instance of goaltender scoring , when Chris Mason was credited with a goal in 2006 .
The most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was Evgeni Nabokov , in 2002 .
Juris Doctor -LRB- see etymology and abbreviations below -RRB- is a professional doctorate and first professional graduate degree in law . The degree was first awarded by Harvard University in the United States in the late 19th century and was created as a modern version of the old European doctor of law degree -LRB- such as the Dottore in Giurisprudenza in Italy and the Juris Utriusque Doctor in Germany and Central Europe -RRB- .
He currently plays for Urawa Red Diamonds .
Genki Haraguchi is a Japanese footballer .
Alexandre Luiz Fernandes or simply AlÃ -LRB- born January 21 , 1986 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian football defensive midfielder .
The athletic nickname , or equivalently athletic moniker , of a university or college within the United States is the name officially adopted by that institution for at least the members of its athletic teams .
Typically as a matter of engendering school spirit , the institution either officially or unofficially uses this moniker of the institution 's athletic teams also as a nickname to refer to people associated with the institution , especially its current students , but also often its alumni , its faculty , and its administration as well .
Crimson is a strong , bright , deep red color .
Sainte-Preuve is a commune in the Aisne dÃ partment in Picardy in northern France .
Maryport is a town and civil parish within the Allerdale borough of Cumbria , England , in the historic county of Cumberland . It is located on the A596 road north of Workington , and is the southernmost town on the Solway Firth .
Pulmonology is a branch of medicine that deals with diseases of the respiratory system .
Along with coins , banknotes make up the cash or bearer forms of all modern fiat money .
The use of fixed denominations and printed banknotes came into use in the 18th century .
This order carried the threat of a maximum $ 10,000 fine and a maximum of ten years in prison for anyone who kept more than $ 100 of gold in preference to banknotes .
In the United States , public acceptance of banknotes in replacement of precious metals was hastened in part by Executive Order 6102 in 1933 .
The first proper European banknotes were issued by Stockholms Banco , a predecessor of the Bank of Sweden , in 1660 , although the bank ran out of coins to redeem its notes in 1664 and ceased operating in that year .
In the early 1690s , the Massachusetts Bay Colony was the first of the Thirteen Colonies to issue permanently circulating banknotes .
With the exception of non-circulating high-value or precious metal commemorative issues , coins are used for lower valued monetary units , while banknotes are used for higher values .
Manganese -LRB- II -RRB- oxide is the inorganic compound with formula MnO .
Once the causes of variation have been quantified , effort is spent in eliminating those causes that are both statistically and practically significant -LRB- i.e. a cause that has only a small but statistically significant effect may not be considered cost-effective to fix ; however , a cause that is not statistically significant can never be considered practically significant -RRB- .
Key tools in SPC are control charts , a focus on continuous improvement and designed experiments .
This is a continuous , ongoing activity .
In mass-manufacturing , the quality of the finished article was traditionally achieved through post-manufacturing inspection of the product ; accepting or rejecting each article -LRB- or samples from a production lot -RRB- based on how well it met its design specifications .
Variations in the process that may affect the quality of the end product or service can be detected and corrected , thus reducing waste as well as the likelihood that problems will be passed on to the customer .
The second kind of variation is known as special cause variation , or assignable-cause variation , and happens less frequently than the first .
Much of the power of SPC lies in the ability to examine a process and the sources of variation in that process using tools that give weight to objective analysis over subjective opinions and that allow the strength of each source to be determined numerically .
If this change is allowed to continue unchecked , more and more product will be produced that fall outside the tolerances of the manufacturer or consumer , resulting in waste .
Selden describes how to use SPC in the fields of sales , marketing , and customer service , using Deming 's famous Red Bead Experiment as an easy to follow demonstration .
He discovered that observed variation in manufacturing data did not always behave the same way as data in nature -LRB- for example , Brownian motion of particles -RRB- .
With its emphasis on early detection and prevention of problems , SPC has a distinct advantage over other quality methods , such as inspection , that apply resources to detecting and correcting problems after they have occurred .
Statistical process control was pioneered by Walter A. Shewhart in the early 1920s .
SPC would account for normal weight variation and better indicate when the person is in fact gaining or losing weight .
If the production process , its inputs , or its environment changes -LRB- for example , the machines doing the manufacture begin to wear -RRB- this distribution can change .
In addition to reducing waste , SPC can lead to a reduction in the time required to produce the product or service from end to end .
For example , as its cams and pulleys wear out , the cereal filling machine may start putting more cereal into each box than specified .
For example , a breakfast cereal packaging line may be designed to fill each cereal box with 500 grams of product , but some boxes will have slightly more than 500 grams , and some will have slightly less , in accordance with a distribution of net weights .
This notion that SPC is a useful tool when applied to non-repetitive , knowledge-intensive processes such as engineering processes has encountered much skepticism , and remains controversial today .
Two kinds of variation occur in all manufacturing processes : both these types of process variation cause subsequent variation in the final product .
When a process is stable and does not trigger any of the detection rules for a control chart , a process capability analysis may also be performed to predict the ability of the current process to produce conforming -LRB- i.e. within specification -RRB- product in the future .
Additional process changes may be required to reduce variation or align the process with the desired target , especially if there is a problem with process capability .
This is partially due to a diminished likelihood that the final product will have to be reworked , but it may also result from using SPC data to identify bottlenecks , wait times , and other sources of delays within the process .
The following description relates to manufacturing rather than to the service industry , although the principles of SPC can be successfully applied to either .
Deming was also instrumental in introducing SPC methods to Japanese industry after the war had ended .
Statistical Process Control may be broadly broken down into three sets of activities : understanding the process , understanding the causes of variation , and elimination of the sources of special cause variation .
While SPC has been applied most frequently to controlling manufacturing lines , it applies equally well to any process with a measurable output .
Designed experiments are critical to this phase of SPC , as they are the only means of objectively quantifying the relative importance of the many potential causes of variation .
When excessive variation is identified by the control chart detection rules , or the process capability is found lacking , additional effort is exerted to determine causes of that variance .
W. Edwards Deming later applied SPC methods in the United States during World War II , thereby successfully improving quality in the manufacture of munitions and other strategically important products .
While in this case , the waste is in the form of `` free '' product for the consumer , typically waste consists of rework or scrap .
This type of action could be harmful and possibly generate even more variation in body weight .
Control charts are used to identify variation that may be due to special causes , and to free the user from concern over variation due to common causes .
SPC indicates when an action should be taken in a process , but it also indicates when NO action should be taken .
While Dr. Shewhart drew from pure mathematical statistical theories , he understood that data from physical processes seldom produces a `` normal distribution curve '' -LRB- a Gaussian distribution , also commonly referred to as a `` bell curve '' -RRB- .
Statistical process control -LRB- SPC -RRB- is the application of statistical methods to the monitoring and control of a process to ensure that it operates at its full potential to produce conforming product .
In contrast , Statistical Process Control uses statistical tools to observe the performance of the production process in order to predict significant deviations that may later result in rejected product .
Dr. Shewhart concluded that while every process displays variation , some processes display controlled variation that is natural to the process -LRB- common causes of variation -RRB- , while others display uncontrolled variation that is not present in the process causal system at all times -LRB- special causes of variation -RRB- .
This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration -LRB- CMMI -RRB- .
By observing at the right time what happened in the process that led to a change , the quality engineer or any member of the team responsible for the production line can troubleshoot the root cause of the variation that has crept in to the process and correct the problem .
Common cause variation may include variations in temperature , properties of raw materials , strength of an electrical current etc. .
With sufficient investigation , a specific cause , such as abnormal raw material or incorrect set-up parameters , can be found for special cause variations .
Shewhart created the basis for the control chart and the concept of a state of statistical control by carefully designed experiments .
Under SPC , a process behaves predictably to produce as much conforming product as possible with the least possible waste .
An example is a person who would like to maintain a constant body weight and takes weight measurements weekly .
Process cycle time reductions coupled with improvements in yield have made SPC a valuable tool from both a cost reduction and a customer satisfaction standpoint .
A person who does not understand SPC concepts might start dieting every time his or her weight increased , or eat more every time his or her weight decreased .
In understanding a process , the process is typically mapped out and the process is monitored using control charts .
For a description and example of how SPC applies to a service environment , refer to Roberts -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
In 1988 , the Software Engineering Institute introduced the notion that SPC can be usefully applied to non-manufacturing processes , such as software engineering processes , in the Capability Maturity Model -LRB- CMM -RRB- .
Generally , this includes development of standard work , error-proofing and training .
The tools used include Ishikawa diagrams , designed experiments and Pareto charts .
The first is known as natural or common cause variation and consists of the variation inherent in the process as it is designed .
In 1885 , an elevated station just north of Swan Street was opened with six platforms .
It closed the same year on 12 December 1859 .
Richmond station was the filming location for the opening scene of the 1992 Australian film Romper Stomper .
The first station in Punt Road was at ground level and opened on 8 February 1859 .
Richmond station has been relocated and rebuilt four times .
Richmond station is located in the suburb of Richmond , and is built on an embankment immediately east of Punt Road with platforms extending west across the Punt Road railway bridge .
Tram route 70 runs past Richmond Station along Swan Street .
Punt Road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with Swan Street and Brunton Avenue .
In the film 's story the location was named as Footscray station .
Located slightly west of the previous station , the bridges at each end of the station across Punt Road and Swan Street were also rebuilt to accommodate the ten tracks .
On the same day the new station , also at ground level , opened in Swan Street .
Located 2.4 km from Flinders Street Station , Melbourne 's central suburban railway station , Richmond station is located close to the Melbourne Cricket Ground , Punt Road Oval and Melbourne Park , so is often busy during sporting and other special events .
The jury saw Chris ' ability to effectively stay in the game with the odds against him , both from the first challenge and as the last man standing , and voted him the Sole Survivor 5-2 .
After the ceremony , the men were named the Lopevi tribe , and the women the Yasur tribe , and sent to find their camps in the dark .
On Day 11 , there was a `` tribal shuffle '' like in other seasons , which ended up moving two people from each tribe over to the other tribe .
On Day 19 , the two tribes , now with 6 women and 4 men , merged into Alinta .
This would continue through the next two tribal councils that Lopevi took part in .
Eliza Orlins and Ami Cusack were selected from this season to return for Survivor : Micronesia as members of the Favorites tribe , where they placed 10th and 11th respectively .
The men were quickly targeted over the next three tribal councils , leaving Chris as the sole male .
Survivor : Vanuatu â '' Islands of Fire , also known as Survivor : Vanuatu , is the ninth season of the American CBS competitive reality television series Survivor .
By this time , Ami 's core alliance consisted of her , Julie , and Leann , while Twila and Scout had formed a closer pairing , and Eliza seen out the outside .
Chris won the last two immunity challenges , and ultimately took Twila with him into the final two .
In the case of multiple tribes or castaways who win reward or immunity , they are listed in order of finish , or alphabetically where it was a team effort ; where one castaway won and invited others , the invitees are in brackets .
The season began like Survivor : The Amazon in that the tribes were divided by gender .
The male tribe was Lopevi , after one of Vanuatu 's volcanic islands ; the female tribe was Yasur , after Mount Yasur .
The players were brought into the game at a native gathering , with the natives dividing the group into men and women .
The talk show , airing every Thursday and Friday on the CBS website , interviews former contestants and reviews the players ' gameplay .
At the live reunion show , Chris Daugherty defeated Twila Tanner by a vote of 5 â `` 2 to become Sole Survivor .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
This was the second season to initially divide the tribes by gender .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris .
At the reward , Ami lobbied Chris and Eliza to break their alliance with Scout and Twila .
Lopevi lost the first challenge mainly due to Chris , however , the older men of the tribe conspired into an alliance and worked to vote off one of the younger men , Brook .
It was also the first season to feature an amputee -LRB- Chad Crittenden , who had lost a foot to cancer -RRB- and two open lesbians -LRB- motivational speaker Scout Cloud Lee and former Playboy model Ami Cusack -RRB- .
The men were clearly revered at the ceremony , suggesting they would have the advantage in the game .
When Eliza won the reward challenge , she received her own car , and the castaways who finished second and third in the challenge were able to join her at a spa retreat .
When Chris was unable to secure the next immunity , Twila brought Chris into a plan to vote out one of Ami 's group if they could bring Eliza into their foursome .
The final four was Chris , Eliza , Twila , and Scout .
John K. had to spend a day with the other tribe for the point of giving immunity to one of them at tribal council that night .
On Day 20 , the tribes were merged ; the tribe was christened Alinta , a name proposed by Scout meaning `` people of fire . ''
With Ami having won immunity , Leann was voted out at the next tribal council .
Filmed in Vanuatu , a chain of volcanic islands in the South Pacific , the season premiered on September 16 , 2004 .
In the first seven seasons , there were only sixteen contestants .
Also debuting that day was Survivor Live , an hour-long Internet talk show hosted by the original Sole Survivor Richard Hatch and Entertainment Tonight correspondent Chris Booker .
He was the husband of jazz singer Dame Cleo Laine , who survives him ; they married in 1958 .
Sir John Phillip William Dankworth , CBE -LRB- 20 September 1927 â `` 6 February 2010 -RRB- , known in his early career as Johnny Dankworth , was an English jazz composer , saxophonist and clarinetist .
Huni is mentioned amongst the names of high officials from the court of Djoser , and if this was indeed the same man as this pharaoh , it is possible that Huni came to the throne at a very venerable age .
Huni was the father of Hetepheres I , the wife of Sneferu who was the first king of the Fourth Dynasty .
Cape Lookout is part of Carteret County , 11 miles southeast of Beaufort , NC .
An area of the banks to either side of it has been designated the Cape Lookout National Seashore .
Cape Lookout is southern point of the Core Banks , one of the natural barrier islands on the Atlantic coast of North Carolina , USA .
It delimits Onslow Bay to the west from Raleigh Bay to the east .
Since bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- iodide is insoluble in water , an aqueous solution can be tested for the presence of Bi3 + ions by adding a source of iodide such as potassium iodide . A black precipitate of bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- iodide indicates a positive test .
Bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- iodide is the inorganic compound with the formula BiI3 .
Kot Gullah is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
In acid conditions , hydrogen selenide , H2Se , is formed .
Similar to sulfide , for an aqueous solution , selenide ion , Se2 , is prevalent only in very basic conditions .
The chemistry of the selenides parallels that of the sulfides .
In neutral conditions , hydrogen selenide ion , HSe , is most common .
During the Jewish wars , Titus had begun a love affair with Berenice , sister of Agrippa II .
In addition to sharing tribunician power with his father , Titus held seven consulships during Vespasian 's reign and acted as his secretary , appearing in the Senate on his behalf .
When the pair was publicly denounced by Cynics in the theater , Titus caved in to the pressure and sent her away , but his reputation further suffered .
Despite concerns over his character , Titus ruled to great acclaim following the death of Vespasian in 79 , and was considered a good emperor by Suetonius and other contemporary historians .
He was deified by the Roman Senate and succeeded by his younger brother Domitian .
Titus put an end to this practice , against himself or anyone else , declaring :
When Vespasian was declared emperor on 1 July 69 , Titus was left in charge of ending the Jewish rebellion .
In 70 , he successfully laid siege to and destroyed the city and Temple of Jerusalem .
With Vespasian declared emperor , Titus and his brother Domitian likewise received the title of Caesar from the Senate .
In 75 , she returned to Titus and openly lived with him in the palace as his promised wife .
Against these expectations , however , Titus proved to be an effective emperor and was well-loved by the population , who praised him highly when they found that he possessed the greatest virtues instead of vices .
A member of the Flavian dynasty , Titus succeeded his father Vespasian upon his death .
Consequently , no senators were put to death during his reign ; he thus kept to his promise that he would assume the office of Pontifex Maximus `` for the purpose of keeping his hands unstained '' .
As emperor , he is best known for completing the Colosseum and for his generosity in relieving the suffering caused by two disasters , the Mount Vesuvius eruption of 79 and a fire in Rome in 80 .
Titus Flavius Vespasianus -LRB- 30 December 39 â `` 13 September 81 -RRB- , commonly known as Titus , was Roman Emperor from 79 to 81 .
`` It is impossible for me to be insulted or abused in any way .
Finally , when Berenice returned to Rome , he sent her away .
One of his first acts as an emperor was to publicly order a halt to trials based on treason charges , which had long plagued the principate .
The informants were publicly punished and banished from the city , and Titus further prevented abuses by introducing legislation that made it unlawful for persons to be tried under different laws for the same offense .
After barely two years in office , Titus died of a fever on 13 September 81 .
The Romans were wary of the Eastern Queen and disapproved of their relationship .
For this achievement Titus was awarded a triumph ; the Arch of Titus commemorates his victory to this day .
For I do naught that deserves censure , and I care not for what is reported falsely .
The Herodians had collaborated with the Romans during the rebellion , and Berenice herself had supported Vespasian upon his campaign to become emperor .
Because of his many alleged vices , many Romans feared at this point that he would be another Nero .
Under Augustus , however , this custom had been revived and applied to cover slander or libellous writings as well , eventually leading to a long cycle of trials and executions under such emperors as Tiberius , Caligula and Nero , spawning entire networks of informers that terrorized Rome 's political system for decades .
The Three Kingdoms of Korea refer to the ancient Korean kingdoms of Goguryeo , Baekje and Silla , which dominated the Korean peninsula and parts of Manchuria for much of the 1st millennium AD .
Allied with China under the Tang dynasty , Silla conquered Goguryeo in 668 , after having already conquered Gaya in 562 and Baekje in 660 , thus ushering in the North-South states period with Later Silla to the south and Balhae to the north .
The name `` Three Kingdoms '' was used in the titles of the histories Samguk Sagi -LRB- 12th century -RRB- and Samguk Yusa -LRB- 13th century -RRB- , and should not be confused with the earlier Chinese Three Kingdoms .
Saint-Mathurin is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Brechin City Football Club is a Scottish football team based in Brechin , Angus .
MIT has five schools and one college , containing a total of 32 academic departments , with a strong emphasis on scientific and technological research .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology -LRB- MIT -RRB- is a private research university located in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
A tachyon -LRB- ; , takhus , `` swift '' + English : - on `` elementary particle '' -RRB- is a hypothetical subatomic particle that moves faster than light . In the language of special relativity , a tachyon would be a particle with space-like four-momentum and imaginary proper time .
Viriat is a commune in the Ain department in the RhÃ ne Alps of eastern France .
Windows CE is a distinct operating system and kernel , rather than a trimmed-down version of desktop Windows .
Windows CE -LRB- now officially known as Windows Embedded Compact and previously also known as Windows Embedded CE , and sometimes abbreviated WinCE -RRB- is an operating system developed by Microsoft for embedded systems .
It is not to be confused with Windows XP Embedded which is NT-based .
Asclepias eriocarpa is a species of milkweed known by the common names woollypod milkweed , Indian milkweed , and kotolo .
A law school -LRB- also known as a school of law or college of law -RRB- is an institution specializing in legal education .
A game , in its simplest terms , is a list of possible `` moves '' that two players , called left and right , can make .
In the 1960s , Elwyn R. Berlekamp , John H. Conway and Richard K. Guy jointly introduced the theory of a partisan game , in which the requirement that a play available to one player be available to both is relaxed .
Their results were published in their book Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays in 1982 .
The game position resulting from any move can be considered to be another game .
In the laboratory , sodium nitrite is also used to destroy excess sodium azide .
Yasuyuki Moriyama -LRB- born May 1 , 1969 in Gifu , Gifu , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Montserrat national football team represents the small Caribbean island of Montserrat in the CONCACAF football region .
Rural Retreat is a town in Wythe County , Virginia , United States .
It has a large architectural bookshop , a cafÃ , restaurant and lecture theaters .
Formerly , fellowships of the institute were granted , although no longer ; those who continue to hold this title instead add FRIBA .
Parts of the London building are open to the public , including the exhibition galleries and Library .
The Royal Institute of British Architects -LRB- RIBA -RRB- is a professional body for architects in the United Kingdom .
It was awarded a Royal Charter in 1837 , becoming the Royal Institute of British Architects in London , eventually dropping the reference to London in 1892 .
Chartered Members are entitled to call themselves chartered architects and to append the post-nominals RIBA after their name ; Student Members are not permitted to do so .
The Institute also maintains a dozen regional offices around the United Kingdom .
Rooms are hired out for events .
The RIBA is a member organization , with 44,000 members .
RIBA is based at 66 Portland Place , Londonâ '' a 1930s Grade II \* listed building designed by architect George Grey Wornum with sculptures by Edward Bainbridge Copnall and James Woodford .
Originally named the Institute of British Architects in London , it was formed in 1834 by several prominent architects , including Philip Hardwick , Thomas Allom , William Donthorne , Thomas Leverton Donaldson , John Buonarotti Papworth and Thomas de Grey , 2nd Earl de Grey .
Makoto Tanaka is a Japanese football player , who has recently played for the J. League Division 2 team Avispa Fukuoka .
After completing his thesis , Correns became a tutor at the University of TÃ 1\/4 bingen and in 1913 he became the first director of the newly founded Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biology in Berlin-Dahlem .
Carl Erich Correns -LRB- September 10 , 1864 - February 14 , 1933 -RRB- was a German botanist and geneticist , who is notable primarily for his independent discovery of the principles of heredity , and for his rediscovery of Gregor Mendel 's earlier paper on that subject , which he achieved simultaneously but independently of the botanists Erich Tschermak von Seysenegg and Hugo de Vries .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American vocalist , lyricist , musician and actress , perhaps best known as frontwoman and rhythm guitarist for alternative rock band Hole .
Until 2010 the State 's Sultan since 1981 had been Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj .
On 19 December 2006 , a continuous heavy downpor occurred in Johor , which led to the 2006-2007 Malaysian floods .
It was opened on 6 June 1974 and has been expanded several times since .
The average annual rainfall is 1778 mm with average temperatures ranging between 25.5 Â C -LRB- 78 Â F -RRB- and 27.8 Â C -LRB- 82 Â F -RRB- .
The old state capital is Johor Lama .
For his achievements , Sultan Abu Bakar is known by the title `` Father of Modern Johor '' .
This hereditary position can only be held by a member of the Johor Royal Family , who is descended from Sultan Abu Bakar .
The current Chief Minister is Dato ' Abdul Ghani Othman , a former civil servant .
Johor is a constitutional monarchy .
The Chief Minister is assisted by 10 members executive council -LRB- exco -RRB- , whose members are selected from the state assembly members .
Before the name Johor was adopted , the area south of the Muar River to Singapore island was known as Ujong Tanah or ` land 's end ' in Malay , due to its location at the end of the Malay Peninsula .
The highest point in Johor is Gunung Ledang -LRB- 1276 m -RRB- .
Humidity is between 82 and 86 % .
The state government is headed by the Chief Minister or Menteri Besar .
Johor has a tropical rainforest climate with monsoon rain from November until February blowing from the South China Sea .
Currently , it has a 5-million passenger capacity , with a parallel taxiway under construction .
Construction of the causeway started in 1919 and was completed in 1923 .
The state capital city and royal city of Johor is Johor Bahru , formerly known as Tanjung Puteri -LRB- Malay for Princess ' Cape -RRB- .
Johor was the first state and currently the only state in Malaysia that has its own military force called the Royal Johor Military Force or ` Timbalan Setia Negeri ' .
Johor is surrounded by Pahang to the north , Malacca and Negeri Sembilan to the northwest , and the Straits of Johor to the south which separates Johor and the Republic of Singapore .
Johor has one international airport -LRB- 30 km away from JB city center -RRB- , The Sultan Ismail International Airport in Senai -LRB- 01 â 38 â 26 â N , 103 â 40 â 13 â E -RRB- .
The name `` Johor '' originated from the Arabic word Jauhar , ` gem\/precious stone ' .
The constitutional head of Johor is the Sultan .
Johor has three ports , the Pasir Gudang Port , the Port of Tanjung Pelepas and the Tanjung Langsat Port .
Johor also has the third largest mangrove forest reserve in Peninsular Malaysia -LRB- 167 kmÂ -RRB- .
Many towns such as Muar , Kota Tinggi and Segamat were seriously flooded with water levels as high as 10 f above ground level recorded in some areas .
The state assembly makes laws in matters regarding the state .
Members of the Assembly are elected by citizens every five years by universal suffrage .
In the official census of 2000 , the population of Johor was 2.75 million with 54 % Malays , 35 % Chinese , 7 % Indians and 4 % others .
Malaysia Airlines also operate flights from Senai airport to some local and international destinations .
15 lives were lost and many possessions destroyed , and this resulted in huge financial losses in Johor .
More than 100,000 victims were evacuated to flood relief centres .
It is a private army of the Sultan of Johor located at Johor Bahru City .
The legislative branch of Johor 's government is the Johor State Assembly .
Johor also has a 400 km coastline on both the East and the West coasts .
Johor is also noted for its national parks .
Almost all recreational parks are based around a mountain .
Johor was the first state in Malaysia to adopt the constitutional monarchy system via Undang-undang Tubuh Negeri Johor -LRB- Johor State Constitution -RRB- written by Sultan Abu Bakar .
Coincidentally , Johor is the most southern point of the Asian continental mainland .
The airport is a regional hub of AirAsia , a regional low-cost no-frills airline .
Gunung Ledang is also known as Mount Ophir .
Johor is linked to Singapore via two road connections : the Johor-Singapore Causeway and the Malaysia-Singapore Second Link .
The Johor-Singapore Causeway -LRB- length : 1038 m -RRB- was designed by Messrs Coode , Fizmaurice , Wilson and Mitchell of Westminster , while the construction contract was awarded to Topham , Jones & Railton Ltd of London .
Johor currently has five national parks , with a combined area of more than 700 kmÂ and several smaller recreational forest .
SocietÃ Sportiva Dilettante Tivoli Calcio 1919 is an Italian football club located in Tivoli , Lazio .
In atomic physics and quantum chemistry , electron configuration is the arrangement of electrons of an atom , a molecule , or other physical structure .
The form of the periodic table is closely related to the electron configuration of the atoms of the elements .
During Bhutto 's regime , Mansehra was upgraded to a district , containing two subdivisions : Mansehra and Batagram . Later , the Mansehra district had the Balakot subdivision added to it .
Mansehra District is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan , an area still unofficially known as the Northwest Frontier .
The following is a list of North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons .
It was produced by Arnold Lanni , and was released on March 22 , 1994 by Sony Music Canada .
Naveed is the debut album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace .
The British Rail Class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works .
Introduced in 1940 and withdrawn by 1980 , they spent the whole of their working lives on the electrified railway lines of north Liverpool .
The data revealed no atmosphere to a surface pressure of 10 â `` 20 nanobars ; if it exists , it would have to be far thinner than that of Triton or Pluto .
On September 8 , 2001 , Titania occulted a bright star -LRB- HIP106829 -RRB- with a visible magnitude of 7.2 ; this was an opportunity to both refine the moon 's diameter and ephemeris , and to detect any extant atmosphere .
The name Titania was taken from the Queen of the Fairies in A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Shakespeare 's character 's name is , but the moon is often pronounced \/ taÉ Ë teÉ niÉ \/ , by analogy with the familiar chemical element titanium .
He later reported the discoveries of four more satellites , although they were subsequently revealed as spurious .
At the time of the flyby , the southern hemisphere of Titania -LRB- like those of the other moons -RRB- was pointed towards the Sun , so the northern -LRB- dark -RRB- hemisphere could not be studied .
The names of all four satellites of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John in 1852 , at the request of William Lassell , who had discovered the other two moons , Ariel and Umbriel , the year before .
All of Uranus ' moons are named after characters created by William Shakespeare or Alexander Pope .
So far the only close-up images of Titania have been from the Voyager 2 probe , which photographed the moon during its flyby of Uranus in January 1986 .
Titania was discovered by William Herschel on January 11 , 1787 , the same day he discovered Uranus ' second largest moon , Oberon .
Throughout history natron has had many practical applications which continue in the wide range of modern uses of its constituent mineral components .
Natron can be used to dry and preserve fish and meat .
The English word natron is a French cognate derived from the Spanish natrÃ n through Greek Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Ï Î 1\/2 nitron , which derived from the Ancient Egyptian word netjeri , meaning natron .
Both the hepta - and the decahydrate effloresce -LRB- lose water -RRB- in dry air and are partially transformed into the monohydrate thermonatrite Na2CO3 Â H2O .
Most industrially produced sodium carbonate is soda ash , sodium carbonate anhydrate Na2CO3 , which is obtained by calcination -LRB- dry heating at temperatures of 150 to 200 Â C -RRB- of sodium bicarbonate , sodium carbonate monohydrate , or trona .
It crystallizes in the monoclinic-domatic crystal system , typically forming efflorescences and encrustations .
The modern chemical symbol for sodium , Na , is an abbreviation of that element 's New Latin name natrium , which was derived from natron .
Some of its ancient household roles are also now filled by ordinary baking soda , natron 's other meaningful ingredient .
Most of natron 's uses both in the home and by industry were gradually replaced with closely related sodium compounds and minerals .
Undiluted , natron was a cleanser for the teeth and an early mouthwash .
The mineral natron is often found in association with thermonatrite , nahcolite , trona , halite , mirabilite , gaylussite , gypsum , and calcite .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate has a specific gravity of 1.42 to 1.47 and a Mohs hardness of 1 .
Historical natron was harvested directly as a salt mixture from dry lake beds in Ancient Egypt and has been used for thousands of years as a cleaning product for both the home and body .
Natron 's detergent properties are now commercially supplied by soda ash , the mixture 's chief compound ingredient , along with other chemicals .
Natron is white to colourless when pure , varying to gray or yellow with impurities .
Natron is also the mineralogical name for the compound sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 10H2O -RRB- , which is the main component in historical natron .
The mineral was mixed into early antiseptics for wounds and minor cuts .
This recrystallization from decahydrate to monohydrate releases much crystal water in a mostly clear , colorless salt solution with little solid thermonatrite .
Natron deposits are sometimes found in saline lake beds which arose in arid environments .
It was used along with sand and lime in ceramic and glass-making by the Romans and others at least until 640 CE .
The mineral was also employed as a flux to solder precious metals together .
Soda ash also replaced natron in glass-making .
In modern mineralogy the term natron has come to mean only the sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- hydrated soda ash -RRB- which makes up most of the historical salt .
It was also an ancient household insecticide , was used for making leather and as a bleach for clothing .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate is stable at room temperature but recrystallizes at only 32 Â to sodium carbonate heptahydrate , Na2CO3 Â 7H2O , then above 37 - to sodium carbonate monohydrate , Na2CO3 Â H2O .
The mineral was used in Egyptian mummification because it absorbs water and behaves as a drying agent .
It softens water while removing oil and grease .
The term hydrated sodium carbonate is commonly used to encompass the monohydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â H2O -RRB- , the decahydrate and the heptahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 7H2O -RRB- , but is often used in industry to refer to the decahydrate only .
Natron is a naturally occurring mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 10H2O , a kind of soda ash -RRB- and about 17 % sodium bicarbonate -LRB- also called nahcolite or baking soda , NaHCO3 -RRB- along with small quantities of household salt -LRB- halite , sodium chloride -RRB- and sodium sulfate .
Blended with oil , it was an early form of soap .
Moreover , when exposed to moisture the carbonate in natron increases pH -LRB- raises alkalinity -RRB- , which creates a hostile environment for bacteria .
Donato di NiccolÃ di Betto Bardi -LRB- circa 1386 â `` December 13 , 1466 -RRB- , also known as Donatello , was an early Renaissance Italian artist and sculptor from Florence .
FNMTV -LRB- officially Feedback New MTV ; informally Friday Night MTV -RRB- was a music video program on MTV focused on premiering new music videos and airing viewers ' instantaneous feedback from its website .
This and other songs are available for free downloads on the Esurance website .
As they began to play live , one of their show 's most distinctive features was the live painting by Connie Minowa and Scott West : over the course of a show they each completed a painting to be auctioned off at the end .
Cloud Cult is an experimental indie rock band from Minneapolis , Minnesota led by singer\/songwriter Craig Minowa .
In October 2008 , Cloud Cult was featured in an animated Esurance commercial .
The band is shown playing the song `` Lucky Today '' while floating on clouds .
Line 5 is currently 18.8 km .
â '' Line 5 , currently known as CornellÃ Centre - Vall d'Hebron , its termini , and often simply called `` LÃ nia Blava '' -LRB- Blue line -RRB- is line belonging to the Barcelona Metro network operated by TMB , and part of the ATM fare-integrated transport network .
long and has 26 stations , from CornellÃ to Vall d'Hebron in the northern part of Barcelona , where it is meeting L3 .
Station and line names in italics are under construction .
It first opened in 1959 .
The first mayor of the county , Rita Kalmbach , was succeeded in 2007 by Dennis Travale .
Ayent is a municipality in the district of HÃ rens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Dunnellon is located at .
The Ashdown Forest Centre -LRB- see below -RRB- is the main visitor center for the forest .
Keller is a town in Accomack County , Virginia , United States .
Based on the processes responsible for their formation , sedimentary rocks can be subdivided into four groups : clastic sedimentary rocks , biochemical -LRB- or biogenic -RRB- sedimentary rocks , chemical sedimentary rocks and a fourth category for `` other '' sedimentary rocks formed by impacts , volcanism , and other minor processes .
It is a facility of the Wheaton Park District .
The zoo , which is situated on 5 acres -LRB- 2 hectares -RRB- of land , is built on the site of a historic train station and consists of domestic animals , as well as wildlife that is native to Illinois .
The zoo holds many youth-directed programs , including Junior Zookeepers , birthday parties , and holiday events .
Cosley Zoo is an AZA-accredited zoo located in Wheaton , Illinois .
Puklice -LRB- -RRB- is a village in the Jihlava District , VysoÄ ina Region of the Czech Republic .
Puklice was first documented in 1318 .
About 760 people live there and it has 10,92 kmÂ .
Fort Gibson is a town in Cherokee and Muskogee counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The population was 4,054 at the 2000 census .
It is the location of Fort Gibson National Cemetery and is located near at the end of the Cherokees ' Trail of Tears at Tahlequah , Oklahoma .
Zhe -LRB- Ð -- Ð ; italics : Ð -- Ð -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Ashcroft was previously the 50th Governor of Missouri -LRB- 1985 -- 1993 -RRB- and a US senator from Missouri -LRB- 1995 -- 2001 -RRB- .
He served during the first term of President George W. Bush from 2001 until 2005 .
John David Ashcroft -LRB- born May 9 , 1942 -RRB- is a United States politician who was the 79th United States attorney general .
When threatened , Sipunculids can retract their body into a shape resembling a peanut kernel - a practice that has given rise to the name `` peanut worm '' .
Sipunculans are worm-like animals ranging from 2 t in length , with most species being under 10 c. The sipunculan body is divided into an unsegmented trunk and a narrower , retractable anterior section , called the `` introvert '' .
Sipunculans have a body wall somewhat similar to that of annelids -LRB- though unsegmented -RRB- in that it consists of a non-ciliated epidermis overlain by a cuticle , an outer layer of circular and an inner layer of longitudinal musculature . The body wall surrounds the coelom that is filled with fluid on which the body wall musculature acts as a hydrostatic skeleton to extend or contract the animal .
The sipunculan mouth is located at the anterior end of the introvert , which is surrounded by a mass of 18 - 24 ciliated tentacles in the Sipunculidea .
The tentacles are used to gather organic detritus from the water or substrate , and probably also function as gills .
The Sipuncula or Sipunculida , sipunculid worms or peanut worms , are a phylum containing 144-320 species -LRB- estimates vary -RRB- of bilaterally symmetrical , unsegmented marine worms .
The introvert is retractable into the trunk via two pairs of retractor muscles that extend as narrow ribbons from the trunk wall to attachment points in the introvert .
It is the opening track on his album Imagine , released in 1971 .
Imagine is a song written and performed by English musician John Lennon .
and `` Give Peace a Chance '' , in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll .
The song is one of three Lennon solo songs , along with `` Instant Karma ! ''
Rolling Stone ranked `` Imagine '' the third greatest song of all time in their editorial The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time .
`` Imagine '' was issued as a single a month after the album in the United States , catalogue Apple 1840 , and peaked at # 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
When asked about the song in one of his last interviews , Lennon declared `` Imagine '' to be as good as anything he had written with the Beatles .
Omatsone `` Sone '' Aluko -LRB- born 19 February 1989 -RRB- is a professional footballer who plays for Aberdeen .
Maximus the Confessor -LRB- also known as Maximus the Theologian and Maximus of Constantinople -RRB- -LRB- c. 580 â `` 13 August 662 -RRB- was a Christian monk , theologian , and scholar .
In his early life , he was a civil servant , and an aide to the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius .
However in 1982 , he joined the Social Democratic Party which would go on to form the Liberal Democrats , and he unsuccessfully contested seats in the elections of 1983 , 1987 and 1992 until being elected as the MP for the London constituency of Twickenham in the 1997 general election .
Later , he served as Chief Economist for the oil company Shell from 1995 to 1997 .
He was an advisor to the British government and to the Commonwealth Secretary-General in the 1970s and 1980s .
In 1970s , Cable was active in the Labor Party and became a Glasgow councillor .
Cable was the Liberal Democrats ' main economic spokesperson from 2003 to May 2010 .
John Vincent `` Vince '' Cable -LRB- born 9 May 1943 -RRB- is a British Liberal Democrat politician who is currently the Business Secretary in the coalition cabinet of David Cameron .
Cable studied economics at university and became an economic advisor to the Kenyan government in 1966 .
Furthermore , Pericles fostered Athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist .
Pericles had such a profound influence on Athenian society that Thucydides , his contemporary historian , acclaimed him as `` the first citizen of Athens '' .
He was descended , through his mother , from the powerful and historically influential Alcmaeonid family .
The period during which he led Athens , roughly from 461 to 429 BC , is sometimes known as the `` Age of Pericles '' , though the period thus denoted can include times as early as the Persian Wars , or as late as the next century .
This project beautified the city , exhibited its glory , and gave work to the people .
Pericles promoted the arts and literature ; this was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural center of the ancient Greek world .
Pericles turned the Delian League into an Athenian empire and led his countrymen during the first two years of the Peloponnesian War .
He started an ambitious project that built most of the surviving structures on the Acropolis -LRB- including the Parthenon -RRB- .
Pericles -LRB- , PeriklÄ `` s , `` surrounded by glory '' ; c. 495 â `` 429 BC -RRB- was a prominent and influential statesman , orator , and general of Athens during the city 's Golden Ageâ '' specifically , the time between the Persian and Peloponnesian wars .
It is being used in a Social Security Administration building at Woodlawn , Maryland , an unlikely target .
Gabriel detects Warlock 's hack and speaks with him , McClane , and Farrell ; he reveals to McClane that he has taken McClane 's estranged daughter Lucy -LRB- Mary Elizabeth Winstead -RRB- hostage . After Warlock traces Gabriel 's location to Woodlawn , McClane and Farrell head there , where Farrell triggers an alarm in the facility to alert the FBI .
Gabriel 's men take over the facility and start downloading a copy .
After Warlock traces Gabriel 's location to Woodlawn , McClane and Farrell head there , where Farrell triggers an alarm in the facility to alert the FBI . As McClane deals with Gabriel 's forces , Farrell manages to encrypt the downloaded data to block access to it , but is captured .
McClane dispatches all but one of Gabriel 's henchmen , but Gabriel still holds Lucy and Farrell hostage . Gabriel 's henchman , Emerson , shoots McClane in his shoulder and Gabriel makes McClane watch as he prepares to kill Lucy and Farrell .
However , when Gabriel grinds his gun into McClane 's wound , McClane fires it through his own shoulder and into Gabriel , killing him .
International trailers use the Die Hard 4.0 title , as the film was released outside North America with that title . Early into the DVD commentary for the film , both Wiseman and Willis note a preference for Die Hard 4.0 , and subtly mock the Live Free or Die Hard title .
Clemons is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
He was awarded the Linnean Society of London 's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1908 .
He was the first to provide an accurate description of the embryonic sac in gymnosperms -LRB- such as conifers -RRB- and angiosperms -LRB- flowering plants -RRB- , along with demonstrating double-fertilization in angiosperms .
Since 1881 he was head of the Botanisches Institut at the University of Bonn .
In 1868 he taught at the University of Warsaw .
Strasburger was a founder of the famous Lehrbuch der Botanik fÃ 1\/4 r Hochschulen -LRB- Textbook of Botany -RRB- , which first appeared in 1894 .
In 1869 he was appointed professor of botany at the University of Jena .
Together with Walther Flemming , and Edouard van Beneden he elucidated chromosome distribution during cell division .
He came up with one of the modern laws of plant cytology : `` New cell nuclei can only arise from the division of other nuclei . '' and originated the terms cytoplasm and nucleoplasm .
His work on the upward movement of tree sap proved that the process was physical and not physiological .
Eduard Adolf Strasburger -LRB- 1 February 1844 , Warsaw , Congress Poland â `` 19 May 1912 , Bonn , Imperial Germany -RRB- was a Polish-German professor who was one of the most famous botanists of the 19th century .
However , most of the earliest texts found in Japan are written in Classical Chinese , although they may have been meant to be read as Japanese by the kanbun method .
Some of these Chinese texts show the influences of Japanese grammar , such as word order placing the verb after the object -LRB- as in Japanese -RRB- rather than before -LRB- as in Chinese -RRB- .
Released on October 31 , 2000 , it is the first half of the Bizzar Bizaar double album , released the same day as its companion album , Bizaar .
On the August 20 , 1999 , episode of The Howard Stern Show , Insane Clown Posse clashed with fellow guest Sharon Osbourne , and she bet Violent J $ 50,000 that the group 's next album would not sell more than 200,000 copies , and that it would be subsequently dropped from its distributor .
Bizzar is the sixth studio album by Insane Clown Posse .
Violent J predicted that the group 's next album would sell at least 500,000 units .
If there is only one leaf , then the plant is considered single-leafed , vice versa .
The axillary bud is an embryonic shoot which lies at the junction of the stem and petiole of a plant .
Axillary buds can be used to differentiate if the plant is single-leafed or multi-leafed .
Simply count the number of leaves after an axillary bud .
Ngata , of Tongan ancestry , was a starting defensive tackle for the University of Oregon before he entered the 2006 NFL Draft when he was drafted by the Ravens with the 12th pick in the first round , who acquired the pick from the Cleveland Browns for their first round pick and a sixth round pick .
Etuini Haloti Ngata -LRB- ; born January 21 , 1984 , is a football player for the Baltimore Ravens .
Its county seat is Sacramento , which is also the state capital .
Sacramento County is governed by an elected five-member Sacramento County Board of Supervisors according to the Sacramento County Charter and the Sacramento County Code .
Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California .
St. Ignatius was Bishop of Antioch after Saint Peter and St. Evodius -LRB- who died around AD 67 -RRB- .
Important topics addressed in these letters include ecclesiology , the sacraments , and the role of bishops .
En route to his martyrdom in Rome , Ignatius wrote a series of letters which have been preserved as an example of very early Christian theology .
Besides his Greek name , Ignatius , he also called himself Theophorus -LRB- `` God Bearer '' -RRB- , and tradition says he was one of the children Jesus took in His arms and blessed .
Mario SebastiÃ n Viera GalaÃ n -LRB- born March 7 , 1983 in Florida , Florida Department -RRB- is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Junior Barranquilla in Colombia , as a goalkeeper .
ChÃ zy-sur-Marne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Saint-Cannat is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
He wrote a journal describing their encounters with local tribes , and their journey up the coast to St. Augustine .
After he died in 1968 the state acquired his land , and deeded it to the park .
He soon became known as the Wildman of the Loxahatchee .
Jonathan Dickinson State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site located in Martin County , Florida , between Hobe Sound and Tequesta .
The park includes a variety of natural communities , such as sand pine scrub , pine flatwoods , mangroves , and river swamps .
Most of the camp buildings were torn down , but some of the building foundations remain .
The Loxahatchee River , which was named a National Wild and Scenic River in 1985 -LRB- the first in Florida -RRB- , runs through the park .
It also has the Elsa Kimbell Environmental Education and Research Center , with exhibits about the park 's natural and cultural history .
The camp was deactivated in 1944 , after only two years of operation .
The park operates a 44-passenger boat for tours of Trapper Nelson 's homestead .
The park is named after Jonathan Dickinson , a Quaker merchant who was shipwrecked in 1696 , with his family and others , on the Florida coast near the present-day park .
The camp included over 1,000 buildings , and housed more than 6,000 officers and soldiers .
A man known as Trapper Nelson homesteaded on the banks of the Loxahatchee River after coming to the area in the 1930s , living off the land trapping and selling furs .
The address is 16450 S.E. Federal Highway , Hobe Sound .
The park has such amenities as bicycling , boat tours , boating , cabins , canoeing , fishing , hiking , horse trails , kayaking , picnicking areas , swimming , wildlife viewing and full camping facilities .
The United States Army established Camp Murphy , a top-secret radar training school , in the area that is now the park , in 1942 .
The property was transferred to the State of Florida in 1947 , and opened as a state park in 1950 .
Dollman died on 21 March 1942 , aged 65 .
Dollman 's Tree Mouse Dollman 's Vlei Rat are named after him .
In February 1907 , while still a student , he was employed by the Department of Zoology at the British Museum -LRB- Natural History -RRB- , where he spent most of his working life as Assistant Keeper of Mammals .
Elder son of the artist John Charles Dollman , Guy Dollman was born on 4 September 1886 and attended St Paul 's School , winning a scholarship to study at St John 's College Cambridge .
He did not see active service abroad as he was injured in a bomb accident .
He joined the British Army in 1915 , and obtained a commission in the 19th London Regiment .
Captain John Guy Dollman BA , FLS -LRB- 1886 â `` 1942 -RRB- , known as Guy Dollman , was a British zoologist and taxonomist .
In 1912 , on an expedition to Vietnam , he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur .
Dimmu Borgir is a Norwegian Black metal band from Oslo , Norway , formed in 1992 .
It has six rows of black spines and has a pair of long , clubbed spines on the head .
In the Variegated Fritillaryâ s range , the only similar species is the Mexican Fritillary -LRB- Euptoieta hegesia -RRB- .
The chrysalis is mainly shiny white , with small black spots , a variable amount of brown markings , and orange and gold tubercules .
Their flight is low and swift , but even when resting or nectaring , this species is extremely difficult to approach , and , because of this , its genus name was taken from the Greek word euptoietos meaning `` easily scared '' .
This species may be seen flying from Aprilâ `` October in the south , while in the north it flies from summer to early fall .
And because of their use of passionflowers as a host plant , Variegated Fritillaries also have taxonomic links to the heliconians .
The underside of the fore wing is orange with a pale orange spot rimmed in black in the fore wing cell .
The Variegated Fritillary -LRB- Euptoieta claudia -RRB- is a North and South American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
Both the fore wing and hind wing have a row of submarginal black spots and black median lines running across the wings .
The underside of the hind wing is mottled with browns and grays with a pale postmedian band .
In many individuals , the white is more conspicuous than the black .
This butterfly is often found in open , disturbed habitats such as clover and alfalfa fields , pastures , fields , waste areas , roadsides , and mountain meadows .
Even though the Variegated Fritillary has some very different characteristics from the Speyeria Fritillaries , it is still closely related to them .
The upper side of the wings is checkered with orange and black .
Adults overwinter in the south and fly north each spring and summer .
It has 2 â `` 3 broods per year .
The larva eats the leaves , flowers , and stems of the food plant .
Females lay their pale green or cream colored eggs singly on host plant leaves and stems .
There is no silvering .
Some of the differences are : Variegated Fritillaries have 2 â `` 3 broods per year vs. one per year in Speyeria ; they are nomadic vs. sedentary ; and they use a wide range of host plants vs. just violets .
The Mexican Fritillary is brighter orange , the upper side of its hind wing basal area is unmarked , and the underside of its wings is plainer , with no submarginal spots or median black lines .
Nevada is a city in and the county seat of Story County , Iowa , United States .
It can be used to create lists of verses , eg .
Exodus ; produces : Exodus ;
; Detail This template is used to provide sources for Bible verse references .
An alternative version of this template is available that does not include the book name : Template : Bibleverse-nb .
Note , though , that if no book number is relevant , the blank argument must be there , e.g. produces : -LRB- compare the spacing in the example below -RRB- .
A list of sources and codes that may be used to trigger them is at http://bibref.hebtools.com#srcref
Northwest or north west is the ordinal direction halfway between north and west on a compass .
It is the opposite of southeast .
Jay Dee Bentley -LRB- born on June 6 , 1964 in Wichita , Kansas -RRB- is the bassist and co-founding member of the punk rock group Bad Religion .
He has played with the band through its whole existence with a small break between 1982 and 1986 .
Akira Kawaguchi -LRB- born January 24 , 1967 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
Dwyane Tyrone Wade , Jr. -LRB- born January 17 , 1982 -RRB- nicknamed Flash or D-Wade , is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat .
Rob Reiner is the son of Carl Reiner and Estelle Reiner .
He studied at AlcalÃ de Henares , joined the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy on November 4 , 1600 , and entered the Monastery of San AntolÃ n at Guadalajara , Spain on January 21 , 1601 .
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Stax Records is an American record label , originally based in Memphis , Tennessee .
Mennevret is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Manchester Ship Canal is a 36 m long river navigation in North West England .
Hawthorne 's portrayal won the BAFTA Award for Best Light Entertainment Performance four times : 1981 , 1982 , 1986 and 1987 .
Sir Humphrey Appleby , GCB , KBE , MVO , MA -LRB- Oxon -RRB- , is a fictional character from the British television series Yes , Minister and Yes , Prime Minister .
In Yes Minister , he is the Permanent Secretary for the Department of Administrative Affairs -LRB- a fictional department of the British government -RRB- .
In the last episode of Yes , Minister , `` Party Games '' , he becomes Cabinet Secretary , the position he retains during Yes , Prime Minister .
He was played by Sir Nigel Hawthorne .
Giorgio Napolitano is the President of the Italian Republic , whilst Silvio Berlusconi is the nation 's Prime Minister -LRB- President of the Council of Ministers -RRB- .
Large numbers of people with full or significant Italian ancestry are found in Brazil -LRB- 25 million -RRB- , Argentina -LRB- 20 million -RRB- , US -LRB- 17.8 million -RRB- , France -LRB- 5 million -RRB- , Uruguay -LRB- 1.5 million -RRB- , Canada -LRB- 1.4 million -RRB- , Venezuela -LRB- 900,000 -RRB- and Australia -LRB- 800,000 -RRB- .
He has appeared in movies such as Re-Animator , Bad Dreams , The Prophecy II , Out of Time , and Bride of Re-Animator , and the TV series Dark Justice .
Bruce Paul Abbott -LRB- born July 28 , 1954 ; Portland , Oregon -RRB- is an American actor .
These may be modeled after Late Latin , Semitic or Germanic suffixes , such as :
To give a more specific English-language demonym for US citizens other than `` American '' however would be somewhat challenging : United Statian is awkward in English , but it exists in Spanish -LRB- estadounidense -RRB- , French -LRB- Ã tatsunien -LRB- ne -RRB- , although americain -LRB- e -RRB- is preferred -RRB- , Portuguese -LRB- estado-unidense or estadunidense -RRB- , Italian -LRB- statunitense -RRB- , and also in Interlingua -LRB- statounitese -RRB- .
The most common is to add a suffix to the end of the location 's name , slightly modified in some instances .
The English language uses several models to create demonyms .
US American -LRB- for the noun -RRB- and US-American -LRB- when used as a compound modifier preceding a noun -RRB- is another option , and is a common demonym in German -LRB- US-Amerikaner -RRB- .
Aphrodite journeys to Dione 's side after she has been wounded in battle while protecting her favorite son Aeneas .
Dione , in Greek mythology , is a vague goddess presence who has her most concrete form in Book V of Homer 's Iliad as the mother of Aphrodite .
Rietheim is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The first of these matches was a Singles match from the SmackDown brand that featured The Undertaker defeating World Heavyweight Champion Edge to win the title .
According to WWE Magazine , the amount of pyrotechnics used would be ten times that of the amount used on Raw .
Later , Michaels tried to go for his Sweet Chin Music , but stopped in the process and Flair capitalized by trapping him in his figure four leglock .
The construction finished on March 29 .
As a result , Big Show was knocked out as he could not answer the referee 's ten count , and Mayweather was declared the winner .
The next match , which was billed as a `` Battle for Brand Supremacy '' , was between SmackDown 's Batista and Raw 's Umaga .
Raw General Manager William Regal , who was portrayed as a matchmaker and rules enforcer , then announced that Cena would face Orton later in the night . Regal added a stipulation to the match that if Cena won , he would be added to the WrestleMania match between Triple H and Orton , making it a Triple threat match , a standard match that involves three wrestlers .
Finlay was accompanied to the ring by his storyline son , Hornswoggle , who was returning from a scripted injury suffered at the hands of JBL .
Instead of challenging Randy Orton for the title at WrestleMania , he decided to challenge him at No Way Out .
It was also the first WWE show and sports related title to be released on the Blu-ray Disc format by WWE Home Video .
After getting up on his feet with a worried face , Michaels said to Flair `` I 'm sorry , I love you , '' before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 35-year long wrestling career .
In that same issue , an initial design of the ring setup was revealed showing a larger rig surrounding the tarpaulin rig , with lighting and two giant screens attached .
Kane instantly pinned Chavo after a chokeslam and won the ECW Championship in nine seconds .
At the start of the match , both superstars engaged in a series of counters , and then Flair shoved Michaels in a corner , making `` Old Yeller '' comments to him .
During the match , when Triple H had held Orton in a sleeper hold , Cena picked up both Orton and Triple H for an FU , but Triple H dropped down and low blowed him .
With the Citrus Bowl 's locker rooms on the south side and the entrance set on the north side , a tented 40000 f mini-city outside the north end served as the show 's backstage area and included air conditioning , trailers , VIP areas , showers and restrooms .
As Flair was delivering chops to Michaels ' chest , Michaels hit a second Sweet Chin Music .
The steel beams for the structure were custom built in Belgium and shipped over to Orlando .
Michaels then trapped Flair in his modified figure four leglock , but Flair delivered a thumb to the eye to Michaels to break the submission .
During the match , JBL hit Finlay with a trash can lid when the latter was about to perform a suicide dive on him through the ropes on the outside .
Early in the match , Mayweather repeatedly escaped Big Show 's grasp and delivered body shots to him .
Capitalizing from this distraction , Mayweather grabbed that chair and hit Big Show multiple times on the head with it .
The second was a Triple Threat match from the Raw brand , in which WWE Champion Randy Orton defeated challengers Triple H and John Cena to retain the championship .
WrestleMania XXIV was the first WrestleMania event to be filmed in high-definition .
On February 18 , WWE announced via its website that the fourth annual Money in the Bank ladder match would take place at WrestleMania XXIV , a match where the objective is to retrieve a briefcase suspended in the air using a ladder .
Mayweather and his accomplices tried to `` walk out '' of the match , but Big Show walked up the ramp and brought Mayweather back in the ring .
The match came to an end when Cena had Triple H on his shoulders for the FU , but was countered into a Pedigree . As Triple H was in the pin , Orton come across and punted Triple H in the head and pinned Cena to win the match and retain the WWE Championship .
Later on , Finlay tossed JBL through a table that he had set up earlier on the turnbuckle .
Development on the set design began in the middle of 2007 .
Orton then tried to perform an RKO on Cena , but he countered and threw Orton onto Triple H. Triple H then started targeting Orton 's legs and using some submissions on him .
The other was a singles match from the ECW brand , in which Kane defeated ECW Champion Chavo Guerrero to win the ECW title .
Later , Carlito and Kennedy flipped Benjamin off a ladder in the ring , sending him crashing through another ladder set-up between the barricade and the ring apron .
Orton also performed DDT from the second rope to both Cena and Triple H simultaneously .
In the end , however , when Umaga tried to hit his Samoan Spike , Batista countered the attempt and gave him a spinebuster .
As a result , Umaga started targeting Batista 's injured back .
The Central Florida Sports Commission reported that the event created jobs and brought approximately 60,000 visitors to the city .
As the second WrestleMania to be held entirely outdoors , Vince McMahon also announced that the show would have taken place regardless of the weather conditions .
The set design for the entrance stage was at the north end of the stadium and consisted of another steel structure with various video screens hanging from it .
After the match , Triple H , who was the Special Guest Referee , executed a Pedigree to both Cena and Orton .
If Orton won , the main event would remain as Orton versus Triple H in a singles match .
For his entrance , Cena had the Jones High School Marching Tigers marching band perform an instrumental version of his theme song `` The Time Is Now '' live .
As Big Show was about to chokeslam Mayweather , one of Mayweather 's accomplices struck a steel chair on Big Show 's back , and the latter chokeslammed him in retaliation .
An emotional Flair embraced his family at ringside and then , as he proceeded to go backstage , he thanked the crowd for their support .
Up to seven generators were used to power up the show .
The match featured Chris Jericho , Mr. Kennedy , and Carlito from the Raw brand ; CM Punk , Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand ; and Montel Vontavious Porter -LRB- MVP -RRB- from the SmackDown brand .
At the Royal Rumble pay-per-view event in January , Randy Orton successfully defended the WWE Championship against Jeff Hardy at the same event where John Cena returned from an injury and won the Royal Rumble match , where thirty wrestlers competed in a ring and were eliminated by being thrown over the top rope when he last eliminated Triple H. By winning the match , Cena became a top contender for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXIV .
The sixth match was the Playboy BunnyMania Lumberjack match , in which Maria and Ashley faced Beth Phoenix and Melina , who were accompanied to the ring by Santino Marella .
Without the restriction of a roof , the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as 2000 f as compared to WrestleMania 23 's height of 150 f. The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby the stadium .
During the celebration , a hot cable for pyrotechnics was sent flying into audience members in the upper seating bowl of the stadium , leaving 45 injured with some hospitalized .
The ring itself was built on the 50-yard line of the Citrus Bowl to give the best view for fans .
In his return promotional interview , Big Show threatened to give Rey Mysterio a chokeslam .
Orton then dominated the match for some time ; one highlight of the match featured Orton performing a crossbody from the top rope on Cena , while the latter was held on Triple H 's shoulders in a seating position .
After the match , Snoop Dogg hit Marella with his forearm in the ring and kissed Maria , before leaving with her and Ashley .
The main event of the night saw Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against The Undertaker .
In the match , Orton got himself intentionally disqualified by slapping the referee , thus retaining the WWE Championship due to WWE regulations .
Professional boxer and WBC Welterweight Champion Floyd Mayweather , Jr. , who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio 's , came to his aid and confronted Big Show .
The first match that aired live on pay-per-view was a Belfast Brawl between Finlay and John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield -LRB- JBL -RRB- , a match where there were no disqualifications or countouts and the match outcomes could have occurred anywhere .
Tickets for the event commenced sale to the public on November 3 , 2007 .
Finally , Mayweather removed his right glove and put on a pair of brass knuckles to hit Big Show in the face .
Early in the match , both Batista and Umaga exchanged blows and Batista knocked Umaga outside with a shoulder block .
Ric Flair 's `` Career Threatening '' match against Shawn Michaels was next , which stipulated that Flair would have to retire from wrestling if he had lost .
Heavy-duty plastic flooring had been put over the field , to protect the turf , provide seating , and serve as the steel structures ' foundation .
Afterward , Michaels finally delivered the Sweet Chin Music to Flair , but the latter kicked out to the pinfall attempt .
After the match , Michaels left quickly and Flair got a standing ovation from the crowd .
Numerous other roads were also closed to allow trucks and fork lifts to move in mega equipment for the event .
The winner would earn a contract to challenge for any of the three WWE World Championships -LRB- the WWE Championship of Raw , the World Heavyweight Championship of SmackDown , or the ECW Championship of ECW -RRB- at any time and any place over a one-year period .
As soon as Morrison started to climb a ladder , see-sawing with another ladder , Jericho flipped the other one and Morrison landed on the ring-ropes groin-first .
After the show , WWE was criticized for a malfunction in the pyrotechnics during The Undertaker 's victory celebration .
The event took place on March 30 , 2008 , at the Citrus Bowl in Orlando , Florida and was the first WrestleMania to be held in the state of Florida .
On the February 25 episode of Raw , 2008 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee Ric Flair challenged Shawn Michaels to a match at WrestleMania .
Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage during his ring entrance .
WWE decided not to add another superstar in his place , making that year 's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to have seven participants .
Attacking Finlay 's knee with a kendo stick , JBL delivered a Clothesline from Hell to Finlay to score a successful pinfall .
In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine , WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain from falling on the ring .
In the end , Jericho and Punk fought each other on a ladder , but Punk trapped Jericho 's one leg in the ladder 's steps and retrieved the briefcase to win the match .
100 people worked 16 hours a day to construct the set for the event .
It was also the second WrestleMania event to be held at an outdoor venue , with the first being WrestleMania IX .
WWE 's corporate website released a statement afterward stating that they would investigate the incident , though the results of the investigation were never released .
Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after a Batista Bomb .
The next match was the No Disqualification match between The Big Show and Floyd Mayweather , Jr. .
The final design had the lighting and video screens on the tarpaulin rig , as well as the sound system .
In response , Raw commentator Jerry Lawler approached and knocked Marella down with a punch .
Due to some technical difficulties , the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match .
After Big Show dropped to his knees , Mayweather attacked him with a combination of punches , which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth .
During an interview , WWE production manager Brian Petree mentioned that video reinforcement should prevent anyone 's view from being obstructed by the steel structure .
The fourth match for the event featured Chavo Guerrero defending his ECW Championship against Kane .
When MVP was close to retrieving the contract briefcase , Matt Hardy -LRB- returning to action after suffering a legitimate injury -RRB- , entered the ring from the crowd , climbed the ladder , and delivered a Twist of Fate to MVP off that ladder .
That same night , Triple H also became a top contender to the WWE Championship by defeating five other men in an Elimination Chamber match , which featured wrestlers fighting in a ring surrounded by chains and girders .
For the second consecutive year , WrestleMania broke the record for the highest-grossing pay-per-view in WWE history , as well as for the Citrus Bowl , grossing US$ 5.85 million in ticket sales .
In a No Disqualification match , Floyd Mayweather , Jr. defeated The Big Show .
Near the end , a pin attempt by Maria was prevented when Marella pulled Maria 's leg .
In retaliation , Michaels slapped Flair in the face , which caused him to start bleeding from the mouth .
WrestleMania XXIV was the twenty-fourth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Flair said that `` it would be an honor for -LRB- him -RRB- to retire at the hands of Shawn Michaels . ''
Rapper Snoop Dogg served as the official `` Master of Ceremonies '' for the match .
WWE has been said to have spent an estimated $ 300,000 on the fireworks alone .
As a consequence , the road next to the north end zone , W. Church Street , was closed down until a day after the event .
The predominant rivalry scripted into WrestleMania on the Raw brand was between Randy Orton , John Cena , and Triple H , over the WWE Championship .
Early in the match , Morrison climbed a turnbuckle and performed a moonsault onto other competitors outside the ring while holding a ladder against his chest .
On that night , Cena was in charge and pitted Orton against Triple H. During the match , Cena charged into the ring and lifted Triple H overhead for an FU .
Later , while Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder , Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one and performed a sunset flip powerbomb on Kennedy , who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder .
The following night on Raw , the Big Show challenged Mayweather to a wrestling match , which Mayweather accepted .
Umaga later kicked Batista in the face , which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron .
The accident was apparently due to a cable which fireworks were traveling across snapping , thus resulting in the fireworks exploding into the top rows of the upper bowl of the stadium .
The building of the actual set began in the middle of March 2008 .
Hornswoggle also got involved during the match by hitting JBL with a kendo stick , while later on JBL threw a trash can at him .
The first of the 3 main events was , Randy Orton defending his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match , which is a standard match involving three wrestlers with no disqualifications .
Murray Gold -LRB- born 1969 -RRB- is an English composer for stage , film , and television and a dramatist for both theater and radio .
Associazione Calcio Legnano was an Italian football club , based in Legnano , Lombardy , that was founded in 1913 .
Not until 1942 was HÃ lsingland granted its third city , that of BollnÃ s. It was to become the last city -LRB- in HÃ lsingland -RRB- as City status in Sweden was abolished in 1971 .
Scott Stewart Bakula -LRB- ; born October 9 , 1954 -RRB- is an American actor , known for his role as Sam Beckett in the television series Quantum Leap , for which he won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor â `` Television Series Drama in 1991 and was nominated for four Emmy Awards .
She has won two Academy Awards , eight Grammy Awards , four Emmy Awards , a Special Tony Award , an American Film Institute award , a Peabody Award .
Barbra Joan Streisand -LRB- pronounced ; born April 24 , 1942 -RRB- is an American singer , actress , film producer and director .
La Villette is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Korean Wikipedia is the Korean language edition of the Wikipedia .
As of 15 December 2010 , it has over 150,000 articles and is the 20th largest Wikipedia .
Cadenazzo is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona , in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Rigby is a small city in and the county seat of Jefferson County , Idaho , United States .
Kopan has become especially famous for teaching Buddhism to visiting Western foreigners .
The monastery was established by the FPMT founders , Lamas Thubten Yeshe and Thubten Zopa Rinpoche , who bought the property from Nepal 's royal astrologer in 1969 .
Its name comes from the name of the hill on which it was built .
The first of what would become annual month-long -LRB- November-December -RRB- meditation courses was held in 1971 .
These courses generally combine traditional Lam Rim teachings with informal discussion , several periods of guided meditation , and a vegetarian diet .
It belongs to the Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition -LRB- FPMT -RRB- , an international network of Gelugpa dharma centers , and once served as its headquarters .
Kopan Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery near Boudhanath , on the outskirts of Kathmandu , Nepal .
Berson is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It has a seating capacity of 101,821 , and is the 2nd largest stadium in the SEC , the fifth largest stadium in the nation and the eighth largest non-racing stadium by seating in the world .
The stadium opened in 1929 , and was originally named Denny Stadium , in honor of former Alabama president George Hutchenson Denny .
The stadium 's name was amended to Bryantâ `` Denny Stadium in 1975 after the Alabama legislature chose to honor famed Alabama coach Paul `` Bear '' Bryant .
Bryantâ `` Denny Stadium , located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama is the home stadium for the University of Alabama football team .
Mount Elbrus -LRB- , Elbrus ; , -RRB- is an inactive volcano located in the western Caucasus mountain range , in Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia .
Turkestan , spelled also as Turkistan literally meaning `` Land of the Turks '' .
Robert L. Esche -LRB- born January 22 , 1978 in Whitesboro , New York -RRB- is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- .
Pugnac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
For the drug , see PUGNAc
He later married again to Marie Jeanne of Savoy by whom he had a son .
She resided at the ChÃ cents teau de Blois .
The couple met for the first time at Annecy on 3 April 1663 where they were married officially .
She was the favorite sister of La Grande Mademoiselle , the famous heiress .
She was buried at Turin Cathedral where she rests today .
OrlÃ ans was born at the ChÃ cents teau de Saint Germain en Laye outside Paris in 1664 . She was the youngest surviving daughter of Gaston d'Orl Ã ans and his second wife Marguerite of Lorraine .
OrlÃ ans married the Duke of Savoy by proxy at the Palais du Louvre on 4 March 1663 .
From birth , she was styled Mademoiselle de Valois , derived from one of her fathers subsidiary titles .
The homesick princess soon died at the Royal Palace of Turin at the age of 15 leaving a husband husband without an heir .
Hiroshi Ninomiya -LRB- born February 13 , 1937 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and manager .
This article is about the Knoxville campus . For the statewide system , see University of Tennessee system or see articles about individual campuses : University of Tennessee at Chattanooga , University of Tennessee at Martin , and University of Tennessee Health Science Center .
At one time Atomic City , Idaho was actually called Midway , Idaho .
The town also used to have a much bigger population back when the neighboring DOE site was bigger .
Atomic City is located at .
This might have been because the town is halfway between the towns of Blackfoot and Arco .
RÃ 1\/4 ti is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Citizens of Hephzibah and Blythe , Georgia , also located in Richmond County , decided to maintain separate governments . Augusta and Richmond County 's consolidation took effect January 1 , 1996 , with the city and county merging operations .
The cityâ s famous golf course , the Augusta National Golf Club , hosts the first major golf tournament of each year , The Masters .
Oglethorpe named the town Augusta , in honor of Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha , the Princess of Wales , daughter-in-law of King George II of Great Britain and mother of King George III of Great Britain .
Augusta was the second state capital of Georgia from 1785 until 1795 -LRB- alternating for a period with Savannah , the first -RRB- .
Augusta -LRB- also known as Augustaâ `` Richmond County -RRB- is a consolidated city in the U.S. state of Georgia , located along the Savannah River . The city of Augusta and Richmond County governments merged operations in 1996 ; as of the 2010 Census , the Augusta-Richmond County population was 195,844 not counting the unconsolidated cities of Hephzibah and Blythe .
Commonwealth countries which use the rank include Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan , India , Singapore , Sri Lanka and Kenya .
A midshipman is an officer cadet , or a commissioned officer of the lowest rank , in the Royal Navy , United States Navy , and many Commonwealth navies .
The rank was also used , prior to 1968 , by the Royal Canadian Navy , but upon the creation of the Canadian Forces the rank of midshipman was replaced with the rank of naval cadet .
Prior to 1968 Canada also used the rank of midshipman , until the National Defense Act consolidated the Royal Canadian Navy with the Army and Air Force into a single military , called the Canadian Forces .
Punch Brothers are a bluegrass band consisting of Chris Thile -LRB- mandolin -RRB- , Gabe Witcher -LRB- fiddle\/violin -RRB- , Noam Pikelny -LRB- banjo -RRB- , Chris Eldridge -LRB- guitar -RRB- , and Paul Kowert -LRB- bass -RRB- .
Saint Mirren Football Club -LRB- commonly known by the shorter St. Mirren or by the nicknames The Buddies and The Saints -RRB- are a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley , Renfrewshire .
St. Mirren play in the Scottish Premier League , having been promoted from the First Division in 2005 â `` 06 .
The metropolitan areas of CÃ rdoba and Rosario have around 1.3 million inhabitants each and Mendoza , TucumÃ n , La Plata , Mar del Plata , Salta and Santa Fe have at least half a million people each .
Argentina 's continental area is between the Andes mountain range in the west and the Atlantic Ocean in the east .
Argentina also claims the Falkland Islands and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands , which are administered by the United Kingdom as British Overseas Territories .
It borders Paraguay and Bolivia to the north , Brazil and Uruguay to the northeast , and Chile to the west and south .
Conjoined twins -LRB- also known as Siamese twins -RRB- are whose bodies are joined in utero .
The overall survival rate for conjoined twins is approximately 25 % .
The most common types of conjoined twins are :
David Herman was born in New York City and raised in Washington Heights .
He is also known for his voice roles on television programs such as Futurama and King of the Hill .
Earlier , Herman had joined the cast of John Leguizamo 's House of Buggin in 1994 ; however , that show was short-lived .
David Herman -LRB- born February 20 , 1967 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian and voice actor best known as an original cast member of MADtv and for his role as Michael Bolton in Office Space .
Herman appeared in the films Born on the Fourth of July , Lost Angels and Let It Be Me , but he is probably best known for his role as Michael Bolton in Mike Judge 's Office Space .
When Fox decided to mount a sketch comedy show to replace House of Buggin , Herman was kept on as an original MADtv cast member .
He graduated from the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in 1987 , then attended the acting program at SUNY Purchase .
The United States Atomic Energy Commission -LRB- AEC -RRB- was an agency of the United States government established after World War II by Congress to foster and control the peace time development of atomic science and technology .
President Harry S. Truman signed the McMahon\/Atomic Energy Act on August 1 , 1946 , transferring the control of atomic energy from military to civilian hands , effective from January 1 , 1947 .
A cameo role or cameo appearance -LRB- often shortened to just cameo -RRB- is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts , such as plays , films , video games and television .
Short appearances by celebrities , film directors , politicians , athletes , musicians or even characters from other fictional works are common .
Millersburg is a city in Bourbon County , Kentucky , United States .
Zeb is located at .
Christian Obodo -LRB- born 11 May 1984 in Warri , Nigeria -RRB- is a football defensive midfielder from Nigeria , currently plays for Italian Serie B side Torino .
Stralsund is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany , situated at the southern coast of the Strelasund -LRB- a sound of the Baltic Sea separating the island of RÃ 1\/4 gen from the mainland -RRB- .
In 1293 Stralsund became a member of the Hanseatic League .
From 1949 until German Reunification in 1990 , Stralsund was part of the German Democratic Republic .
Lucas ' conceptualization of Palpatine and the role the character plays in Star Wars changed over time . From Return of the Jedi onwards , Palpatine became the ultimate personification of evil in Star Wars , replacing Darth Vader as the central villain .
Paramore began recording their second album , Riot !
But we never for a second thought about leaving any of this behind . ''
The band , however , returned to their hometown to record the music video for the fourth single `` That 's What You Get '' , which was then released on March 24 , 2008 .
Paramore released `` Pressure '' as its first single , with a video directed by Shane Drake , but the song had failed to place in the charts .
The group released its debut album All We Know Is Falling in 2005 , and its second album Riot !
is certified gold in the United States .
For the last year it has n't seemed as if they wanted to be around anymore .
Williams wrote on the band 's web site that `` the break will give that band ' a chance to get away and work out our personal issues ' '' .
According to Williams , the name `` Paramore '' came from the maiden name of the mother of one of their first bass players .
Paramore is an American rock band from Franklin , Tennessee , formed in 2004 .
We want Josh and Zac to do something that makes them happy and if that is n't here with us , then we support them finding happiness elsewhere .
On May 19 , 2008 , Paramore announced on their website that they will be going on tour again , the tour being named `` The Final Riot ! ''
Hayley Williams recorded guest vocals for the tracks `` The Church Channel '' and `` Plea '' for the Say Anything concept album In Defense of the Genre released on October 23 , 2007 .
In the message they stated , `` A couple of months ago , Josh and Zac let us know they would be leaving the band after our show in Orlando last Sunday .
Once the group learned the meaning of the homophone `` paramor '' -LRB- `` secret lover '' -RRB- , they decided to adopt the name , using the Paramore spelling .
Josh Farro wrote a personal response on the departure on his Blogger account , entirely different from the band 's response , claiming that the band was `` a manufactured product of a major-label . ''
None of us were really shocked .
The band began shooting the video October 13 and it premiered on November 3 .
MTV.com reported that fans of Paramore were speculating about the future of the band and reported rumors of trouble had begun earlier in the month when Josh Farro expressed his anger against the media 's focus on Hayley Williams .
Recording took three weeks , and promotional material for the album only featured the four remaining members .
in January 2007 , ending production in March without rhythm guitarist Hunter Lamb -LRB- who left the band early in 2007 after getting married -RRB- ; without Lamb , lead guitarist Josh Farro was required to play both guitar parts on the album .
The band released a live album named The Final Riot ! on November 25 , 2008 .
On March 21 , 2011 , Paramore stated on their various social networking accounts that they were entering a studio in Los Angeles with producer Rob Cavallo to record their next album .
The second single from Riot !
He further accused Hayley Williams of being manipulated by her management , treating the rest of the group as her solo project , and claimed she was the only member of the band who was signed to Atlantic Records , while her bandmates were simply `` riding on the coattails of her dream '' .
`` Brick By Boring Brick '' , `` The Only Exception '' , `` Careful '' and `` Playing God '' followed as the album 's next singles .
The video for `` Crushcrushcrush '' featured the band playing a performance in a barren desert , being spied upon , and later destroying their equipment .
entered the Billboard 200 at number 20 , the UK charts at number 24 , and sold 44,000 its first week in the United States .
The first single from the album , released June 21 , 2007 , `` Misery Business '' , is , according to Williams , `` more honest than anything I 've ever written , and the guys matched that emotion musically . ''
On February 2 , 2011 , Josh Farro confirmed the name of his new band , Novel American .
The single was released in the United States on November 19 and made available in the United Kingdom on November 12 , 2007 .
The album artwork also reflected Paramore 's grief as Hayley Williams explains , `` The couch on the cover of All We Know is Falling with no one there and the shadow walking away ; it 's all about Jeremy leaving us and us feeling like there 's an empty space . ''
All We Know Is Falling was released on July 24 , 2005 , and reached # 30 on the Billboard 's Heatseekers Chart .
Paramore traveled back to Orlando , Florida , but shortly after arriving , Jeremy Davis left the band , citing personal reasons .
The album includes a bonus DVD with a full concert recorded in Chicago , as well as a behind the scenes documentary .
In early February 2008 , the band began a tour in Europe , however on February 21 , 2008 , the band announced that they had canceled six shows due to personal issues .
, `` Hallelujah '' , was released on July 30 , 2007 , and is only available online and on UK television .
had been chosen because it meant `` a sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion '' , and it was a word that `` summed it all up '' .
The band consists of lead vocalist Hayley Williams , bassist Jeremy Davis , and guitarist Taylor York .
with New Jersey producer David Bendeth -LRB- Your Vegas , Breaking Benjamin -RRB- , releasing the album on June 12 , 2007 .
Another song called `` I Caught Myself '' is also featured on the film 's soundtrack .
Paramore wrote and completed their newest record Brand New Eyes in early 2009 . The first single off of the album was `` Ignorance '' and was released July 7 , 2009 .
The video , much like `` All We Know '' , features backstage footage and live performances .
In July , `` Emergency '' was released as the second single , the video again reuniting the band with director Shane Drake and featuring Hunter Lamb -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , who replaced Jason Bynum .
The third single , `` All We Know '' , was released with limited airtime , with the video consisting of a collection of live performances and backstage footage .
The band was officially formed by Josh Farro -LRB- lead guitar\/backing vocals -RRB- , Zac Farro -LRB- drums -RRB- , Jeremy Davis -LRB- bass guitar -RRB- and Hayley Williams -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- in 2004 , with the later addition of Williams ' neighbor Jason Bynum -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- . When Davis showed up , he was stunned to find out the drummer was only twelve years old .
As of the 9 of April 2009 , The Final Riot !
On October 11 , 2007 , the music video for `` Crushcrushcrush '' debuted on the United States television as the next single from Riot ! .
, starting July 25 and ending September 1 .
Little Anthony and the Imperials is a rhythm and blues\/soul\/doo-wop vocal group from New York , first active in the 1950s .
Lead singer Jerome Anthony `` Little Anthony '' Gourdine was noted for his high-pitched falsetto voice influenced by Jimmy Scott .
Hamoir is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Paraguay is divided by the RÃ o Paraguay into the eastern region , called Eastern Paraguay -LRB- Paraguay Oriental -RRB- and known as the ParanÃ region ; and the western region , officially called Western Paraguay -LRB- Paraguay Occidental -RRB- and also known as the Chaco .
Paraguay , officially the Republic of Paraguay -LRB- , ; GuaranÃ : TetÃ # ParaguÃ i -RRB- , is a landlocked country in South America .
It is bordered by Argentina to the south and southwest , Brazil to the east and northeast , and Bolivia to the northwest .
The city is nestled between the southwestern Ridge-and-valley Appalachians and the foot of Walden 's Ridge ; the river separates the ridge from the western side of downtown .
See also a list of Mayors of Chattanooga , Tennessee .
The most prominent natural features in and around Chattanooga are the Tennessee River and the surrounding highlands .
Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in the U.S. state of Tennessee with a population of 167,674 -LRB- after Memphis , Nashville and Knoxville -RRB- , and the seat of Hamilton County .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the city has a total area of 143.2 square miles -LRB- 370.8 kmÂ -RRB- , of which , 135.2 square miles -LRB- 350.2 kmÂ -RRB- of it is land and 8.0 square miles -LRB- 20.6 kmÂ -RRB- of it -LRB- 5.56 % -RRB- is water .
Navbahor Namangan is a Uzbekistani football club based in Namangan .
L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in western France .
Jard-sur-Mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The species are most often found in thin woods and in granite and limestone soils .
Blephilia hirsuta and Blephilia ciliata are considered threatened or endangered in some states .
They are all herbaceous plants native to eastern North America .
Blephilia -LRB- Downy Pagoda Plant or Wood Mint -RRB- is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
Among many poems that Iraj composed , his well-known poems include Satan -LRB- in Persian : Ebleess -RRB- , Mother -LRB- in Persian : Maadar -RRB- , A Letter to a Poet Aref Ghazvini -LRB- in Persian : Arefnameh -RRB- , Woman 's Picture -LRB- in Persian : Tassvir-e-Zan -RRB- , Story of the Veil or Hijab -LRB- in Persian : hejab -RRB- and the Story of Zohreh and Manouchehr -LRB- in Persian : Daastan-e-Zohreh-o-Manouchehr -RRB- , which is based on William Shakespeare 's Venus and Adonis .
His tomb is in Zahir o-dowleh Cemetery between Darband and Tajrish located in Shemiran , north of Tehran .
Port Orange is a city in Volusia County , Florida , United States .
River Plate Football Club was a sports club from Uruguay , founded in 1897 in Montevideo , the country 's capital .
Cierges is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
La BretonniÃ re-la-Claye is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
La BoissiÃ re-des-Landes is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Gran Colombia -LRB- , Great Colombia -RRB- is a name used today for the state that encompassed much of northern South America and part of southern Central America from 1819 to 1831 . This short-lived republic included the territories of present-day Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and Panama .
The first three were the successor states to Gran Colombia at its dissolution .
Contemporary governance practice and theory sometimes questions this distinction , premising that both `` governance '' and `` politics '' involve aspects of power .
DeBary is located at .
An escalator is a moving staircase â `` a conveyor transport device for carrying people between floors of a building .
The device consists of a motor-driven chain of individual , linked steps that move up or down on tracks , allowing the step treads to remain horizontal .
Sodium phosphide is also employed commercially as a catalyst in conjunction with zinc phosphide and aluminium phosphide for polymer production .
Edward Lodewijk `` Eddie '' Van Halen -LRB- born October 12 , 1954 -RRB- is a Dutch-born American guitarist , keyboardist , songwriter and producer , best known as the lead guitarist and co-founder of the hard rock band Van Halen , inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Yasumasa Nishino is a Japanese football .
Work began in May , 2009 . The film was officially released on September 27 , 2010 at the Netherlands Film Festival .
The film follows a girl named Sintel who is searching for a baby dragon she calls Scales . A flashback reveals that Sintel found Scales with its wing injured and helped care for it , forming a close bond with it .
The online release was made available for download on September 30 , 2010 .
It lies roughly 3 m south of Manchester city center and is bisected north -- south by Wilmslow Road and east -- west by Moseley Road and Wilbraham Road . The former Fallowfield Loop railway line , now a cycle path , follows a route nearly parallel with the east -- west main road .
Fallowfield is a suburban locality in the city of Manchester , England .
The Championnat de France National , commonly referred to as simply National or Division 3 , is a football league competition .
Singaporean English is based on British English , and forms of English spoken in Singapore range from Standard English to a pidgin known as Singlish .
Singapore has four official languages : English , Malay , Mandarin , and Tamil .
The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar , represented by the symbol S$ or the ISO abbreviation SGD .
Interchangeability with the Brunei dollar is still maintained .
Malay is the `` national language '' of Singapore , a ceremonial rather than functional designation to reflect the country 's history .
It is used in the national anthem `` Majulah Singapura '' and in military commands .
Singaporean English is based on British English , and forms of English spoken in Singapore range from Standard English to a pidgin known as Singlish . Singlish is heavily discouraged by the government .
Chinese is the most common home language amongst Singaporeans : half of all Singaporeans speak it as their home language .
Singlish is heavily discouraged by the government .
Alembon is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Since this value is near the approximate diameter of Ananke itself , it is likely the parent body was not heavily disrupted .
Their semi-major axes -LRB- distances from Jupiter -RRB- range between 19.3 and 22.7 Gm , their orbital inclinations between 145.7 Â and 154.8 Â , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
The International Astronomical Union -LRB- IAU -RRB- reserves names ending in - e for all retrograde moons , including this group 's members .
The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and subsequently fragmented by a collision .
The edible root of zedoary has a white interior and a fragrance reminiscent of mango ; however , its flavor is more similar to ginger , except with a very bitter aftertaste .
Zedoary has been used to treat coronary heart disease , liver cancer , anemia , chronic pelvic inflammation and helps prevent leukopenia due to cancer therapies .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines , where it is reputed to be an aid to digestion , a relief for colic and an agent for purifying the blood .
In Indonesia , it is ground to a powder and added to curry pastes , whereas in India , it tends to be used fresh or in pickling .
The penny sterling -LRB- plural pence , abbreviation p -RRB- is a subdivision of pound sterling , the currency for the United Kingdom .
Jette is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
The term sometimes is used to refer specifically to climate change caused by human activity ; for example , the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change defines climate change as `` a change of climate which is attributed directly or indirectly to human activity that alters the composition of the global atmosphere and which is in addition to natural climate variability observed over comparable time periods . '' In the latter sense climate change is synonymous with global warming .
In recent usage , especially in the context of environmental policy , climate change usually refers to changes in modern climate .
The channel is on-air from 19:00 to around 04:00 each night , in order to share terrestrial television bandwidth with the CBBC Channel .
Nine million people watch BBC Three every week .
As part of the BBC 's discussions with the government regarding the founding of the channel , a longer news program had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs .
The channel is the successor to the similar BBC Choice and was launched on 9 February 2003 , eleven months after the originally planned launch date -LRB- and the launch of BBC Four -RRB- .
These include John Humphrys , who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to BBC Radio 4 's Today program , which he presents , John Sweeney of Panorama , and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content .
They are presented in a relaxed style in keeping with the rest of the channel .
Most recently , it won Broadcast Magazines Digital Channel of the Year Award for Best General Entertainment Channel , and MGEITF Non Terrestrial Channel of the Year .
The channel is aimed at 16-34 year olds , and competes with other digital channels including ITV2 and E4 .
80 % is original , covering all genres , from current affairs , to drama , to comedy to animation .
Meanwhile , Its share of the audience during its transmission hours is 2.6 % among 15-34 year olds , and 1.7 % among all individuals .
The channel features hourly news updates called 60 Seconds , presented by Sam Naz during the week , which include the top news , sport and entertainment stories .
The channel was launched by Stuart Murphy , who previously ran BBC Choice , and before that UK Play , the now-discontinued UKTV music and comedy channel on which ran Rock Profile , by Matt Lucas and David Walliams -LRB- who went on to star in Little Britain -RRB- .
The channel has had critical and popular successes , winning more awards in its six year history than its commercial rivals -LRB- Sky One , Living , E4 , ITV2 , Five and Comedy Central -RRB- have won in their combined 25-year history .
Despite several official complaints from the BBC , BARB continues to publish figures which the BBC argues are unrepresentative .
The News Show , as it came to be called upon launch was later rebranded The 7 O'Clock News .
In 2008 , BBC Three 's Gavin & Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part .
Unlike its commercial rivals , 90 % of BBC Three 's output is from the United Kingdom and other European Union countries .
Torchwood launched with an impressive 2.4 million viewers in October 2006 , breaking BBC Three 's previous record of 1.8 million for Little Britain .
In total BBC Three has won 7 BAFTA awards , 5 British Comedy Awards , 15 Royal Television Society Awards and 5 Rose d'Or Awards since the channel was launched in February 2003 .
However , the BBC discontinued the bulletin in 2005 , claiming that the program 's audience was minuscule and the output was provided elsewhere on the BBC .
BARB , the official ratings agency , averages out BBC Three 's viewing figures over 24 hours even though the channel only broadcasts in the evening , giving a distorted sense of the channel 's viewership .
The channel has also come in for criticism from several corners , the most prominent of which are some of the BBC 's long-standing presenters .
British Chinese -LRB- \/ è å 1\/2 å ä 3\/4 -RRB- , including British-born Chinese -LRB- often informally referred to as BBC -RRB- , are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in , or have migrated to , the United Kingdom . They are part of the Chinese diaspora , or overseas Chinese .
It is most often used in arenas for sports that were originally or are normally played on grass .
Artificial turf is a surface manufactured from synthetic fibers made to look like natural grass .
However , it is now being used on residential lawns and commercial applications as well .
Heinz Strehl -LRB- 20 July 1938 â `` 11 August 1986 -RRB- was a former German football player .
After quitting Kiss following the Lick It Up tour , Vincent formed Vinnie Vincent Invasion -LRB- also known as VVI -RRB- , and released two LPs : Vinnie Vincent Invasion -LRB- 1986 -RRB- and All Systems Go -LRB- 1988 -RRB- .
As a solo artist , he has released an EP -LRB- Euphoria , 1996 , with Robert Fleischman -RRB- with Vinnie on bass , vocals and drums .
Vinnie also released a collector 's CD in 2001 entitled Speedball Jamm which consisted of his own private recordings of the VINNIE VINCENT INVASION jamm sessions recorded during rehearsals in 1986 which included moments of just Vinnie soloing alone .
It is central to the Information Society .
Communication is a fundamental social process , a basic human need and the foundation of all social organization .
Everyone , everywhere should have the opportunity to participate and no one should be excluded from the benefits of the Information Society offers . ''
`` We reaffirm , as an essential foundation of the Information Society , and as outlined in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , that everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; that this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers .
The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from the meltwater of the Rupal Glacier in northern Pakistan .
The stream flows through the Rupal Valley , south of Nanga Parbat , before turning northeast to the village of Tarashing .
The Rupal drains into the Astore River , which eventually reaches the Indus near Jaglot .
-LRB- a -RRB- Share a large majority of their species and ecological dynamics ; -LRB- b -RRB- Share similar environmental conditions , and ; -LRB- c -RRB- Interact ecologically in ways that are critical for their long-term persistence .
Ecoregions cover relatively large areas of land or water , and contain characteristic , geographically distinct assemblages of natural communities and species .
An ecoregion -LRB- ecological region -RRB- , sometimes called a bioregion , is an ecologically and geographically defined area that is smaller than an ecozone and larger than an ecosystem .
The `` Global 200 '' is the list of ecoregions identified by WWF as priorities for conservation .
According to WWF , the boundaries of an ecoregion approximate the original extent of the natural communities prior to any major recent disruptions or changes .
WWF has identified 867 terrestrial ecoregions , and approximately 450 freshwater ecoregions across the Earth .
In addition to discovering hundreds of thousands of asteroids -LRB- 225,957 as of December 31 , 2007 -RRB- , LINEAR is also credited with the discovery , or co-discovery , or rediscovery of several periodic comets , including 11P\/Tempel-Swift-LINEAR , 146P\/Shoemaker-LINEAR , 148P\/Anderson-LINEAR , 156P\/Russell-LINEAR , 158P\/Kowal-LINEAR , 160P\/LINEAR -LRB- LINEAR 43 -RRB- , 165P\/LINEAR -LRB- LINEAR 10 -RRB- , and 176P\/LINEAR -LRB- LINEAR 52 , 118401 LINEAR : one of only five objects classified both as comets and asteroids -RRB- .
The Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research -LRB- LINEAR -RRB- project is a cooperative project between the United States Air Force , NASA , and MIT 's Lincoln Laboratory for the systematic discovery and tracking of near-Earth asteroids .
As of 2007 , LINEAR had detected 226,193 new objects of which at least 2019 were near-Earth asteroids and 236 were comets .
All of LINEAR 's discoveries were made using robotic telescopes .
KÅ chi is famous for its many rivers .
KÅ chi Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the south coast of Shikoku .
The capital is the city of KÅ chi .
KÅ chi Prefecture comprises the southwestern part of the island of Shikoku , facing the Pacific Ocean .
Inamura-yama in Tosa-cho is the highest peak in Kochi prefecture with an altitude of 1506 meters above sea level .
The sports teams listed below are based in KÅ chi .
Prior to the Meiji Restoration , KÅ chi was known as Tosa Province .
In 1835 , S.D. Poisson further described it under the name `` La loi des grands nombres '' -LRB- `` The law of large numbers '' -RRB- .
After Bernoulli and Poisson published their efforts , other mathematicians also contributed to refinement of the law , including Chebyshev , Markov , Borel , Cantelli and Kolmogorov and Khinchin -LRB- who finally provided a complete proof of the LLN for the arbitrary random variables -RRB- .
Thereafter , it was known under both names , but the `` Law of large numbers '' is most frequently used .
One is called the `` weak '' law and the other the `` strong '' law .
It took him over 20 years to develop a sufficiently rigorous mathematical proof which was published in his Ars Conjectandi -LRB- The Art of Conjecturing -RRB- in 1713 .
He named this his `` Golden Theorem '' but it became generally known as `` Bernoulli 's Theorem '' .
However , stiles may well be difficult to use for some disabled people and people with limited mobility .
Screamers was a documentary feature film released in early 2007 .
This features the band System of a Down and depicts genocides of the past century , with a focus on the Armenian Genocide of 1915 .
Also mentioned are the Jewish Holocaust , the Rwandan Genocide , and the genocide of the Darfur region .
The film consists of a tour with SOAD interspersed with cut scenes of genocides .
Heesters has five grandchildren and eleven great-grandchildren As of 2004 .
Johan Marius Nicolaas `` Johannes '' Heesters -LRB- born 5 December 1903 -RRB- is a Dutch actor , singer and entertainer with a - year career , almost exclusively in the German-speaking world .
Breese is a city in Clinton County , Illinois , United States .
In computer science , linear search or sequential search is a method for finding a particular value in a list , that consists of checking every one of its elements , one at a time and in sequence , until the desired one is found .
Currently , Bala Prajapathi Adikalar , heir to the Payyan dynasty , is considered the leader of Ayyavazhi .
To the Ayyavazhi devotees , there are seven holy places , called Pathis , with the Pancha pathis being the most important .
Although the majority of these followers were from the Chanar cast , a large number of people from other castes also followed it .
The list of Pathis announced by the headquarters of Ayyavazhi does not include these Pathis .
After the time of Vaikundar , Ayyavazhi was spread through his teachings . The five Seedars , disciples of Vaikundar and their descendants , traveled to several parts of the country bearing the mission of Ayyavazhi .
Meanwhile , the Payyan dynasty started administrating the Swamithoppe pathi , while other Pathis came under the administration of the followers of Ayya .
By the middle of 19th century , Ayyavazhi had come to be recognized as a separate religion with deep roots in the regions of South Travancore and South Tirunelveli .
à à à à 3\/4 à à à Malayalam : à à à à à 3\/4 à à à Ayyavali , - `` Path of the father '' -RRB- is a dharmic belief system that originated in South India in the 19th century .
Mesnil-Lettre is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The river passes then through the Damaan plain in Kulachi Tehsil and later on through Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil , It then joins the Indus River 20 miles south of Dera Ismail Khan .
It is mainly here that the water of Gomal is used to cultivate the lands in Gomal Valley through Zam System -LRB- Rod Kohi -RRB- .
From South Waziristan , the river enters the Gomal Valley in district Tank , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa at a place known as Girdavi , Murtuza which is inhabited by the Miani tribe .
Within Pakistan , the Gomal river surrounds South Waziristan agency , forms the boundary between Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan .
An air door or air curtain is a device used for separating two spaces from each other , usually at the exterior entrance .
The most common configuration for air curtains is a downward-facing blower fan mounted over an opening , blowing air across the surface of the opening .
It also helps keep out outside air , reducing infiltration though the opening . They can also be used to avoid cold drafts by mixing in warm air heated by the air curtain .
The fan must be powerful enough to generate a jet of air that can reach the floor .
The hypothalamus is located below the thalamus , just above the brain stem .
Saint-Agnan-le-Malherbe is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Giuliano Tadeo Aranda -LRB- born 21 February 1974 -RRB- , known as MagrÃ # o , is a former Brazilian football player .
FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Volleyball -LRB- FIVB -RRB- is the international governing body for the sport of volleyball .
Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ù Ú Ø Ú Û Ø Ù Û Ù
Ø Ú Û Ø -RRB- is a Pakistani Urdu film which starred Neeli , Javed Sheikh , Atiqa Odho , Reema and Nadeem .
The film was released in the summer of 1995 and earned major revenue for its production studio .
It was directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and was produced by Evernew Studios .
The works included a major rebuilding of the great organ , originally built by `` Father '' Henry Willis , subsequently rebuilt by Harrison & Harrison and most recently rebuilt by Mander Organs ; The organ is now again the second largest pipe organ in the British Isles with 9,999 pipes -LRB- Liverpool Cathedral has 10,268 -RRB- .
In 1851 the Great Exhibition was held in Hyde Park , London , for which the so-called Crystal Palace was built .
DaneÅ # i is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 7,211 people .
Claudio Ranieri , -LRB- born 20 October 1951 in Rome -RRB- is an Italian football manager who has managed many well-known clubs in Europe , including Napoli , Fiorentina , Valencia , AtlÃ tico Madrid , Chelsea , Parma and Juventus .
West Berlin was surrounded by East German territory . East Germany , however , proclaimed East Berlin -LRB- which it described only as `` Berlin '' -RRB- as its capital , a move that was not recognized by the Western powers .
Fieulaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Vanosc is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Fatal 4-Way -LRB- also known as 4-Way Finale in France -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on June 20 , 2010 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale , New York .
Although Donovan had other relationships -- one of which resulted in the birth of his first two children , Donovan Leitch , Jr. , and Ione Skye Leitch -- he remained strongly drawn to Linda , and she became his muse .
Sonthonnax-la-Montagne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
All the buses that serve the station also serve Harrow on the Hill station but not all as direct services .
The next stop southbound on the Bakerloo Line is Kenton .
It is served by London Overground , London Midland , Southern and London Underground Bakerloo Line services .
Harrow & Wealdstone is a London Underground station in Wealdstone , Greater London .
Bus routes 140 -LRB- 24 hour -RRB- , 182 , 186 , 258 , 340 , H9 , H10 and night bus route N18 serve various stops beside or near the station .
In Star Fox : Assault , his voice was done by Jim Walker in the English release and by Kenji Nojima in the Japanese release .
In the English release of Star Fox 64 , he was voiced by Mike West .
In both the Japanese release of Star Fox 64 and Super Smash Bros. , Fox 's voices were done by Shinobu SatÅ chi -LRB- speaking in English with a Japanese accent for the English version -RRB- .
Melee and Star Fox Adventures , Fox 's voice was done by Rare 's Steve Malpass .
In Super Smash Bros. and its sequel , Melee , Fox appears as he did in Star Fox 64 .
For English dialogue of Super Smash Bros. .
As his name implies , he is a red fox and the main player character of the series .
He was created by Shigeru Miyamoto and designed by Takaya Imamura .
Fox McCloud is an anthropomorphic video game character and the main protagonist of the Star Fox series .
HÃ ninel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Psilalonia Square -LRB- or more formally Î Î '' Î Ï Î Î Î Î Ï Î Î '' Ï Î 1\/2 Î ` Î '' Ï Î 1\/2 Î Ï Î 1\/2 -RRB- is one of Patras 's most popular squares .
Patras -LRB- , PÃ tra , , Classical Greek and Katharevousa : Î Î Ï Ï Î Î , PÃ trai -LRB- plural -RRB- , -LRB- plural -RRB- -RRB- is Greece 's third largest urban area and the regional capital of West Greece , located in northern Peloponnese , 215 kilometers west of Athens .
Flavoured syrups are made by adding flavoring matter to a simple syrup .
Diane Julie Abbott -LRB- born 27 September 1953 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Hackney North and Stoke Newington since 1987 , when she became the first black woman to be elected to the House of Commons .
Five classical groups of opsins are involved in vision , mediating the conversion of a photon of light into an electrochemical signal , the first step in the visual transduction cascade .
Another opsin found in the mammalian retina , melanopsin , is involved in circadian rhythms and pupillary reflex but not in image-forming .
The first single off the album , `` Soldiers , '' is dedicated to all the men and women of the United States Army .
It is their first release with former Soil singer Ryan McCombs , who joined the band after the departure of Jason ` Gong ' Jones in 2005 .
This album has more of a post-grunge sound compared to the last two releases by the band and is less heavy as well .
It was released on August 7 , 2007 .
Full Circle is the third album from hard rock band Drowning Pool .
Bod is a commune in Romania in BraÅ ov County with 4085 inhabitants -LRB- 1966 census -RRB- .
Rodman is a city in Palo Alto County , Iowa , United States .
Panzini worked as a secondary school teacher before becoming a writer .
Born in Senigallia , Panzini was a student of GiosuÃ Carducci at the University of Bologna .
Sermoise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Brandon David Reed -LRB- born March 22 , 1987 -RRB- is an American football wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
He was drafted by the Ravens in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft . He played college football at Utah .
John Gould -LRB- 14 September 1804 â `` 3 February 1881 -RRB- was an English ornithologist and bird artist .
The Gould League in Australia was named after him .
His identification of the birds now nicknamed `` Darwin 's finches '' played a role in the inception of Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection .
Gould 's work is referenced in Charles Darwin 's book , On the Origin of Species .
Templates are categorised into countries within the : Category : Football squad templates .
This can be used instead of the lastplayer template , if the inclusion of a club manager is desired .
is designed to be used within squad list templates -LRB- typically placed at the bottom of a player page -RRB- in order to make editing and standardisation easier .
Use to define the team name and colors , to add the name and number of every player and to add the last player in the squad and close the template .
You need to use three templates to create a squad list using this template : , and .
It is important to use and either side of the categories so that they are not seen on the template .
For an example of the template in use see Template : Everton F.C. squad .
If you want to use this template first set up a new template for your squad , typically called something like Template : -LRB- team name -RRB- squad .
Julius Robert Oppenheimer -LRB- April 22 , 1904 â `` February 18 , 1967 -RRB- was an American theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the University of California , Berkeley .
He is often called the `` father of the atomic bomb '' for his role as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project , the World War II project that developed the first nuclear weapons .
The name is Celtic for `` burnt land . ''
Cornas is a commune in the dÃ partement of ArdÃ che in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
Belleview is located at .
The concept of the Linux mascot being a penguin came from Linus Torvalds , the creator of Linux .
He has been featured in open-source look-alikes of other mainstream games , such as Tux Racer , Extreme Tux Racer , Tux Math Scrabble , TuxWordSmith Tux Math , SuperTux , Super Tux Kart , and Tux Paint . As such , several computer games , mostly free and open source and\/or for Linux , have starred Tux , including :
However , tux is also an abbreviation of tuxedo , the outfit which springs to mind when one sees a penguin .
Originally created as an entry to a Linux logo competition , Tux is the most commonly used icon for Linux , although different Linux distributions depict Tux in various styles .
Tux is a penguin character and the official mascot of the Linux kernel .
In a parliamentary system , the head of government is often styled Prime Minister , President of the Government , Premier , etc. . In presidential republics or absolute monarchies , the head of government may be the same person as the head of state , who is often called respectively a president or a monarch .
In some models the head of state and head of government are one and the same .
Full-Reuenthal is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Morlanwelz is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
During the war , Buckles served in England and France , driving ambulances and motorcycles for the Army 's 1st Fort Riley Casual Detachment .
Later that year , he embarked for Europe aboard the RMS Carpathia , which was being used as a troop ship . While on board Carpathia , Buckles spoke with crew members who had taken part in the rescue of RMS Titanic survivors five years previously .
He was freed by Allied forces on February 23 , 1945 .
He was captured there by the Japanese in 1942 and spent the next three and a half years in the Los BaÃ os prison camp .
With a weight below 100 pounds , Buckles developed beriberi , yet led his fellow prisoners in calisthenics .
By 1942 , Buckles had worked for the White Star , American President , and W.R. Grace shipping companies , and shipping business took him to Manila in the Philippines .
Following his honorable discharge in November 1919 , he attended the dedication of the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City , Missouri , in honor of the Americans who died in World War I , and met General John Pershing , the commander of all United States Army forces in France during the war .
Joacim Cans -LRB- born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden -RRB- is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
One possible reason for this distinct biological feature may be formation of strong emotional bonds between sexual partners important for social interactions and , in the case of humans , long-term partnership rather than immediate sexual reproduction .
However , bonobos , dolphins , and chimpanzees are known to engage in sexual intercourse even when the female is not in estrus , and to engage in sex acts with same-sex partners .
Sexual intercourse , also known as copulation or coitus , commonly refers to the act in which the male reproductive organ enters the female reproductive tract .
Sex reinforces intimate social bonds between individuals to form larger social structures .
Humans , bonobos and dolphins are all intelligent social animals , whose cooperative behavior proves far more successful than that of any individual alone .
There are a variety of safe sex practices , including non-penetrative sex acts , and some heterosexual couples use oral sex or anal sex -LRB- or both -RRB- as a means of contraception .
The two entities may be of opposite sexes , or they may be hermaphroditic , as is the case with snails .
Like humans engaging in sex primarily for pleasure , this behavior in the above mentioned animals is also presumed to be for pleasure , and a contributing factor to strengthening their social bonds .
In humans and bonobos , the female undergoes relatively concealed ovulation so that both male and female partners commonly do not know whether she is fertile at any given moment .
In these animals , the use of sex has evolved beyond reproduction , to apparently serve additional social functions .
Mating is the term most often used to refer to sexual intercourse between animals other than humans ; for most , mating occurs at the point of estrus -LRB- the most fertile period of time in the female 's reproductive cycle -RRB- , which increases the chances of successful impregnation .
where T is a triangular number .
Francesco Morini -LRB- born 12 August 1944 in San Giuliano Terme -RRB- is a retired Italian football player .
MÃ rcio Rodrigues AraÃ jo or simply MÃ rcio AraÃ jo -LRB- born June 11 , 1984 in SÃ # o LuÃ s -RRB- , is a Brazilian center midfielder .
He currently plays for Palmeiras .
Francisco GÃ mez de Quevedo y SantibÃ Ã ez Villegas -LRB- Madrid , 14 September 1580 â `` Villanueva de los Infantes , 8 September 1645 -RRB- was a nobleman , politician and writer of the Baroque era .
Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 romantic drama film based on Ben Sherwood 's best-selling novel , The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud published in 2004 by Bantam Books .
The Voyager series is a group of express diesel electric multiple unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation for service on the UK railway network .
The other cowbird species have fewer known hosts , but all the species are generalists when it comes to choosing a host .
This means that the eggs may look different from the hosts ' eggs .
In order for the birds to remain mobile and stay with the herd , they have adapted by laying their eggs in other birds ' nests . The cowbird will watch for when its host lays eggs , and when the nest is left unattended , the female will come in and lay its own eggs .
Cowbirds are birds belonging to the genus Molothrus in the family Icteridae .
The Brown-headed Cowbird has over 220 hosts .
The Treasurer is generally the head of the Treasury , although , in some countries -LRB- such as the U.S. or the UK -RRB- the treasurer reports to a Secretary of the Treasury , or Chancellor of the Exchequer .
Some people refer to all old German handwriting scripts as SÃ 1\/4 tterlin , although variants of the Kurrent script were in use centuries before graphic artist Ludwig SÃ 1\/4 tterlin -LRB- 1865 â `` 1917 -RRB- was born .
SÃ 1\/4 tterlin was taught in some German schools until the 1970s , but no longer as the primary script .
SÃ 1\/4 tterlinschrift -LRB- SÃ 1\/4 tterlin script -RRB- , or SÃ 1\/4 tterlin for short , is the last widely used form of the old German blackletter handwriting -LRB- Deutsche Kurrentschrift -RRB- .
Its county seat is Tahlequah .
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population was 42,521 .
Christian Schwegler -LRB- born 6 June 1984 in Ettiswil -RRB- is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as Midfield for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Mauro Esposito -LRB- born 13 June 1979 in Torre del Greco , Campania -RRB- is an Italian footballer who plays for Atletico Roma FC , mainly as a right winger .
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In the aftermath of World War I , Lithuania 's Act of Independence was signed on 16 February 1918 , declaring the re-establishment of a sovereign state .
Lithuania is a member of NATO , the Council of Europe , and the European Union .
In September 2006 , emergency contraception expert Anna Glasier wrote a BMJ editorial entitled `` Emergency Contraception .
The current -LRB- December 2005 -RRB- ACOG Practice Bulletin on Emergency Contraception states : `` A prominent concern among both women and health care providers is that making emergency contraception more readily available could encourage irresponsible sexual behavior , which would increase the risks of both unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases .
Emergency contraception -LRB- EC -RRB- , or emergency postcoital contraception , refers to birth control measures that , if taken after sexual intercourse , may prevent pregnancy .
A Massachusetts law that went into effect on 14 December 2005 requires all hospitals in the state to provide emergency contraception to any `` female rape victim of childbearing age '' including Catholic Hospitals who oppose the provision of emergency contraception . In a letter criticizing the joint UN\/WHO Inter-agency Field Manual on Reproductive Health in Refugee Situations , the Catholic Church explains its belief that emergency contraception , along with IUDs and hormonal contraception , can not be considered `` solely contraceptive because in the case of effective fertilization a chemical abortion would be carried out during the first days of pregnancy . ''
Rajshahi District is a district in north-western Bangladesh .
Asada was not sent to the 2005 World Championships because she was not old enough . At the Junior World Championships , she won with a 20.31 lead over the silver medalist Kim Yu-Na .
At the age of 14 , Asada landed a triple axel in her free skating program at the 2004 Junior Grand Prix Final , held in December 2004 at Helsinki , Finland , becoming the first junior girl to do one in an international event . She has since been known for her triple axel jumps .
She competed in the ISU Junior Grand Prix , which is the Junior complement to the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating .
Having won everything on the Junior level , Asada moved to the senior level for the 2005 â `` 2006 season and competed on the Grand Prix circuit . This choice was made knowing that Asada would not be eligible to compete at the 2006 Winter Olympics , because the age standards for the Olympic and ISU championship competitions were different from those for the Grand Prix .
During her first two years on the international scene , Asada became known for her signature move , the cross-grab Biellmann position . She is also noted for performing the one-handed Biellmann spin in competition .
Mao Asada is a Japanese figure skater .
Wesleyan through the years , Wesleyan University -RRB- , entry for 1888 .
Given that concern , Wesleyan ceased to admit women , and from 1912 to 1970 Wesleyan operated again as an all-male college .
In 1872 , the University became one of the first U.S. colleges to attempt coeducation by allowing a small number of female students to attend , a venture then known as the `` Wesleyan Experiment '' .
Wesleyan , along with Amherst and Williams Colleges , is a member of the historic Little Three colleges and has long been known as one of the Little Ivies .
Wesleyan was founded as an all-male Methodist college in 1831 .
Yukio Tsuchiya is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokyo Verdy .
In 2002 , the government cabinet decided that `` in order to make maximum use of daylight and to save energy '' , they would adopt the daylight saving time -LRB- DST -RRB- system .
Pakistan Time -LRB- PKT -RRB- is the time zone for Pakistan . It is 5 hours ahead of GMT\/UTC -LRB- UTC +05:00 -RRB- .
Stowmarket is a small market town situated in Suffolk , England , on the busy A14 trunk road between Bury St Edmunds to the west and Ipswich to the southeast .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Boogie-woogie is a style of piano-based blues that became very popular in the late 1930s and early 1940s , but originated much earlier , and was extended from piano , to three pianos at once , guitar , big band , and country and western music , and even gospel .
Whilst the blues traditionally depicts a variety of emotions , boogie-woogie is mainly associated with dancing . It 's believed boogie-woogie gave birth to the earliest versions of uptempo music .
The county seat is Concord , which was incorporated in 1803 .
UNC Charlotte , although in Mecklenburg County , is actually located near Harrisburg and is easily accessible to Cabarrus residents via Interstate 85 .
The county was formed on December 29 , 1792 from Mecklenburg County .
Cabarrus County is a county located in the south-central part of the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The county is also home to Barber-Scotia College , the Cabarrus College of Health Sciences -LRB- a four year college -RRB- , and a branch of Rowan-Cabarrus Community College .
As of 2000 , the population was 131,063 .
-LRB- translated as Nosferatu : A Symphony of Horror ; also known as Nosferatu : A Symphony of Terror or simply Nosferatu -RRB- is a German Expressionist horror film , directed by F. W. Murnau , starring Max Schreck as the vampire Count Orlok . The film , shot in 1921 and released in 1922 , was an unauthorized adaptation of Bram Stoker 's Dracula , with names and other details changed because the studio could not obtain the rights to the novel -LRB- for instance , `` vampire '' became `` Nosferatu '' and `` Count Dracula '' became `` Count Orlok '' -RRB- .
It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde , about 6 km south of Zwickau .
Wilkau-Ha Ã lau is a town in the Zwickau district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons , cranes fly with necks outstretched , not pulled back .
Cranes are a family , Gruidae , of large , long-legged and long-necked birds in the order Gruiformes .
Frigg 's attendants are HlÃ n , GnÃ , and Fulla .
Frigg is the highest goddess of the Ã sir , while Freyja is the highest goddess of the Vanir .
Frigg 's companion is Eir , a goddess associated with medical skills .
In May 2010 it was announced that Reid had been made a life peer in the dissolution honors after the 2010 Election .
After boundary changes , he was returned at the 1997 election for the new constituency of Hamilton North and Bellshill ; and after further boundary changes in 2005 , he was returned at the 2005 election for the new constituency of Airdrie and Shotts with 59 % of the vote .
Since 2008 , Reid has been Chairman of Scottish Premier League football club Celtic .
He entered parliament at the 1987 general election as MP for the Motherwell North constituency .
Its formal name honors Aderbal Ramos da Silva , who was president of the Santa Catarina Football Federation and was also governor of the state .
On May 31 , 1986 , the stadium lights were inaugurated .
The first goal of the stadium was scored by Vasco da Gama 's Wilson Tadei .
The stadium is owned by AvaÃ .
The inaugural match was played on November 15 , 1983 , when Vasco da Gama beat AvaÃ 6-1 .
Several matches of the Brazilian football team , as well as the Brazilian football Olympic team were played at Ressacada stadium .
The stadium 's attendance record currently stands at 19,000 , set on July 17 , 1988 when AvaÃ beat Blumenau 2-0 , for the Campeonato Catarinense final .
The EstÃ dio Aderbal Ramos da Silva , usually called EstÃ dio da Ressacada or just Ressacada , is a football stadium inaugurated on November 15 , 1983 in Carianos neighborhood , FlorianÃ polis , Santa Catarina , with a maximum capacity of approximately 19,000 people .
In 1982 , to replace the old EstÃ dio Adolfo Konder , AvaÃ bought a groundplot close to the city 's airport -LRB- HercÃ lio Luz International Airport -RRB- .
This stadium should not be confused with Blumenau 's stadium , which is also called EstÃ dio Aderbal Ramos da Silva , however it is nicknamed DEBA , and has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people .
The construction works were led by Cairo Bueno , and the stadium was designed by the architect Davi Ferreira Lima .
Towns in the county of Hertfordshire in southern England .
PÃ rna is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
He bats and throws right-handed .
Julio Cesar Lugo -LRB- born on November 16 , 1975 , in Barahona , Dominican Republic -RRB- is a major league shortstop , who is currently a free agent .
Lugo is the older brother of baseball pitcher Ruddy Lugo .
He has also conducted many of the world 's greatest orchestras , including the Berlin Philharmonic , the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra , the Boston Symphony Orchestra , the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , the Cleveland Orchestra , the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra , and the London Symphony Orchestra .
He studied conducting with his father at the Moscow Conservatory and piano with Lev Oborin .
In 1969 he married the pianist Viktoria Postnikova .
Already known for having conducted Tchaikovsky 's The Nutcracker ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre at the age of 20 , he quickly established his reputation .
BeurnevÃ sin is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
UNICEF Innocenti Research Centre in Florence , Italy , was established in 1988 to strengthen the research capability of the United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- and to support its advocacy for children worldwide .
United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- or UNICEF ; -RRB- was created by the United Nations General Assembly on December 11 , 1946 , to provide emergency food and healthcare to children in countries that had been devastated by World War II .
In 1953 , UNICEF became a permanent part of the United Nations System and its name was shortened from the original United Nations International Children 's Emergency Fund but it has continued to be known by the popular acronym based on this old name .
UNICEF is present in 190 countries and territories around the world .
Oakland is a city in Coles County , Illinois , United States .
Although ice hockey is Canada 's most popular sport , the CFL has increased the popularity of Canadian football in Quebec and Western Canada .
The Canadian Football League or CFL -LRB- ' -LRB- LCF -RRB- in French -RRB- is a professional sports league located in Canada .
He is a forward and currently plays for J. League side Shimizu S-Pulse .
Yuichiro Nagai is a Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
In 1971 , Busey 's wife Judy Helkenberg gave birth to their son , William Jacob Busey , now known as actor Jake Busey . Busey and Judy divorced when Jake was nineteen .
The Daily Show , known in its current incarnation as The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , is an American late night satirical television program airing each Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central in the United States .
Jon Stewart took over as host in January 1999 , bringing a number of changes to the show 's content .
Under Stewart , The Daily Show has become more strongly focused on politics and the national media , in contrast with the more pop culture focus during Kilborn 's tenure .
The half-hour long show premiered on July 21 , 1996 , and was hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 1998 .
PAS Hamedan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Hamedan , Iran .
The first Principal was Osvaldo Castillo , who contracted normalist teachers , and almost all of them had worked in the Pedro Aguirre High School .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz .
Shortly after that , it was designed the logo and a standard ; both included palm trees , characteristical in the city .
On August 2 , 1963 , by decree 11.608 , was created the Men 's High School of Santa Cruz , after a proposal by the Rotary Club of the city and the Governor of the Department of Santa Cruz , Carlos Cardoen .
This latter enthused Adriano DÃ az , who donated a terrain where the High School was going to be constructed .
The students of the High School appeared for the first time openly on May 21 , 1964 .
The High School started working since March 1 , 1964 in an old house in the street NicolÃ s Palacios , with at least 170 students , distributed between 4 classes .
Many of these students already had approved their first or second grade in Humanities in the Pedro Aguirre Cerda High School , but it was not recognized officially and worked with a group of teachers freely .
However , a Sport Complex was constructed there instead .
The anthem of the High School was composed by RaÃ l Benavides .
according to his official website , he was born on August 22 , 1917 .
Hooker recorded several songs with Van Morrison , including `` Never Get Out of These Blues Alive '' , `` The Healing Game '' and `` I Cover the Waterfront '' .
In 1989 , he joined with a number of musicians , including Carlos Santana and Bonnie Raitt to record The Healer , for which he and Santana won a Grammy Award .
His death on August 9 , 2008 was caused by complications from pneumonia .
Bernard Jeffrey McCullough -LRB- October 5 , 1957 -- August 9 , 2008 -RRB- , better known by his stage name , Bernie Mac , was an American actor and comedian .
More recently , the Penguin Dictionary of Psychology defines hate as a `` deep , enduring , intense emotion expressing animosity , anger , and hostility towards a person , group , or object . ''
The lake 's surface area is 0.16 kmÂ .
Garichtisee is a reservoir on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus , Switzerland .
Back to the Future is a 1985 American science-fiction comedy film .
It was directed by Robert Zemeckis , written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale , produced by Steven Spielberg , and starred Michael J. Fox , Christopher Lloyd , Lea Thompson , Crispin Glover and Thomas F. Wilson .
Marty convinces Doc that he is from the future and asks for help returning to 1985 .
As George is about to be hit by Lorraine 's father 's car , Marty pushes him out of the way and takes the impact . As a result , a teenage Lorraine becomes infatuated with Marty instead of George .
He currently plays for J. League side Gamba Osaka .
Akira Kaji -LRB- born January 13 , 1980 in Minamiawaji , HyÅ go -RRB- is a Japanese professional football player .
Brissay-Choigny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Andre Luis Neitzke , or simply Andre -LRB- born November 24 , 1986 in ParanÃ -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder .
Linda Ronstadt -LRB- born July 15 , 1946 -RRB- is an American popular music recording artist .
His son FlÃ riÃ n Albert Jr. was also football player with FerencvÃ ros and played for the Hungarian national team , as well .
Kos has one of the four cathedrals in the entire Dodecanese . There is also a Roman Catholic Church on the island as well as a Mosque catering to the Muslim community of Kos .
Vivaise is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He was drafted as the 15th overall pick -LRB- 1st round -RRB- of the 1994 NFL Draft by the L.A. Rams .
For the 2007 season , Gandy was named as one of the Falcons ' team captains .
On February 15 , 2008 the Falcons released him .
After three seasons with the Saints , he was traded to the Atlanta Falcons on April 7 , 2006 for safety Bryan Scott and a draft pick .
Gandy spent four seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1999 to 2002 .
He was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams 15th overall in the 1994 NFL Draft .
Gandy has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and New Orleans Saints .
Gandy spent five seasons with the Rams .
On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans , Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee , causing him to miss the remainder of the season .
Wayne Gandy -LRB- born February 10 , 1971 in Haines City , Florida -RRB- is an American football offensive tackle for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League .
He played college football at Auburn .
He was re-signed on October 29 after an injury to offensive tackle Sam Baker .
On March 2 , 2003 , Gandy signed a six-year deal with New Orleans Saints .
He played college football at Auburn University , where he was a member of Auburn 's undefeated 1993 team and was an All-American that same season .
Lens manufacturers such as ARRI Media , ISCO Precision Optics , Schneider , Carl Zeiss AG , Canon and others still make variable focal length cine and video lenses regularly catalogued as variable prime lenses . A variable prime is sometimes distinguished from a `` true zoom '' in that the latter maintains focus as the focal length is varied .
In film and photography , a prime lens is either a photographic lens whose focal length is fixed , as opposed to a zoom lens , or it is the primary lens in a combination lens system .
MazÃ res is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Lewis structures -LRB- also known as Lewis dot diagrams , electron dot diagrams , and electron dot structures -RRB- are diagrams that show the bonding between atoms of a molecule and the lone pairs of electrons that may exist in the molecule .
Kentaro Hayashi -LRB- born August 29 , 1972 in Machida , Tokyo , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
Echinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Auregnais , Aoeur ` gnaeux or Aurignais was the Norman dialect of the Channel Island of Alderney -LRB- French : Aurigny , Auregnais : Aoeur ` gny\/Auregny -RRB- .
Each row is added by '' - '' plus a line of column text -LRB- using the double-bar '' '' to separate columns on one line -RRB- :
While an infobox can provide a condensed summary of related data , it can oversimplify the connections , such as when a territory changes boundaries but is treated as being exactly the same place .
Colors could also be dark brown -LRB- # CC6622 -RRB- with '' '' .
Colors could also be beige -LRB- # DDDDBB -RRB- .
Also , notice setting the background-color as gray\/grey by use of the HTML CSS custom style directive -LRB- style = `` background : # DDDDDD '' -RRB- placed before the `` Notebox : '' text .
That viewpoint can focus the choice of wording , and the amount of complexity , to be used when developing infoboxes .
It is always important to think outside the infobox , as to the effect it has outside the English Wikipedia , in the many other-language Wikipedia articles .
It is very easy to code a small infobox outside , and below , as an extension of a formal template-infobox .
The use of infoboxes in Wikipedia articles has both advantages and disadvantages .
Users should learn how to create infoboxes , on the fly , and learn how to spot\/correct problems in infobox format .
Note that the first line of text must begin with the vertical-bar -LRB- '' '' -RRB- , although it can be indented as a bar further along the line .
Also , if the infobox is of limited scope , there is no need to expand pages by adding a separate infobox page , infobox-talk , and infobox-history pages .
Some infoboxes should be coded inside an article .
Generally , a separate Wikipedia template page is created to store the layout of an infobox .
The phrase `` Thinking outside the -LRB- info -RRB- box '' has many possible implications , as with the underlying phrase .
Colors could also be dark tan -LRB- # DD9922 -RRB- .
If a standardized infobox-template does not contain enough data fields , just create a follow-on infobox after the template -LRB- using the coding method as shown above -RRB- .
Notice that the title `` I am ... '' will not be centered , unless the 2 columns are spanned -LRB- by using the column prefix '' colspan = 2 align = center '' enclosed in vertical-bars -RRB- .
Colors could also be tan -LRB- # DDAA22 -RRB- .
However , there are other issues to consider :
Rather than fear the coding of infobox details , more writers should learn how infoboxes are coded , to more easily expand , or correct , the details of various infoboxes .
Colors could also be ochre -LRB- # DDDD11 -RRB- .
The width can be set , width = 200px .
However , do n't overuse infoboxes , when the details are better explained outside the infobox , in the article text .
General reminders :
However , when first creating a new infobox , it might be preferable to keep the infobox as hard-coded within the same article , to allow changing the infobox along with the article text for quick edit-preview .
For any item too wide , or too wordy , to fit in a standard infobox , just place '' -LRB- see notebox below -RRB- '' as the connection to the custom-coded notebox infobox .
Colors could also be brown -LRB- # DD7722 -RRB- .
Also , the structure of an infobox has implications , outside the English Wikipedia , for the other-language Wikipedias .
It is not necessary to code every infobox into a separate template page , outside the article .
William Henry Cavendish-Bentinck , 3rd Duke of Portland , KG , PC -LRB- 14 April 1738 â `` 30 October 1809 -RRB- was a British Whig and Tory statesman , Chancellor of the University of Oxford and Prime Minister .
Aalten is a municipality and a village in the eastern Netherlands .
Aalten , Barlo , Bredevoort , Dale , Dinxperlo , Haart , De Heurne , Heurne , IJzerlo , ' t Klooster and Lintelo .
The former municipalities of Bredevoort -LRB- 1818 -RRB- and Dinxperlo -LRB- 2005 -RRB- have been merged with Aalten .
Celles-sur-Ource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Pierlas is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Maisons is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
MÃ rcio Amoroso dos Santos -LRB- born 5 July 1974 in BrasÃ lia -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer .
Saint-Aubin-d ` Arquenay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Burnside is a residential district in the Scottish town of Rutherglen in South Lanarkshire , Greater Glasgow .
It is a relatively quiet location , and borders with Cambuslang , Wardlawhill , Blairbeth , Clincarthill , High Crosshill , Stonelaw , Fernhill and Springhall .
Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits -LRB- sometimes named Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen or Popeyes Chicken & Seafood ; often referred to as just Popeyes -RRB- is a chain of fried chicken fast food restaurants , owned since 1993 by the Sandy Springs , Georgia-based AFC Enterprises , which was originally America 's Favorite Chicken Company .
TouÃ `` t-sur-Var is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The British Rail Class 165 Turbo is a fleet of suburban diesel multiple units -LRB- DMUs -RRB- , originally specified by and built for British Rail , the then United Kingdom state owned railway operator . They were built by BREL at York Works between 1990 and 1992 .
An express version was subsequently built in the form of the Class 166 Turbo Express trains .
He has played for the Japan national team .
Satoshi Yamaguchi -LRB- born August 1 , 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Aaron Dontez Yates -LRB- born November 8 , 1971 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Tech N9ne -LRB- pronounced `` Tech Nine '' -RRB- , is an American rapper from Kansas City , Missouri .
`` Love in This Club Part II '' is a song recorded by American R&B singer Usher , and features fellow R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles and rapper Lil Wayne . `` Love in This Club Part II '' was released by LaFace Records on April 28 , 2008 , as the second single from Usher 's fifth studio album , Here I Stand .
Modern Angeln , also known as Anglia -LRB- German : Angeln , Danish : Angel , Latin : Anglia -RRB- , is a small peninsula -LRB- within the larger Jutland peninsula -RRB- in Southern Schleswig in the northern Schleswig-Holstein , Germany , protruding into the Bay of Kiel .
Whether ancient Angeln conformed to these borders is uncertain . It may have been somewhat larger ; however , the ancient sources mainly concur that it included the territory of modern Angeln .
EasyBCD can be used to set up dual-boots between Windows Vista\/7 and previous versions of Windows , along with Linux , BSD , and Mac OS X.
EasyBCD is a free program developed by the non-profit NeoSmart Technologies used to configure and tweak the Windows bootloader .
The first records of a settlement can be dated back to the 12th century .
Situated on the banks of the Eyrieux river -LRB- a tributary to the RhÃ ne river -RRB- , Les OlliÃ res -LRB- as it is often shortened to by the local people -RRB- became a central location for the treatment and processing of silk in the early 18th century .
Although some tourists have started to renovate old cottages and set up permanent or holiday homes in the area .
For the people of Les OlliÃ res a daily bus service runs to Valence and Privas .
The village has now become a tourist location , attracting many Dutch , German , Swiss and English tourists to its many camp sites during the summer months .
The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut .
Les OlliÃ res-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The introduction of an occasional cinema also provides entertainment for people of the village and the neighbouring villages .
Sargon is the Biblical form of the name .
In his inscriptions , he styles himself as a new man , rarely referring to his predecessors ; however he took the name Sharru-kinu -LRB- `` true king '' -RRB- , after Sargon of Akkad â '' who had founded the first Semitic Empire in the region some 16 centuries earlier .
Sargon II -LRB- Akkadian Å arru-k Ã n `` legitimate king '' , reigned 722 â `` 705 BC -RRB- was an Assyrian king .
Sargon II became co-regent with Shalmaneser V in 722 BC , and became the sole ruler of the kingdom of Assyria in 722 BC after the death of Shalmaneser V. It is not clear whether he was the son of Tiglath-Pileser III or a usurper unrelated to the royal family .
Saucats is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Yusuke Igawa is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kawasaki Frontale in the J. League Division 1 .
So , in once sense whatever we see around is all Brahman .
Everything other than Brahman form the Sarira -LRB- body -RRB- of Brahman .
Hainault is a London Underground station on the Central Line in Hainault in the London Borough of Redbridge .
Since 2 January 2007 the station is in Travelcard Zone 4 .
Pinnipeds -LRB- from Latin pinna , wing or fin , and ped - , foot -RRB- or fin-footed mammals are a widely distributed and diverse group of semiaquatic marine mammals comprising the families Odobenidae -LRB- the walrus -RRB- , Otariidae -LRB- eared seals , including sea lions and fur seals -RRB- , and Phocidae -LRB- earless seals -RRB- .
A descending string passage represents the subsequent retreat of the French forces , followed by victory bells and a triumphant repetition of God Preserve Thy People as Moscow burns to deny winter quarters to the French .
was the Russian national anthem in Tchaikovsky 's time , it was not the anthem in 1812 .
This passage includes a Russian folk dance , At the Gate , at my Gate .
Although God Save the Tsar !
A musical chase scene appears , out of which emerges the anthem God Save the Tsar !
The overture utilizes counterpoint to reinforce the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song .
There was no official Russian anthem until 1815 , from which time until 1833 the anthem was Molitva russkikh , Prayer of the Russians , sung to the tune of God Save the King .
, Ð Ð '' Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ , Ñ Ð '' Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ , Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ !
Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture .
Beginning with the plaintive Slavic Orthodox Troparion of the Holy Cross played by eight cellos and four violas , the piece moves through a mixture of pastoral and martial themes portraying the increasing distress of the Russian people at the hands of the invading French .
John Ellis `` Jeb '' Bush -LRB- born February 11 , 1953 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the 43rd Governor of Florida from 1999 to 2007 .
He is a prominent member of the Bush family : the younger brother of former President George W. Bush ; the older brother of Neil Bush , Marvin Bush and Dorothy Bush Koch ; and the second son of former President George H. W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush .
Adolph Frederick Rupp -LRB- September 2 , 1901 -- December 10 , 1977 -RRB- was one of the most successful coaches in the history of American college basketball .
MartÃ n Palermo -LRB- born November 7 , 1973 in La Plata -RRB- is an Argentine professional footballer currently playing for Boca Juniors of Argentina , and the Argentina national team .
A campus is traditionally the land on which a college or university and related institutional buildings are situated .
Usually a campus includes libraries , lecture halls , residence halls and park-like settings .
The Panama national football team is the national team of Panama and is controlled by the FederaciÃ n PanameÃ a de FÃ tbol .
Notre-Dame-de-Monts is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Matthew Thomas Connolly -LRB- born 24 September 1987 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers as a defender .
Mount Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok .
`` confluence '' -RRB- and means the joining of two rivers .
The name Koblenz originates from the Latin `` confluentiae '' -LRB- = Eng .
There are several places named Koblenz :
Ondefontaine is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He is currently playing for Panathinaikos and is a member of the Greek national football team .
Georgios `` Giourkas '' Seitaridis -LRB- born 4 June 1981 -RRB- is a Greek footballer who plays as a defender .
Living in these aggregations are over a hundred different species of animals , many of which are found only at these seeps .
It forms biogenic habitat by creating large aggregations of hundreds to thousands of individuals .
He had 511 direct collaborators ; these are the people with ErdÅ ` s number 1 .
Paul ErdÅ ` s has an ErdÅ ` s number of zero .
Also , Michael Barr suggests `` rational ErdÅ ` s numbers '' , generalizing the idea that a person who has written p joint papers with ErdÅ ` s should be assigned ErdÅ ` s number 1\/p .
ErdÅ ` s numbers have been a part of the folklore of mathematicians throughout the world for many years . Amongst all working mathematicians at the turn of the millennium who have a finite ErdÅ ` s number , the numbers range up to 15 , the median is 5 , and the mean ErdÅ ` s number is 4.65 ; almost everyone with a finite ErdÅ ` s number has a number less than 8 .
Tiananmen Square -LRB- Manchu : abkai elhe obure duka ; , -RRB- is a large city square in the center of Beijing , China , named after the Tiananmen Gate -LRB- literally , Gate of Heaven 's Pacification -RRB- located to its north , separating it from the Forbidden City .
After the official palace was moved to the rebuilt Changdeokgung in 1618 , it was used as an auxiliary palace for 270 years and was renamed Seogung -LRB- West Palace -RRB- .
King Seonjo was the first Joseon king to reside at the palace . King Gwanghaegun was crowned in this palace in 1608 , and renamed it Gyeongun-gung -LRB- ê 1\/2 ì ê , æ
Carlos Austin Boozer , Jr. -LRB- born November 20 , 1981 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player with the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association .
The Tibetan red deer -LRB- Cervus canadensis wallichi -RRB- also known as shou is a subspecies of Wapiti that is native to the southern Tibetan highlands and Bhutan .
Pieter Cornelis `` Piet '' Mondriaan , after 1912 Mondrian -LRB- , later ; March 7 , 1872 â `` February 1 , 1944 -RRB- , was a Dutch painter .
Moulis-en-M Ã doc is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Jan Johannes Vennegoor of Hesselink -LRB- ; born 7 November 1978 -RRB- is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Rapid Wien .
The outcome for coma and vegetative state depends on the cause , location , severity and extent of neurological damage . A deeper coma alone does not necessarily mean a slimmer chance of recovery , because some people in deep coma recover well while others in a so-called milder coma sometimes fail to improve .
Mont-Saint-P Ã re is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The system comprises 14 state-owned schools , all of which are NCAA Division II members by virtue of being members of the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference .
Act 188 , which was signed into law on November 12 , 1982 and came into effect on July 1 , 1983 , established the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education , and converted those state colleges into universities .
The Office of the Chancellor is situated in the capital city of Harrisburg at the Dixon University Center .
PASSHE universities also operate four branch campuses .
Its passage created 12 normal school districts in the state in which to establish private corporations answerable to the State Superintendent of Common Schools .
It is the tenth-largest university system in the United States and 43rd largest in the world .
The normal schools evolved from state normal schools , to state teacher 's colleges , to state colleges .
Afterward , the School Code of 1911 mandated that the Commonwealth purchase all the normal schools .
The Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education -LRB- PASSHE -RRB- is the largest provider of higher education in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and a large public university system in the United States .
The Normal School Act of 1857 was passed on the last day of session on 20 May 1857 .
Though geographers are historically known as people who make maps , map making is actually the field of study of cartography , a subset of geography .
Geographers study not only the physical details of the environment but also its effects on human and wildlife ecologies , weather and climate patterns , economics , and culture .
A geographer is a scientist whose area of study is geography , the study of Earth 's physical environment and human habitat .
Luiz InÃ cio Lula da Silva -LRB- ; born 27 October 1945 , but registered with a date of birth of 6 October 1945 -RRB- , known popularly as Lula , served as the 35th President of Brazil from 2003 to 2011 .
The Van Brode Milling Company subsequently registered SPORK for a combination plastic spoon , fork and knife at the USPTO on October 27 , 1970 , but abandoned the registration several years later .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit was one of the few Game Boy Advance titles to use the Link It Up ! mode of the Game Boy Advance .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit , known in Japan as Mario Kart Advance , is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance in 2001 .
All three parks had the intended effect of spurring residential development near them .
Shawnee Park is a municipal park in Louisville , Kentucky .
The one-way distance between the Belvedere and Shawnee Park is 6.2 m.
Louisville 's Riverwalk Trail , which passes through Shawnee Park , extends across Louisville 's waterfront , which is an extensive , mostly flat pedestrian pathway .
The Great Lawn , the principal feature of the park , is enclosed by plantings and a circular drive that is lined with trees .
All three were located on the geographic edges of the city , in Shawnee 's case it was the western edge bordering the Ohio River .
Dozens of subdivisions were built near Shawnee Park , and the neighborhood itself came to be called Shawnee .
River Park Drive was paved in 1899 , but the Broadway entrance remained unfinished until 1914 .
The land at the time was still mostly used for truck farms , but it was clear residential development was imminent even without the park .
The interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .
The only sizable park blacks were allowed access to was nearby Chickasaw Park , which many people entered by traveling through Shawnee .
It was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted , who designed 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
The city had to condemn the properties to acquire the land for park , and won its case in 1895 .
In 1896 , the city began to create access to the park , another area in which Shawnee was lagging behind the other two parks .
Shawnee was the slowest of the parks to develop , as much of the land was already owned by investors who figured they could increase the sale price by holding out .
Although now overshadowed by the Louisville Waterfront Park , Shawnee boasts an expansive Great Lawn which is very useful for formal gatherings .
Shawnee Park was proposed in 1890 to be one of the three flagship parks in Louisville 's new park system .
The Olmsted firm initially advised the city not to build a golf course at Shawnee Park due to the `` grave danger to visitors in the park and especially the children '' but demand was such that the course was built anyway in 1927 .
Shawnee Park was legally restricted to whites from 1924 to 1954 , although park officials and police had a de facto policy of denying blacks access to the park for some years prior to that .
Along with the rest of the city 's Olmsted-designed park system , Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Mike Havenaarborn 20 May 1987 in Hiroshima is a Japanese professional footballer , of Dutch descent , who currently plays as a striker for J. League Division 1 club Ventforet Kofu .
Chulabhorn Dam -LRB- à à à à à à à à à à à à # à `` à -RRB- is a dam in Tambon Thung Lui Lai , Amphur Kon San , Chaiyaphum Province , Thailand .
Everyone Says I Love You is a 1996 musical film written and directed by Woody Allen .
The element with atomic number 113 is historically known as eka-thallium .
These results were published on February 1 , 2004 , by a team composed of Russian scientists at Dubna -LRB- Joint Institute for Nuclear Research -RRB- , and American scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Ununtrium is the temporary name of a synthetic element with the temporary symbol Uut and atomic number 113 .
The Roman Senate was a political institution in ancient Rome .
It was one of the most enduring institutions in Roman history , being founded in the first days of the city -LRB- traditionally founded in 753 BC -RRB- .
The senate passed decrees called senatus consulta , which in form constituted `` advice '' from the senate to a magistrate .
As the Roman Empire grew , the senate also supervised the administration of the provinces , which were governed by former consuls and praetors , in that it decided which magistrate should govern which province .
While these advices did not hold legal force , they usually were obeyed in practice .
It survived the overthrow of the kings in 509 BC , the fall of the Roman Republic in the 1st century BC , the split of the Roman Empire in 395 AD , and the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476 AD .
This was especially the case with regards to its management of state finances , as only it could authorize the disbursal of public fund from the treasury .
The senate also had an enormous degree of power over the civil government in Rome .
As of 2004 , the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau was 1,511 .
Palm Beach Shores is a town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Many children with Spinal Muscular Atrophy develop pectus excavatum due to the diaphragmatic breathing that is common with the disease . Because the heart is located behind the sternum , and because individuals with pectus excavatum have been shown to have visible deformities of the heart -LRB- seen both on radiological imaging and after autopsies -RRB- , it has been hypothesized that there is impairment of function of the cardiovascular system in individuals with pectus excavatum .
Pectus excavatum is sometimes referred to as cobbler 's chest , sunken chest , funnel chest or simply a dent in the chest .
Their melting and boiling points are generally lower than those of the transition metals and their electronegativity higher , and they are also softer .
In 1983 he became a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany -LRB- â Bundesverfassungsgerichtâ -RRB- in Karlsruhe . From 1987 until 1994 , he also served as the president of this Court , until he was elected President of Germany by the Federal Assembly -LRB- Bundesversammlung -RRB- in 1994 .
In 1969 he accepted an administrative position at the FUB in Speyer , and was the University President from 1971 to 1972 .
In 1958 , he gained the title Doctor juris and worked as an assistant at the University of Munich until 1964 , where he also passed his second juristic state exam .
Until 1980 he was head of the Chamber for public responsibility of this church and since 1982 he has been a member of the synod of the Evangelical Church in Germany .
He later married Alexandra Freifrau von Berlichingen .
His wife , Christiane Herzog , died on 19 June 2000 .
Roman Herzog -LRB- born 5 April 1934 -RRB- is a German politician -LRB- CDU -RRB- and was President of Germany from 1994 to 1999 .
For his paper Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht -LRB- `` Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint '' -RRB- , in 1964 he was awarded the title of professor , a title of academic distinction in Germany , and taught at the University of Munich until 1966 .
He studied law in Munich and took his first juristic state exam in 1957 .
He retained this position until 1999 , when he was succeeded by Johannes Rau .
Roman Herzog has also always been active in the Evangelical Church in Germany .
He was minister for culture and sports in the Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg State Government from 1978 .
From 1966 he taught state law and political science as a full professor at the Free University of Berlin -LRB- FUB -RRB- .
In 1980 he was elected to the State Parliament -LRB- Landtag -RRB- , and took over the state Ministry of the Interior .
Groton is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , England .
`` Fighting Temptation '' is a song recorded by American R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles and American female rappers Missy Elliott , MC Lyte , and Free in 2003 .
Le BÃ mont is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Arsenic pentoxide can be synthesized by oxidizing arsenic trioxide with oxidizing agents such as ozone , hydrogen peroxide and nitric acid .
Arsenic pentoxide , As2O5 , is an important commercial compound of arsenic .
Fairbury is a city in Livingston County , Illinois , United States .
Founded in 1894 it was the site of many executions , particularly by guillotine during the Nazi period .
Stadelheim Prison , in Munich 's Giesing district , is one of the largest prisons in Germany .
Peterhead F.C. are a Scottish Football League side who currently play in the Second Division .
More correctly they are called Bloomogganners , supposedly from the blue worsted stockings that the fishermen originally wore .
Peterhead sits at the easternmost point in mainland Scotland .
It is Aberdeenshire 's largest settlement -LRB- the city of Aberdeen itself not being a part of the district -RRB- , with a population of 17,947 at the 2001 Census and estimated to have fallen to 17,330 by 2006 .
Peterhead is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Peterhead is often referred to as ` The Blue Toon ' and people who were born there as Blue Tooners .
In North American English , the word `` kebab '' usually refers to shish kebab .
In cryptography , Twofish is a symmetric key block cipher with a block size of 128 bits and key sizes up to 256 bits .
However , Twofish has seen less widespread usage than Blowfish , which has been available for a longer period of time .
Twofish 's distinctive features are the use of pre-computed key-dependent S-boxes , and a relatively complex key schedule .
Bruce Schneier responds in a 2005 blog entry that this paper does not present a full cryptanalytic attack , but only some hypothesized differential characteristics : `` But even from a theoretical perspective , Twofish is n't even remotely broken .
As a result , the Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever .
The Twofish cipher has not been patented and the reference implementation has been placed in the public domain .
As of 2010 , the best published cryptanalysis on the Twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16-round version .
Twofish borrows some elements from other designs ; for example , the pseudo-Hadamard transform -LRB- PHT -RRB- from the SAFER family of ciphers .
One half of an n-bit key is used as the actual encryption key and the other half of the n-bit key is used to modify the encryption algorithm -LRB- key-dependent S-boxes -RRB- .
The paper claims that the probability of truncated differentials is 2-57 .3 per block and that it will take roughly 251 chosen plaintexts -LRB- 32 petabytes worth of data -RRB- to find a good pair of truncated differentials .
There have been no extensions to these results since they were published in 2000 . ''
Twofish uses the same Feistel structure as DES .
On most software platforms Twofish is slightly slower than Rijndael -LRB- the chosen algorithm for Advanced Encryption Standard -RRB- for 128-bit keys , but somewhat faster for 256-bit keys .
Twofish was designed by Bruce Schneier , John Kelsey , Doug Whiting , David Wagner , Chris Hall , and Niels Ferguson ; the `` extended Twofish team '' who met to perform further cryptanalysis of Twofish and other AES contest entrants included Stefan Lucks , Tadayoshi Kohno , and Mike Stay .
Villarosa is a town and comune in the province of Enna , in the region of Sicily in southern Italy .
Iron oxides are chemical compounds composed of iron and oxygen .
Altogether , there are sixteen known iron oxides and oxyhydroxides .
Dogri is a member of the Western Pahari Group of languages .
The language is referred to as Pahari -LRB- à à à 3\/4 à à 1\/4 à or Ù 3\/4 Ú 3\/4 Ø Ú ` Û -RRB- in Pakistan and Pakistani-administered parts of Kashmir .
Dogri speakers are called Dogras , and the Dogri-speaking region is called Duggar .
Dogri -LRB- à à à -- à à or Ú Ù Ú Ø Ù -RRB- is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by about five million people in Pakistan and India , chiefly in the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir , but also in northern Punjab , Himachal Pradesh , other parts of Jammu and Kashmir , and elsewhere .
Ferreux-Quincey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Thenailles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Justin Lee Collins , often known as JLC , -LRB- born 28 July 1974 -RRB- is a British comedian , television and radio presenter from Bristol .
Although it is still published under the byline `` Anonymous '' , press interviews and copyright records suggest that it is largely or wholly the work of its purported editor , Beatrice Sparks .
The diarist 's name is never given in the book .
The book purports to be the actual diary of an anonymous teenage girl who became addicted to drugs , and is presented as a testimony against drug use .
The story caused a sensation when published and remains in print as of 2011 .
Some of the days and dates referenced in the book put the timeline from 1968 until 1970 .
Grace Slick wrote the song based on perceived drug references in the classic novel Alice In Wonderland .
Go Ask Alice is a controversial 1971 book about the life of a troubled teenage girl .
The title is from the lyrics to the Jefferson Airplane song `` White Rabbit '' .
Revelations about the book 's origin have caused much doubt as to its authenticity and factual accounts , and the publishers have listed it as a work of fiction since at least the mid-late 1980s .
A constituency is all the constituents of a particular agent or representative .
Depending on the context , another closely-related meaning of constituent is that of a citizen residing in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes this is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
All the constituents who are registered to vote are referred to as the electorate .
It became the 32th largest Wikipedia by size .
Rules in Bulgarian Wikipedia are not regarded as flexible in disputes as they are on the English project .
The Bulgarian Wikipedia was created on 6 December 2003 .
In 24 May 2010 , the distinctive Wikipedia globe logo for the Bulgarian Wikipedia was temporarily altered to include the number 100,000 to commemorate the 100,000 article milestone .
As of December 26 , 2007 it is the 30th largest Wikipedia by article count , with over 50,000 articles .
Difficult issues are resolved through the Arbitration Committee , which handles content disputes , blocks users or prohibit certain users from editing articles on certain topics .
On November 24 , 2005 , the Bulgarian language Wikipedia added its 20,000 th article , and was the 21st largest Wikipedia at the time .
Misuse of administrator privileges is typically appealed through the Arbitration Committee ; only this authority and Wikimedia stewards have the power to remove administrator flags .
On 24 May 2010 , it became the 32nd largest Wikipedia by size and it passed the 100,000 articles threshold .
Major towns include Gros Islet , SoufriÃ re and Vieux Fort .
They are located between SoufriÃ re and Choiseul on the western side of the island .
The volcanic island of Saint Lucia is more mountainous than many other Caribbean islands , with the highest point being Mount Gimie , at 950 m above sea level .
Saint Lucia is also one of the few islands in the world that boasts a drive-in volcano .
Two other mountains , the Pitons , form the island 's most famous landmark .
The capital city of Saint Lucia is Castries , where about one third of the population lives .
Ekwok is a city in Dillingham Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Sequential hermaphrodites may produce both types of gametes over the course of their lifetime , but at any given point they are either female or male .
In many wrasses the opposite is trueâ '' most fish are initially female and become male when they reach a certain size .
In some ferns the default sex is hermaphrodite , but ferns which grow in soil that has previously supported hermaphrodites are influenced by residual hormones to instead develop as male .
In some turtles , for example , males are produced at lower incubation temperatures than females ; this difference in critical temperatures can be as little as 1 â `` 2 Â C.
Many insects use a sex determination system based on the number of sex chromosomes .
In genetic sex determination systems , an organism 's sex is determined by the genome it inherits .
The default sex , in the absence of a Y chromosome , is female .
Genetic sex determination usually depends on asymmetrically inherited sex chromosomes which carry genetic features that influence development ; sex may be determined either by the presence of a sex chromosome or by how many the organism has .
Some bacteria use conjugation to transfer genetic material between cells ; while not the same as sexual reproduction , this also results in the mixture of genetic traits .
In addition to animals , plants , and fungi , other eukaryotes -LRB- e.g. the malaria parasite -RRB- also engage in sexual reproduction .
Many fish change sex over the course of their lifespan , a phenomenon called sequential hermaphroditism .
Sexual reproduction is a process specific to eukaryotes , organisms whose cells contain a nucleus and mitochondria .
In clownfish , smaller fish are male , and the dominant and largest fish in a group becomes female .
For many species sex is not determined by inherited traits , but instead by environmental factors experienced during development or later in life .
Many reptiles have temperature-dependent sex determination : the temperature embryos experience during their development determines the sex of the organism .
The Hong Kong government supports cultural institutions such as the Hong Kong Heritage Museum , the Hong Kong Museum of Art , the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts , and the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra .
Five is the third prime number .
Five is a congruent number . Five is conjectured to be the only odd untouchable number and if this is the case then five will be the only odd prime number that is not the base of an aliquot tree .
Herbert Backe -LRB- 1 May 1896 â `` 6 April 1947 -RRB- was a German Nazi politician and ObergruppenfÃ 1\/4 hrer in the SS .
The play Romeo and Juliet written by William Shakespeare was based in Verona .
Please remember to assume good faith when dealing with other editors .
Garden Grove is a city in Decatur County , Iowa , United States .
In the backstory , FBI special agent Will Graham , who investigated Lecter 's murders but was unaware of his involvement , initially consulted Lecter about the case before realizing he was the culprit ; Lecter nearly killed Graham when he was captured . The plot finds Graham consulting Lecter in order to catch another serial killer , Francis Dolarhyde , known by the nickname `` The Tooth Fairy '' .
Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September , 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition .
Uwe Reinders -LRB- born 19 January 1955 in Essen -RRB- is a former German football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player and manager .
He holds the records for both the first and second longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history .
Many authorities consider him to have been the greatest attacking Grandmaster of all time .
Tal won a very strong tournament at ZÃ 1\/4 rich , 1959 . Following the Interzonal , the top players carried on to the Candidates ' Tournament , Yugoslavia 1959 .
Tal 's victory was attributed to his dominance over the lower half of the field ; whilst scoring only one win and three losses versus Keres , he won all four individual games against Fischer , and took 3 Â 1\/2 points out of 4 from each of GligoriÄ , Olafsson , and Benko .
In 1960 , at the age of 23 , Tal thoroughly defeated the relatively staid and strategic Mikhail Botvinnik in a World Championship match , held in Moscow , by 12 Â 1\/2 â `` 8 Â 1\/2 -LRB- six wins , two losses , and thirteen draws -RRB- , making him the youngest-ever world champion -LRB- a record later broken by Garry Kasparov , who earned the title at 22 -RRB- .
Between October 23 , 1973 and October 16 , 1974 , he played 95 consecutive games without a loss -LRB- 46 wins and 49 draws -RRB- , shattering his previous record .
Mikhail Tal -LRB- ; , Michail Nechem ` eviÄ Tal , ; sometimes transliterated Mihails Tals or Mihail Tal ; November 9 , 1936 -- June 28 , 1992 -RRB- was a Soviet -- Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
Botvinnik , who had never faced Tal before the title match began , won the return match against Tal in 1961 , also held in Moscow , by 13 â `` 8 -LRB- ten wins to five , with six draws -RRB- .
Tal showed superior form by winning with 20\/28 points , ahead of Paul Keres with 18 Â 1\/2 , followed by Tigran Petrosian , Vasily Smyslov , Bobby Fischer , Svetozar GligoriÄ , FriÃ rik Ã `` lafsson , and Pal Benko .
In 1962 at CuraÃ ao , he had serious health problems , having undergone a major operation shortly before the tournament , and had to withdraw three-quarters of the way through , scoring just seven points -LRB- +3 -10 = 8 -RRB- from 21 games .
His short reign atop the chess world made him one of the two so-called `` winter kings '' who interrupted Botvinnik 's long reign from 1948 to 1963 -LRB- the other was Smyslov , world champion 1957 â `` 1958 -RRB- .
From July 1972 to April 1973 , Tal played a record 86 consecutive games without a loss -LRB- 47 wins and 39 draws -RRB- .
Tal played in a total of six Candidates ' Tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title .
In the period between the matches Botvinnik had thoroughly analyzed Tal 's style , and turned most of the return match 's games into slow wars of maneuver or endgames , rather than the complicated tactical melees which were Tal 's happy hunting ground .
The Mikhail Tal Memorial is held in Moscow each year since 2006 to honor his memory .
These are the two longest unbeaten streaks in modern chess history .
Neighboring districts are -LRB- from the north clockwise -RRB- Landsberg , Starnberg , Bad TÃ lz-Wolfratshausen , Garmisch-Partenkirchen and OstallgÃ u. The district is located in the northern foothills of the Alps .
Weilheim-Schongau is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the south of Bavaria , Germany .
The New York Yankees played their home games in Shea Stadium during the 1974 and 1975 seasons while Yankee Stadium was being renovated .
William A. Shea Municipal Stadium , usually shortened to Shea Stadium or just Shea , was a stadium in the New York City borough of Queens , in Flushing Meadowsâ `` Corona Park . It was the home baseball park of Major League Baseball 's New York Mets from 1964 to 2008 .
Four World Series were played in Shea Stadium .
The Compton effect was observed by Arthur Holly Compton in 1923 at Washington University in St. Louis and further verified by his graduate student Y. H. Woo in the years following . Compton earned the 1927 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery .
In physics , Compton scattering is a type of scattering that X-rays and gamma rays undergo in matter .
Compton scattering is an important effect in gamma spectroscopy which gives rise to the Compton edge , as it is possible for the gamma rays to scatter out of the detectors used .
The inelastic scattering of photons in matter results in a decrease in energy -LRB- increase in wavelength -RRB- of an X-ray or gamma ray photon , called the Compton effect .
Sparta is a city in Randolph County , Illinois , United States .
Kunie Kitamoto is a Japanese football player who plays for Vissel Kobe .
`` Happy Xmas -LRB- War Is Over -RRB- '' is a song written by John Lennon and Yoko Ono and released in 1971 as a single by John & Yoko\/Plastic Ono Band with the Harlem Community Choir .
Remilly-Wirquin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Upon approach of a train , a giant neon sign lit up with the words `` Stop-DEATH-Stop '' beneath a lighted skull and crossbones .
Like nothing before , the Billups signal was a large gantry spanning the highway and was likely the first such use of a gantry-style crossing of the type now in relatively common use .
The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a prototypical grade crossing signal installed at a dangerous Illinois Central crossing on Mississippi Highway 7 -LRB- now Mississippi Highway 332 -RRB- in Grenada , Mississippi .
It was installed in the mid-1930s by inventor Alonzo Billups over growing concern due to numerous train versus motor vehicle accidents at the crossing .
Vouvant is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Angeville is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es region in southern France .
Hiroki Ito is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kawasaki Frontale in the J. League .
This category contains an alphabetical list of musicians who were members of the Chapel Royal .
Benjamin Lincoln and later Henry Knox held the position .
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President 's Cabinet , beginning with George Washington 's administration .
At first , he was responsible for all military affairs .
In 1798 , the Secretary of the Navy was added to the cabinet , and the scope of this office was reduced to a general concern with the Army .
A similar position , called either `` Secretary at War '' or `` Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .
When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution , he appointed Knox to continue serving .
In 1947 , the departments were recombined under the Secretary of Defense .
The Secretary of War led the War Department .
The Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force , which , along with the Secretary of the Navy , are now non-Cabinet positions under the Secretary of Defense .
It lies on the river Aude about 30 k due south of Carcassonne .
Alfred Waterhouse -LRB- 19 July 1830 â `` 22 August 1905 -RRB- was a British architect , particularly associated with the Victorian Gothic Revival architecture .
Though expert within Neo-Gothic , Renaissance revival , and Romanesque revival styles , Waterhouse never limited himself to a single architectural style .
Financially speaking , Waterhouse was probably the most successful of all Victorian architects .
He is perhaps best known for his design for the Natural History Museum in London , and Manchester Town Hall , although he also built a wide variety of other buildings throughout the country .
During the 1970s and 80s , he was also a Visiting Professor at the California Institute of Technology , the University of Wisconsinâ `` Milwaukee and the University of California , Berkeley .
He was director at the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG from 1986 till his retirement in 2004 .
In 1986 he became professor at the Free University of Berlin and at the Technical University of Berlin .
Ertl was born in Stuttgart , Germany where he would later study physics from 1955 to 1957 at the Technical University of Stuttgart and then at the University of Paris -LRB- 1957 â `` 1958 -RRB- and Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich -LRB- 1958 â `` 1959 -RRB- .
He always used new observation techniques like low-energy electron diffraction -LRB- LEED -RRB- at the beginning of his career , later ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy -LRB- UPS -RRB- and scanning tunneling microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- yielding ground breaking results .
Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren .
His hobbies include playing the piano and also playing with his cats when he is not doing experiments .
Then , he became a Professor at Institute for Physical Chemistry , Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich -LRB- 1973 â `` 1986 -RRB- .
After completing his PhD , he became an assistant and lecturer at Technical University of Munich -LRB- 1965 â `` 1968 -RRB- .
From 1968 to 1973 , he was Professor and Director at Technical University of Hannover .
Shutter Island is a 2010 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese .
IvÃ n Helguera BujÃ a -LRB- born 28 March 1975 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer .
Most other uses such as for table ware , sanitary piping , or building decoration in freezing environments require that the material be glazed .
The term is also used to refer to items made out of this material and to its natural , brownish orange color , which varies considerably .
Other colors include yellow , gray , and pink .
The fired material is weak compared to stoneware .
Some types of terracotta are created from clay that includes recycled terracotta -LRB- `` grog '' -RRB- .
After pit firing the hot ware is covered with sand to cool , and after kiln firing the kiln is slowly cooled .
After further thorough drying it is placed in a kiln , or atop combustible material in a pit , and then fired .
An appropriate refined clay is partially dried and cast , molded , or hand worked into the desired shape .
Terracotta , if uncracked , will ring if lightly struck , but not as brightly as will ware fired at higher temperature , which is called stoneware .
Its uses include vessels , water and waste water pipes and surface embellishment in building construction , along with sculpture such as the Terracotta Army and Greek terracotta figurines .
The unglazed color after firing can vary widely , but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange , orangish red , or brownish orange color , with this range including various colors described as `` terracotta '' .
When unglazed , the material will not be waterproof , but it is suitable for in-ground use to carry pressurized water -LRB- an archaic use -RRB- , for garden ware or building decoration in tropical environments , and for oil containers , oil lamps , or ovens .
HernÃ n Gaviria Carvajal -LRB- November 27 , 1969 â `` October 24 , 2002 -RRB- was a Colombian footballer , who played as a central midfielder .
Ricardo Faty -LRB- born 4 August 1986 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges , Val-de-Marne -RRB- is a French Defensive midfielder who currently plays for Aris Thessaloniki .
The town has three main streets : Mollison Street , Piper Street and High Street . Piper Street has the oldest streetscape of these main streets , and still has many of its original buildings .
Kyneton has a horse racing club , the Kyneton District Racing Club , which schedules around sixteen race meetings a year including the Kyneton Cup meeting in November -LRB- always the day after the Melbourne Cup -RRB- . In 2009 the Kyneton District Racing Club partnered with the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE to use the facilities of the racecourse and its extensive grounds as an educational training facility .
The explorer Major Thomas Mitchell crossed and named the Campaspe River near present day Kyneton on his 1836 expedition .
The town was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
Kyneton is a town on the Calder Highway in the Macedon Ranges of Victoria , Australia .
In 2009 the Kyneton District Racing Club partnered with the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE to use the facilities of the racecourse and its extensive grounds as an educational training facility .
Kyneton hosts several events during the year including the ANZAC Day parade , Kyneton Jazz Festival , Kyneton Daffodil Festival , Kyneton Agricultural show and the Kyneton Cup .
Kyneton has a horse racing club , the Kyneton District Racing Club , which schedules around sixteen race meetings a year including the Kyneton Cup meeting in November -LRB- always the day after the Melbourne Cup -RRB- .
The Kyneton Courthouse tried Ned Kelly in 1870 for robbery under arms .
Kyneton 's main locally produced newspaper is the Midland Express , which also serves Castlemaine .
Unlike a majority of towns in the area , Kyneton predates the Victorian gold rushes , having being established in 1850 , whereas the gold rushes started the year after .
Kyneton is home to mineral springs , the Campaspe River , botanical gardens and historic houses , many with bluestone architecture .
Golfers play at the course of the Kyneton Golf Club on Black Hill Road .
The town has an Australian rules football team competing in the Bendigo Football League .
The post office opened on 1 July 1843 as Mount Macedon and was renamed Kyneton on 1 January 1854 .
The Calder Freeway bypasses Kyneton to the north and east .
At this time , Kyneton was a growing rural center , and served as a major stop for those heading to the gold rushes at Mount Alexander and Bendigo .
Ostra is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
A quiz is a form of game or mind sport in which the players -LRB- as individuals or in teams -RRB- attempt to answer questions correctly .
In some countries , a quiz is also a brief assessment used in education and similar fields to measure growth in knowledge , abilities , and\/or skills .
Quizzes are usually scored in points and many quizzes are designed to determine a winner from a group of participants - usually the participant with the highest score .
Before that the region was almost invariably called the High Plains , in contrast to the lower Prairie Plains of the Midwestern states . Today the term `` High Plains '' is used for a subregion of the Great Plains .
Its county seat is Lake City , Florida .
Columbia County was created in 1832 .
As of 2000 , the population was 56,513 .
John Everett Otto -LRB- born March 22 , 1977 in Jacksonville , Florida -RRB- is the drummer and co-founder of the band Limp Bizkit .
Shell Rock is a city in Butler County , Iowa , United States , along the Shell Rock River .
After the 1907 establishment of Montessori 's first school in Rome , by 1917 there was an intense interest in her method in North America , which later waned , in large part due to the publication of a small booklet entitled `` The Montessori System Examined '' by William Heard Kilpatrick - a follower of John Dewey . -LRB- Nancy McCormick Rambusch contributed to the revival of the method in America by establishing the American Montessori Society in 1960 -RRB- ; at the same time Margaret Stephenson came to the US from Europe and began a long history of training Montessori teachers under the auspices of the Association Montessori Internationale -LRB- AMI -RRB- .
Stoke-on-Trent is considered to be the home of the pottery industry in England and is commonly known as The Potteries .
Salt Lick is a city in Bath County , Kentucky , United States .
ROTC in the Republic of Korea started in 1963 .
The Reserve Officers ' Training Corps -LRB- ROTC -RRB- is a college-based , officer commissioning program , predominantly in the United States .
It is designed as a college elective that focuses on leadership development , problem solving , strategic planning , and professional ethics .
The Republic of the Philippines established its program in 1912 , with the creation of the first unit at the University of the Philippines during American colonial rule .
The U.S. Armed Forces and a number of other national militaries , particularly those countries with strong historical ties to the United States , have ROTC programs .
Manuel Pablo GarcÃ a DÃ az , known as Manuel Pablo -LRB- born January 25 , 1976 in Arucas , Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , Canary Islands -RRB- , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Deportivo de La CoruÃ a as a right defender .
It features all their vinyl and CD singles collected until 1998 with B-sides and a host of remixes totaling 63 tracks .
Singles 90\/98 is a limited edition 11 disc compilation album by Massive Attack released in 1998 .
Paul James Hartley -LRB- born 19 October 1976 in Hamilton , Scotland -RRB- is a Scottish professional footballer , who plays for Scottish Premier League club Aberdeen .
Karapet Parisyan -LRB- ; born August 28 , 1982 -RRB- is an Armenian-American mixed martial artist .
Online journals that publish haiku poetry exclusively -LRB- see the list in Haiku in English -RRB- and haiku sites owned by various haiku writers can be found online , as well as scores of pseudo-haiku .
Some groups , such as the Haiku International Association , try to promote exchanges between Japanese and foreign haiku poets .
In Japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line and tend to take aspects of the natural world as their subject matter , while haiku in English often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of Japanese haiku and may deal with any subject matter . Previously called hokku , haiku was given its current name by the Japanese writer Masaoka Shiki at the end of the 19th century .
In Japanese , haiku are traditionally printed in a single vertical line and tend to take aspects of the natural world as their subject matter , while haiku in English often appear in three lines to parallel the three phrases of Japanese haiku and may deal with any subject matter .
PÃ rotin 's music has influenced modern minimalist composers such as Steve Reich , particularly in Reich 's work Proverb .
Snoop Dogg wears hockey jerseys of the now-defunct Springfield Indians of the American Hockey League and Pittsburgh Penguins -LRB- with the name and number ` GIN AND JUICE ' 94 on the back -RRB- in the video .
In April 2005 , the video was fourth on MTV2 and XXL 's list of the 25 Greatest West Coast Videos .
For comparison with the municipalities and municipal districts of other provinces see the list of municipalities and municipal districts of the Dominican Republic .
MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez is a province of the Dominican Republic .
It hosts the Annual Ashern Rodeo during the Labor Day weekend , as well as the Ashern Horse Show .
He has played for Japan national team .
Hiroshi Hirakawa -LRB- born January 10 , 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Macedonia national football team is the national football team of the Republic of Macedonia and is controlled by the Football Federation of Macedonia .
In the Primeval novel Extinction Event , Baba Yaga is interpreted to be a Tyrannosaurus that traveled to the present through an anomaly . In the Fables , Baba Yaga is a spy for the Adversary .
KÃ 1\/4 ttigen is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In 2008 , American sports television network ESPN ranked him 24th on their top drivers of all-time .
Nigel Ernest James Mansell OBE -LRB- born 8 August 1953 in Upton-upon-Severn , Worcestershire , England -RRB- is a British racing driver who won both the Formula One World Championship -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and the CART Indy Car World Series -LRB- 1993 -RRB- .
Mansell remains the most successful British Formula One driver of all time in terms of race wins with 31 victories , and is fourth overall on the Formula One race winners list behind Michael Schumacher , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna .
Mansell raced in the GP Masters series and signed a one-off race deal for the Scuderia Ecosse GT race team to drive their number 63 Ferrari F430 GT2 car at Silverstone on 6 May 2007 .
Mansell was the reigning F1 champion when he moved over to CART , being the first person to win the CART title in his debut season , making him the only person to hold both titles simultaneously .
He was rated in the top 10 Formula One drivers of all time by longtime Formula One commentator Murray Walker .
His career in Formula One spanned 15 seasons , with his final two full seasons of top-level racing being spent in the CART series .
Nwankwo Christian Nwosu Kanu , OON -LRB- born 1 August 1976 in Owerri , Nigeria -RRB- , or simply Kanu , is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Football League Championship club Portsmouth .
Ryota Takasugi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ehime F.C. .
Today , the Royal Canadian Air Cadets has a membership of approximately 26,000 in 450 squadrons ; and together with the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and Royal Canadian Army Cadets , forms the `` largest federally-funded youth program in the country '' .
This is the same as for the Sea and Army Cadets ; however , each focuses on its own parent element . The Air Cadet motto is `` To learn .
The aim of Royal Canadian Air Cadets is to : develop in youth the attributes of good citizenship and leadership ; promote physical fitness ; and stimulate the interest of youth in the sea , land , and air activities of the Canadian Forces .
The organization and rank system of the former Royal Canadian Air Force is used .
Upon enrollment a new cadet in the Air Cadet Program is known as an `` Air Cadet '' -LRB- AC -RRB- .
This chart displays the rank structure of the Royal Canadian Air Cadets .
Together with the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and Royal Canadian Army Cadets , it forms the `` largest federally-funded youth program in the country '' .
The Flame Nebula is part of the Orion Molecular Cloud Complex , a star-forming region that includes the famous Horsehead Nebula .
It is about 900 to 1,500 light-years away .
The Flame Nebula , designated as NGC 2024 and Sh2-277 , is an emission nebula in the constellation Orion .
The bright star Alnitak -LRB- Î Ori -RRB- , the easternmost star in the Belt of Orion , shines energetic ultraviolet light into the Flame and this knocks electrons away from the great clouds of hydrogen gas that reside there .
Shunichi Nakajima -LRB- born 16 June 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Saint-Denis-du-Payr Ã is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
She accepted , and Bundy declared to the court that they were legally married .
Theodore Robert `` Ted '' Bundy , born Theodore Robert Cowell -LRB- November 24 , 1946 â `` January 24 , 1989 -RRB- , was an American serial killer , rapist , kidnapper , and necrophile who forcibly abducted , raped , and murdered at least 30 young women , and possibly many more , in the states of Washington , Oregon , Utah , Idaho , Colorado , and Florida between 1974 and 1978 .
A page with this title has previously been deleted .
Anguerny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
A Munro is any Scottish mountain with a height over 3000 feet -LRB- 914.4 metres -RRB- .
Londrina -LRB- , Londoner -RRB- is a city located in the northern region of the state of ParanÃ , Brazil , and is 369 km away from the capital , Curitiba .
Belmont University is a private , coeducational , liberal arts university located in Nashville , Tennessee , United States .
Coins were issued in denominations of 5 li up to 10 fen .
The Yuan was subdivided into 10 chiao -LRB- è ' -RRB- , 100 fen -LRB- å -RRB- or 1000 li -LRB- é -RRB- .
In 1944 and 1945 , Manchukuo issued coins -LRB- 1 and 5 fen -RRB- made of what the `` Standard Catalog of World Coins '' describes as `` red or brown fiber '' , resembling cardboard .
These are a rare example of non-metallic coins .
The Manchukuo yuan -LRB- æ '' æ å 1\/2 å -RRB- was the official unit of currency of the Empire of Manchukuo , from June 1932 - August 1945 .
In 1940 the Manchukuo yuan was being used to measure Manchukuo exports and imports to countries that included America , Germany and Japan .
Mercer and Mancini wrote the song for Audrey Hepburn to fit her vocal range .
Warm fronts lie within broader troughs of low pressure than cold fronts , and move more slowly than the cold fronts which usually follow because cold air is denser and harder to remove from the Earth 's surface . This also forces temperature differences across warm fronts to be broader in scale .
Air masses are large bodies of air with similar properties of temperature and humidity that form over source regions , and the warm air masses behind warm fronts are not only warmer but higher in humidity than the colder air preceding them . Because of a warm air massâ s higher temperature and thus lesser density , mixing between the two air masses is unlikely .
As of the 2000 census , its population was 4,965 .
Adamsville is a town in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States .
Ian Albert Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Adam Woodyatt .
Ellon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Michael Gerard `` Mike '' Tyson -LRB- born June 30 , 1966 -RRB- is an American boxer .
This Poultry company operates a Processing Plant , a Feed Mill , and a Hatchery in Heavener . OK Foods first came to Heavener in the early 1990s .
Rhodes -LRB- , RÃ dos , -RRB- is the principal city of the Greek island of Rhodes , in the southeastern Aegean Sea , and the capital of the Dodecanese prefecture .
Rhodes has been famous since antiquity as the site of Colossus of Rhodes , one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
Thus , Wuhan virtually became the political , economic and military center at the time ; and the wartime capital of China at the onset of the engagements in Wuhan . The Chinese war effort was focused on protecting Wuhan from being occupied by the Japanese .
The Battle of Wuhan , popularly known to the Chinese as the Defense of Wuhan , and to the Japanese as the Capture of Wuhan , was a large-scale battle of the Second Sino-Japanese War .
\/ \/ To keep things simple we 'll ignore all image links .
\/ \/ function autoEdUnicodeHex -LRB- txt -RRB-
because some people prefer \/ \/ underscores in the file name and the caption can contain god-knows-what .
\/ \/ one easy way is to flag them with a character which should never be used , \/ \/ but if it is already present we have a problem , so let 's just quit .
It was discovered on 7 August 1915 by the Soviet astronomer Grigory Nikolaevich Neujmin at Simeis , Ukraine .
916 America is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter .
Observations by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite have since shown that it has a diameter of 33.2 Â 1.3 km , with an absolute magnitude of 11.20 and an albedo of 0.053 Â 0.004 .
In 1986 , assuming that the asteroid was of S-type and that it had a diameter of 15 km , the rotational period was measured to be 38 hours .
Originally designated 916 Î # I , it was renamed ' 916 America ' on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to commemorate `` the friendly relations of the astronomical observatories and astronomers '' .
Another possible reason for the name was as a mark of appreciation for the help given during the famine in Crimea by the American Relief Administration under President Herbert Hoover .
A head coach , senior coach or manager is a professional at training and developing athletes .
In some sports such as soccer and baseball , the head coach is usually called a manager , whilst in other sports such as Australian rules football they are generally termed a senior coach .
Other coaches are usually subordinate to the head coach , often in offensive positions or defensive positions , and occasionally proceeding down into individualized position coaches .
They typically hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches .
The Death of Marat , perhaps David 's most famous painting , has been called the PietÃ of the revolution .
The scientific name Fringillidae comes from the Latin word fringilla for the Chaffinch -LRB- Fringilla coelebs -RRB- -- a member of that last subfamily -- which is common in Europe .
The true finches are passerine birds in the family Fringillidae . They are predominantly seed-eating songbirds .
Many birds in other families are also commonly called `` finches '' , including some species in the very similar-looking waxbills or estrildid finches -LRB- family Passeridae , subfamily Estrildinae -RRB- of the Old World tropics and Australia ; several groups of the bunting and American sparrow family -LRB- Emberizidae -RRB- ; and Darwin 's finches of the Galapagos islands , which provided evidence of natural selection and are now recognized to be peculiar tanagers -LRB- Thraupidae -RRB- .
Some species are being imported or smuggled into other countries and sold as exotic pets .
The University of Texas at Arlington -LRB- also referred to as UT Arlington or UTA -RRB- is a public research university located in Arlington , Texas , United States .
The university was founded in 1895 and was primarily a military academy during the early 1900s .
Shigeki Kurata -LRB- born 22 June 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Bruno N ` Gotty -LRB- born 10 June 1971 -RRB- is a French football player of Cameroonian ancestry who last played for English club Leicester City .
The discovery of S. sikkanniensis in British Columbia in the 1990s made S. popularis the smaller of the Shonisaurus species .
Fossils of Shonisaurus were first found in a large deposit in Nevada in 1920 .
The better known S. popularis species was around 15 m long , but a more recently discovered species , S. sikkanniensis , was longer still , at 21 m.
All of these features suggest that Shonisaurus may be a relatively specialised offshoot of the main ichthyosaur evolutionary line .
It had a large whale-like body , a long dolphin-like snout , and its flippers were much longer , and narrower than in other ichthyosaurs .
These were named Shonisaurus , which means `` Lizard from the Shoshone Mountains '' , after the formation where the fossils were found .
An ichthyosaur found in the Himalayan mountains called Himalayasaurus , may be the same animal as Shonisaurus .
Excavations , begun in 1954 under the direction of Dr. Charles Camp and Dr. Samuel Welles of the University of California , Berkeley , were continued by Camp throughout the 60s .
Shonisaurus had a long pointed mouth that contained teeth only at the front end .
Thirty years later , they were excavated , uncovering the remains of 37 very large ichthyosaurs .
The Nevada fossil sites can currently be viewed at the Berlin-Ichthyosaur State Park .
The first species discovered , S. popularis , was adopted as the state fossil of Nevada in 1984 .
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern of the Netherlands , near the border with Germany .
It received city rights in 1249 .
Ryland Heights is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
Claudius himself traveled to the island after the completion of initial offensives , bringing with him reinforcements and elephants .
His first marriage , to Plautia Urgulanilla , occurred after two failed betrothals .
Britain was an attractive target for Rome because of its material wealth â '' particularly mines and slaves .
Claudius ' extant letters , speeches , and sayings were incorporated into the text -LRB- mostly in the second book , Claudius the God -RRB- in order to add authenticity .
The annexation of Mauretania , begun under Caligula , was completed after the defeat of rebel forces , and the official division of the former client kingdom into two imperial provinces .
Graves 's two books were the basis for a British television adaptation produced by the BBC .
His survival led to his being declared emperor by the Praetorian Guard after Caligula 's assassination , at which point he was the last adult male of his family .
When the British general Caractacus was captured in 50 , Claudius granted him clemency .
The Senate quickly met and began debating a change of government , but this eventually devolved into an argument over which of them would be the new Princeps .
Claudius ' infirmity probably saved him from the fate of many other nobles during the purges of Tiberius ' and Caligula 's reigns ; potential enemies did not see him as a serious threat .
The ancient historians allege that Messalina was a nymphomaniac who was regularly unfaithful to Claudius â '' Tacitus states she went so far as to compete with a prostitute to see who could have the most sexual partners in a night â '' and manipulated his policies in order to amass wealth .
Agrippina had motive in ensuring the succession of Nero before Britannicus could gain power .
According to tradition , a Praetorian named Gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him princeps .
During their marriage she gave birth to a son , Claudius Drusus .
It was a substantial critical success , and won several BAFTA awards .
There is no evidence that Claudius had a direct hand in the assassination , although it has been argued that he knew about the plot â '' particularly since he left the scene of the crime shortly before his nephew was murdered .
The most far-reaching conquest was the conquest of Britannia .
It was also a haven for Gallic rebels and the like , and so could not be left alone much longer .
Claudius is the source for numerous passages of Pliny 's Natural History .
Nero was more popular with the general public as the grandson of Germanicus and the direct descendant of Augustus .
Claudius conducted a census in 48 that found 5,984,072 Roman citizens , an increase of around a million since the census conducted at Augustus ' death .
Besides the history of Augustus ' reign that caused him so much grief , his major works included an Etruscan history and eight volumes on Carthaginian history , as well as an Etruscan Dictionary and a book on dice playing .
Whatever the case , the result was the execution of Silius , Messalina , and most of her circle .
Claudius later divorced Urgulanilla for adultery and on suspicion of murdering her sister-in-law Apronia .
Some years after divorcing Aelia Paetina , in 38 or early 39 , Claudius married Valeria Messalina , who was his first cousin once removed and closely allied with Caligula 's circle .
Claudius married four times .
In 1937 , director Josef von Sternberg attempted a film version of I , Claudius , with Charles Laughton as Claudius .
He fled to the palace to hide .
Unfortunately , Drusus died of asphyxiation in his early teens , shortly after becoming engaged to Junilla , the daughter of Sejanus .
When Urgulanilla gave birth after the divorce , Claudius repudiated the baby girl , Claudia , as the father was one of his own freedmen .
Claudius made the Praetorians promise to kill him if he ever married again .
When they heard of the Praetorians ' claim , they demanded that Claudius be delivered to them for approval , but he refused , sensing the danger that would come with complying .
Suetonius quotes Claudius ' autobiography once , and must have used it as a source numerous times .
Finally , he wrote an eight-volume autobiography that Suetonius describes as lacking in taste .
The series starred Derek Jacobi as Claudius and was broadcast in 1976 on BBC2 .
In any case , Claudius accepted Agrippina , and later adopted the newly mature Nero as his son .
The best known fictional representation of the Emperor Claudius were the books I , Claudius and Claudius the God -LRB- published in 1934 and 1935 -RRB- by Robert Graves , both written in the first-person to give the reader the impression that they are Claudius ' autobiography .
Soon after -LRB- possibly in 28 -RRB- , Claudius married Aelia Paetina , a relative of Sejanus , if not Sejanus 's adoptive sister .
The Senate granted him a triumph for his efforts , as only members of the imperial family were allowed such honors .
Unfortunately , none of the actual works survive .
The extant works of Claudius present a different view , painting a picture of an intelligent , scholarly , well-read , and conscientious administrator with an eye to detail and justice .
Agrippina was one of the few remaining descendants of Augustus , and her son Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus -LRB- the future Emperor Nero -RRB- was one of the last males of the imperial family .
Claudius wrote copiously throughout his life .
Nero was made joint heir with the underage Britannicus , married to Octavia and heavily promoted .
The attempted coup d'etat by Silius and Messalina had probably made Claudius realize the weakness of his position as a member of the Claudian but not the Julian family . This weakness was compounded by the fact that he did not have an obvious adult heir , Britannicus being just a boy .
A son , first named Tiberius Claudius Germanicus , and later known as Britannicus , was born just after Claudius ' accession .
The provinces of Thrace , Noricum , Pamphylia , Lycia , and Judea were annexed under various circumstances during his term .
Thus , Claudius becomes an enigma .
Graves employed a fictive artifice to suggest that they were recently discovered , genuine translations of Claudius ' writings .
Since the discovery of his `` Letter to the Alexandrians '' in the last century , much work has been done to rehabilitate Claudius and determine where the truth lies .
Tiberius Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus -LRB- 1 August 10 BC â `` 13 October 54 -RRB- , born Tiberius Claudius Drusus , then Tiberius Claudius Nero Germanicus until his accession , was Roman Emperor from 41 to 54 .
In the chaos following the murder , Claudius witnessed the German guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen , including many of his friends .
On 24 January , 41 , Caligula was assassinated in a broad-based conspiracy involving the Praetorian commander Cassius Chaerea and several Senators .
Claudius later lifted this restriction for some of his conquering generals .
This marriage ended in tragedy .
During their marriage , Claudius and Paetina had a daughter , Claudia Antonia .
-LRB- Claudius is actually the last person known to have been able to read Etruscan . -RRB-
Under Claudius , the empire underwent its first major expansion since the reign of Augustus .
The surviving reels were featured in the BBC documentary The Epic That Never Was -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , revealing some of Laughton 's most accomplished acting .
They reassured him that they were not one of the battalions looking for revenge .
Eventually the Senate was forced to give in and , in return , Claudius pardoned nearly all the assassins .
Tacitus uses Claudius ' own arguments for the orthographical innovations mentioned above , and may have used him for some of the more antiquarian passages in his annals .
Caractacus lived out his days on land provided by the Roman state , an unusual end for an enemy commander .
Shortly thereafter , she gave birth to a daughter Claudia Octavia .
In 48 , Messalina married her lover Gaius Silius in a public ceremony while Claudius was at Ostia .
The series was later broadcast in the United States on Masterpiece Theatre in 1977 .
Future coup attempts could rally around the pair , and Agrippina was already showing such ambition .
A section of the guard may have planned in advance to seek out Claudius , perhaps with his approval .
Nearly all implicate his final wife , Agrippina , as the instigator .
In 43 , Claudius sent Aulus Plautius with four legions to Britain -LRB- Britannia -RRB- after an appeal from an ousted tribal ally .
The DVD release of the television series contains the The Epic that Never Was documentary .
They do live on as sources for the surviving histories of the Julio-Claudian dynasty .
The consensus of ancient historians was that Claudius was murdered by poison â '' possibly contained in mushrooms or on a feather â '' and died in the early hours of 13 October 54 .
The main sights of Emmetten are : the St. Anna chapel in SchÃ neck , the church St. Jakob und St. Theresia , the chapel of the holy cross with frescos of danse macabre in Sagendorf , and the chapel in Erlen .
Emmetten is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
Also in the neighborhood , in the Valle Bona area , are excavations of Etruscan tombs .
When the Florentine Republic fell in 1530 , Volterra came under the control of the Medici family and later followed the history of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .
Outside the city , in direction of Lajatico , is the Medici Villa di Spedaletto .
Major-General Sir Newton James Moore KCMG -LRB- 17 May 1870 -- 28 October 1936 -RRB- , was the eighth Premier of Western Australia and a member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1918 to 1932 .
`` The Best Damn Thing '' is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne .
Frances has also been nominated for the Academy Award For Best Supporting Actress three times for her performances in Mississippi Burning , Almost Famous , and North Country .
She won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1996 for her role as Marge Gunderson in Fargo .
Frances Louise McDormand -LRB- born June 23 , 1957 -RRB- is an American film , stage , and television actress .
Albert Luque Martos -LRB- born 11 March 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who is currently unattached .
Yoshiro Nakamura -LRB- born 17 October 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Yuji Tsukada -LRB- born December 28 , 1957 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and manager .
But new research has shown it to be rarer than it was believed .
Consequently , it is uplisted to Endangered status in 2008 .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
It was formerly classified as a Vulnerable species by the IUCN .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
Please delete any unused parameters to avoid clutter in the edit window .
Note : this template is currently for testing purposes only .
HTML versions of the IETF documents are created with with the Rfcmarkup tool from Henrik Levkowetz .
Copy a blank version to use .
Remember to use the '' '' -LRB- pipe -RRB- character between each parameter .
Note : All parameter names must be in lowercase .
Except where specifically prohibited in the parameter descriptions below , most parameters can be wikilinked -LRB- e.g. -RRB- , but should generally only be linked to an existing Wikipedia article .
generates generates generates generates The template will give priority to the first of the parameters : , , , or in this order and create an anchor using the first matching parameter .
Any wikilinked parameter must not contain any brackets apart from normal round brackets -- do n't use .
The incidence of dengue fever has increased dramatically over the last 50 years , with around 50 â `` 100 million people being infected yearly .
La CaillÃ re-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
There are four main versions of the Harrier family : Hawker Siddeley Harrier , British Aerospace Sea Harrier , Boeing\/BAE Systems AV-8B Harrier II , and BAE Systems\/Boeing Harrier II . The Hawker Siddeley Harrier is the first generation version and is also known as the AV-8A Harrier .
Versions are used by several NATO countries , including Spain , Italy , and the United States .
While manufacture of new Harriers concluded in 1997 , the last remanufactured aircraft -LRB- Harrier II Plus configuration -RRB- was delivered in December 2003 which ended the Harrier production line .
There was no financial support for the development from HM Treasury , but aid was found through the Mutual Weapon Development Project -LRB- MWDP -RRB- of NATO .
Both were built by companies that are now parts of Boeing and BAE Systems .
Following an approach by the Bristol Engine Company in 1957 that they were planning a directed thrust engine , Hawker Aircraft came up with a design for an aeroplane that could meet the NATO specification for a `` Light Tactical Support Fighter '' .
The BAE Systems\/Boeing Harrier II is a modified version of the AV-8B Harrier II that was used by the Royal Air Force -LRB- RAF -RRB- and the Royal Navy until 2010 .
Between 1969 and 2003 , 824 Harrier variants were delivered .
The South Stand is opposite the main stand and a quarter of this section is used to accommodate traveling supporters , except for Old Firm games , where half of this stand is given to the visiting fans .
For the 2007\/08 season , the change strip was all-white , with a third kit of yellow and black halves available if needed for European games , or in the event of a clash involving both red and white .
The current version of the crest , which retains these elements in a unified design , was introduced at the start of the 1997\/98 season .
Socks were black with gold trim , either as stripes or as a solid bar at the turndown .
The first red strips were worn with white shorts , these were worn with either red or white socks from 1939 until the 1965\/66 season .
The stadium contains 21,600 seats , but due to the directors ' boxes , some sources place this figure at 22,000 .
The newest element is the Richard Donald stand at the East , or Beach End , of the ground , and is named after former chairman Dick Donald .
In the late 1970s an Admiral strip featured five vertical white stripes on the left side of the shirt and shorts , and the early 1980s shirtsâ '' as worn at the 1983 European Cup Winners Cup finalâ '' featured white vertical pinstripes .
The record attendance occurred on 13 March 1954 , when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts .
The logo was completed by the letters FC in smaller type at a level with the ball element .
Shirt sponsorship began in 1987 , and the initial shirt sponsor was JVC .
For the 1904\/05 season , Aberdeen adopted a black and gold striped shirt , which led to the team being nicknamed `` Wasps '' .
At the launch , it was claimed that over a five-year period , around 50 players and staff would be inducted .
In November 1972 , the club unveiled an official crest or logo , designed by Aberdonian graphic designer Donald Addison .
Caretaker managers are not listed .
They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies , both in the same year . Despite competing in the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup finals , both in 2000 , they have not won any silverware since 1995 .
Since then , with the club making fewer appearances on the international stage , shirt sponsors have tended to be more localâ '' they have included one of the local commercial radio stations , Northsound .
The club initially rented the ground , but subsequently bought it in 1920 .
The design represented a capital letter A as the side view of a football goal , with a ball forming the crossbar of the letter .
This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s , when , under the management of Alex Ferguson , they won three league titles , four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup , alongside the European Cup Winners ' Cup and the European Super Cup , both in 1983 .
Later design changes included significant amounts of blue , and a one season reversion to white shorts , although the all-red scheme returned in 1997 .
Aberdeen have no geographically close rivals ; their nearest neighbors at the same level are in the city of Dundee .
Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005\/06 season .
Formed in 1903 as a result of the amalgamation of three clubs from Aberdeen , they rarely challenged for honors until the 1950s , when they won each of the major Scottish trophies under manager Dave Halliday .
The club 's colors have been primarily red and white since 1939 ; before this , they played in black and gold vertical stripes .
The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899 , in a 7 â `` 1 win over Dumbarton ; when they merged with two other teams in 1903 , the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground .
On 15 August 1903 , 8,000 spectators turned up to watch the new Aberdeen draw 1 â `` 1 against Stenhousemuir , the first game played at Pittodrie by its amalgamated tenants .
Aberdeen Football Club -LRB- also known as The Dons , The Dandies or The Reds -RRB- are a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen .
Aberdeen have played throughout their existence at Pittodrie Stadium , the name of which comes from the Pictish for `` place of manure '' .
Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame as part of the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
This is a modern , twoâ `` tier design , completed in 1993 , containing hospitality suites which is significantly taller than the other structures at the ground .
This ball was crosshatched in such a way as to depict it as being inside the net , signifying the scoring of a goal .
In March 1939 , Aberdeen changed the black and gold colors to red and white , reflecting the silver and red colors of the official City of Aberdeen arms .
Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title , in 1984\/85 , and also the last Scottish team to win a European Championship .
The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families .
Only competitive matches are counted .
The Main Stand , which houses the club offices and players facilities , holds the majority of the supporters .
They compete in the Scottish Premier League and are one of the most successful teams in their country , having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups , including a record three in a row during the 1980s , the only time a team other than Rangers has done this since 1882 .
This arrangement has continued to the present day , with several variations in design , in common with most senior clubs as the replica shirt market has expanded .
This badge was used on the shirts from around 1978 , with no significant alterations until the mid-1980s when the words `` Aberdeen Football Club '' were added in a circular border , and the date of the club 's founding , 1903 , was added under the goal element .
This strip , with only minor variations , was worn until just before the start of the Second World War .
In 1978 , Pittodrie became the first all covered , all-seater stadium in Britain .
The ground currently has a capacity of 22,199 and was the first all-seated and all-covered stadium in the United Kingdom .
The stadium consists of four stands .
Pittodrie was also the first football stadium to feature a dugout , an invention of player and coach Donald Colman .
Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium since their inception .
The blue shorts lasted until 1911 , and then were replaced with white ones .
In 1966 , Aberdeen adopted red shorts , making the official kit all-red , similar to that of Liverpool , who made a similar change at around the same time .
Aberdeen attract support from the city and surrounding areas , as they are the only senior team within a wide area .
The club did not have an official crest before 1972 , but several variations on the letters AFC had from time to time featured on the shirt , usually in some kind of cursive font .
Change , or `` away '' , strips have tended to be either white , often with black shorts , or a combination of yellow and black , referring back to the black and gold strips of the pre-war era , although for a time in the 1970s , Aberdeen sported an all-blue change strip with white socks .
Hamilton was the county town of Lanarkshire .
La Chapelle-Hermier is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Catalan -LRB- kÃ tÉ Ë lÃ n , , ; Catalan : catalÃ or -RRB- is a Romance language , the national and the only official language of Andorra , and a co-official language in the Spanish autonomous communities of Catalonia , the Balearic Islands and Valencian Community , where it is known as Valencian -LRB- valenciÃ -RRB- , as well as in the city of Alghero on the Italian island of Sardinia . It is also spoken , with no official recognition , in the autonomous communities of Aragon -LRB- in La Franja -RRB- and Murcia -LRB- in Carche -RRB- in Spain , and in the historic Roussillon region of southern France , roughly equivalent to the current dÃ partement of the PyrÃ nÃ es-Orientales -LRB- Northern Catalonia -RRB- .
The Pioneer program is a series of United States unmanned space missions that was designed for planetary exploration .
Hollerado is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2007 and originally from Manotick , Ontario , Canada .
The line-up includes lead singer and guitarist Menno Versteeg , lead guitarist Nixon Boyd , bassist Dean Baxter , and drummer Jake Boyd . Hollerado also invented Buffalo Wings , in the spring of 2007 .
He discovered some comets , including periodic comet 22P\/Kopff and the non-periodic C\/1906 E1 .
He discovered a number of asteroids , including notably the Trojan asteroids 617 Patroclus and 624 Hektor .
August Kopff -LRB- February 5 , 1882 â `` April 25 , 1960 -RRB- was a German astronomer who discovered several comets and asteroids .
A crater on the Moon is named after him : see Kopff -LRB- crater -RRB- .
Moyles ' autobiography , The Gospel according to Chris Moyles : The Story of One Man and His Mouth was released by Ebury Press on 5 October 2006 .
Christopher David `` Chris '' Moyles -LRB- born 22 February 1974 -RRB- is an English broadcaster , author and DJ , who currently presents The Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1 , and his own show on Channel 4 , Chris Moyles ' Quiz Night .
Lent is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
In 1831 , Orange Township was the birthplace of President James A. Garfield .
Orange Township was settled in 1815 and established as a township in 1820 .
The population was 3,236 at the 2000 census .
Orange Village , the southwest quadrant of the original township , was incorporated as a village in 1929 .
It is an affluent suburb of Cleveland .
Orange is a village in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
This is a list of circuits which have hosted a FIA World Championship race from 1950 to 2010 , or which will host one in .
The longest was circuit was the Pescara Circuit -LRB- 25 km -RRB- which normally held the Coppa Acerbo race , and hosted one World Championship race , the 1957 Pescara Grand Prix .
The first to do so was Silverstone , where the first World Championship race , the 1950 British Grand Prix , was held .
Current circuits -LRB- those tracks which have hosted or will host a race in the 2011 season -RRB- are shown in bold .
One of the most famous is the old NÃ 1\/4 rburgring -LRB- 22 km -RRB- which hosted the German Grand Prix from 1951 to 1976 .
Various different forms of race track have been used throughout the history of Formula One ; purpose-built race tracks such as Suzuka , road tracks such as Spa and city street tracks such as Monaco .
In total , 68 different circuits have hosted World Championship races -LRB- or will do so in 2011 -RRB- .
The Victorian road network services the population centres , with highways generally radiating from Melbourne and other major cities and rural centres with secondary roads interconnecting the highways to each other .
Other popular tourism activities are gliding , hang-gliding , hot air ballooning and scuba diving .
Melbourne Airport is the major domestic and international gateway for the state .
Victoria is the home of Australian rules football , with ten of the seventeen clubs of the Australian Football League based in Victoria , and the traditional Grand Final held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground usually on the last Saturday in September .
Victoria has the highest population density in any state in Australia , with population centres spread out over most of the state ; only the far northwest and the Victorian Alps lack permanent settlement .
Additional seaports are at Westernport , Geelong , and Portland .
Victoria is represented in the National Rugby League by the Melbourne Storm and in Super Rugby by the Melbourne Rebels .
The Port of Melbourne is the largest port for containerised and general cargo in Australia , and is located in Melbourne on the mouth of the Yarra River , which is at the head of Port Phillip .
Villedieu is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Although FTSE is jointly owned by the Financial Times and the London Stock Exchange , the initials are no longer an acronym nor an initialism and do not stand for `` Financial Times Stock Exchange '' , although that is the etymology of the name . They are borrowed from FTSE 's two parent companies .
FTSE 100 companies represent about 81 % of the market capitalization of the whole London Stock Exchange .
She is married to the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Tony Blair ; the couple have 3 sons and 1 daughter .
Cherie Blair QC -LRB- born 23 September 1954 -RRB- , known professionally as Cherie Booth QC , is a British barrister working in the legal system of England and Wales .
Schilde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The six monasteries are built on natural sandstone rock pillars , at the northwestern edge of the Plain of Thessaly near the Pineios river and Pindus Mountains , in central Greece .
The MetÃ ora -LRB- , `` suspended rocks '' , `` suspended in the air '' or `` in the heavens above '' -RRB- is one of the largest and most important complexes of Eastern Orthodox monasteries in Greece , second only to Mount Athos .
The MetÃ ora is included on the UNESCO World Heritage List under criteria I , II , IV , V and VII .
The fifth millennium is a period of time that will begin on January 1 , 4001 , and will end on December 31 , 5000 .
When the tax is levied on the income of companies , it is often called a corporate tax , corporate income tax , or corporation tax .
A property tax is a tax put on property by reason of its ownership .
An ad valorem tax is one where the tax base is the value of a good , service , or property . Sales taxes , tariffs , property taxes , inheritance taxes , and value added taxes are different types of ad valorem tax .
If input tax is greater than output tax the company can claim back money from the Local Tax Authority .
An ad valorem tax is typically imposed at the time of a transaction -LRB- sales tax or value added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- -RRB- but it may be imposed on an annual basis -LRB- property tax -RRB- or in connection with another significant event -LRB- inheritance tax or tariffs -RRB- .
In a 1980 interview , Lennon acknowledged that the Maharishi was the inspiration for the song : `` I just called him ` Sexy Sadie ' . ''
S\/2004 S 13 is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on May 4 , 2005 from observations taken between December 12 , 2004 and March 9 , 2005 .
S\/2004 S 13 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,056 Mm in 905.848 days , at an inclination of 167 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 143 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.261 .
The Royal Academy of Music manages the Royal Academy of Music Bach Prize -LRB- sponsored by the Kohn Foundation -RRB- , a music award to musicians or scholars who have made an important contribution to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach .
AirPort and AirPort Extreme are local area wireless networking products from Apple Inc. based on the IEEE 802.11 standard -LRB- also known as Wi-Fi -RRB- .
Airport Extreme Base Stations do not support NTFS or exFAT volumes . An AirPort Disk is essentially a hard disk connected to an Airport Extreme Base Station or Time Capsule -LRB- though Airport Express does not support it -RRB- .
The name comes from the Greek hapsis , touch , and nema , thread .
The cells typically have two slightly unequal flagella , both of which are smooth , and a unique organelle called a haptonema , which is superficially similar to a flagellum but differs in the arrangement of microtubules and in its use .
Both molecular and morphological evidence supports their division into five orders ; coccolithophores make up the Isochrysidales and Coccolithales .
The haptophytes , classified either as the Prymnesiophyta or Haptophyta , are a division of algae .
The Japanese and Chinese traditions in particular include hundreds of types of joints , many of which do not use glue or nails .
For example , the joinery used to build a house is different from that used to make puzzle toys , although some concepts overlap .
Many traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without resorting to mechanical fasteners or adhesives .
While every culture in which pieces of wood are joined together to make furniture or structures has a joinery tradition , wood joinery techniques have been especially well documented and celebrated in the Chinese , European , and Japanese traditions .
Wood is stronger when stressed along the grain -LRB- longitudinally -RRB- than it is when stressed across the grain -LRB- radially and tangentially -RRB- .
Many wood joinery techniques either depend upon or compensate for the fact that wood is anisotropic : its material properties are different along different dimensions .
Lansbury is related by marriage to actress Ally Sheedy , wife of her nephew David Lansbury .
Angela Brigid Lansbury was born in Poplar , London , to Irish-born actress Moyna MacGill and politician Edgar Lansbury , a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and former mayor of the London borough of Poplar . Her paternal grandfather was the Labor Party leader George Lansbury .
EasyJet Airline Company Limited -LRB- styled as easyJet -RRB- is a British airline headquartered at London Luton Airport .
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
It was named in March 2005 after Carpo , one of the Horae , and a daughter of Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- .
Carpo is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 17,145 Mm in 458.625 days , at an inclination of 56 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 55 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , and with a high eccentricity of 0.4316 .
It was discovered by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 , and was provisionally designated as ' until it received its name in early 2005 .
Chandpur has 6 municipalities , 60 wards , 195 mahallas , 7 upazilas , 1 thana , 87 union parishads and 1226 villages .
It is bounded by Munshiganj District and Comilla District on the north , Noakhali District , Lakshmipur District and Barisal District on the south , Comilla District on the east , and Meghna River , Shariatpur District and Munshiganj District on the west .
Chandpur district has a total area of 1704.06 square kilometers .
Chandpur is the confluence of two of the mightiest rivers of Bangladesh . . the Padma River -LRB- the main branch of the Ganges River -RRB- and the Meghna River , which meet near Chandpur Town .
The administrative subdivisions called upazilas are :
Muslim - 92.55 % , Hindu - 7.18 % , Buddhist - 0.06 % , Christian - 0.07 % and Others - 0.14 % .
The municipalities are Chandpur Sadar , Shahrasti , Matlab , Changer Char and Hajiganj .
Yo -LRB- Ð Ñ ` ; italics : Ð Ñ ` -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
December starts on the same day of the week as September every year . December ends on the same day of the week as April every year .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
December was also the tenth month in the Roman calendar until a monthless winter period was divided between January and February .
In Latin , decem means `` ten '' .
FÃ lix Dja Ettien -LRB- born 26 September 1979 -RRB- is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for UD Alzira in Spain .
It is a widespread , and well known group of over 375 species , many of which are closely related apomictic microspecies native throughout the temperate northern hemisphere and South America .
Blackberries and raspberries are also called caneberries or brambles .
The blackberry is an edible fruit produced by any of several species in the Rubus genus of the Rosaceae family .
Sommeri is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Corning is perhaps best known as the birthplace of Johnny Carson . Daniel Webster Turner , who was governor of Iowa from 1931 to 1933 , was born in Corning on March 17 , 1877 .
Bhangra dance began as a folk dance conducted by Punjabi Sikh farmers to celebrate the coming of the harvest season .
All American beans at that time were vine plants , `` bush beans '' having only been bred more recently . The cornstalks would work as a trellis for the beans , and the beans would provide much-needed nitrogen for the corn .
In English usage , the word `` beans '' is also sometimes used to mean the seeds or pods of plants that are not in the family Leguminosae , but which bear a superficial resemblance to true beans , for example coffee beans , castor beans and cocoa beans -LRB- which resemble bean seeds -RRB- , and vanilla beans -LRB- which resemble the pods -RRB- .
It may have also fed upon sea turtles , fish , and other aquatic and terrestrial prey .
It had large , robust teeth that were built for crushing , and its back was covered with thick semispherical osteoderms .
Deinosuchus was probably capable of killing and eating large dinosaurs .
Deinosuchus fossils have been found in ten U.S. states , as well as northern Mexico .
Deinosuchus reached its largest size in its western habitat , but the eastern populations were far more abundant .
Opinion remains divided as to whether these two populations represent separate species .
One study indicates that Deinosuchus may have lived for up to 50 years , growing at a similar rate to that of modern crocodilians , but maintaining this growth over a much longer period of time .
Although Deinosuchus was far larger than any modern crocodile or alligatorâ '' measuring up to 12 m and weighing up to 8.5 Mâ '' its overall appearance was fairly similar to its smaller relatives .
It lived on both sides of the Western Interior Seaway , and was an opportunistic apex predator in the coastal regions of eastern North America .
In Major League Baseball , the National League Championship Series -LRB- NLCS -RRB- is a round in the postseason that determines who wins the National League pennant and advances to Major League Baseball 's championship , the World Series , facing the winner of the American League Championship Series .
Petra Haden -LRB- born October 11 , 1971 in New York City -RRB- is an American violinist and singer .
Russellville is a city in and the county seat of Logan County , Kentucky , United States .
It is named for General William Russell , a Revolutionary War soldier and frontier leader .
Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Edgewater is a city in Volusia County , Florida , in the United States .
By the early 9th century the former territories of the Kamsarakans in Arsharunik and Shirak -LRB- including Ani -RRB- had been incorporated into the territories of the Armenian Bagratuni dynasty .
These include a convent known as the Virgins ' chapel ; a church used by Chalcedonian Armenians ; the remains of a single-arched bridge over the Arpa river ; the ruins of numerous oil-presses and several bath houses ; the remains of a second mosque with a collapsed minaret ; a palace that probably dates from the 13th century ; the foundations of several other palaces and smaller residences ; the recently excavated remains of several streets lined with shops ; etc.
At its height , Ani had a population of 100,000 â `` 200,000 people and was the rival of Constantinople , Baghdad and Cairo .
It was once the capital of a medieval Armenian kingdom that covered much of present day Armenia and eastern Turkey .
There are many other minor monuments at Ani .
Ani -LRB- , Greek : Î ` Î 1\/2 Î Î Î 1\/2 , Latin : Abnicum -RRB- is a ruined and uninhabited medieval Armenian city-site situated in the Turkish province of Kars , beside the border with Armenia .
Their leader , Ashot Msaker -LRB- Ashot the Meateater -RRB- -LRB- 806-827 -RRB- was given the title of ishkhan -LRB- prince -RRB- of Armenia by the Caliphate in 804 .
Long ago renowned for its splendor and magnificence , Ani has been abandoned and largely forgotten for centuries .
`` Boom Boom Pow '' is a song by The Black Eyed Peas released as the lead single from their fifth studio album , The E.N.D. .
It is the home of The Royal Opera , The Royal Ballet and the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House .
The Royal Opera House is an opera house and major performing arts venue in Covent Garden , central London .
The Siege of Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2 , 1187 .
In Tyre , Balian of Ibelin had asked Saladin for safe passage to Jerusalem in order to retrieve his wife Maria Comnena and their family . Saladin granted his request , provided that Balian not take up arms against him and not remain in Jerusalem for more than one day .
Cyanobacteria are thought to be largely responsible for increasing the amount of oxygen in the primeval earth 's atmosphere through their continuing photosynthesis .
The East End of London , also known simply as the East End , is the area of London , England , east of the medieval walled City of London and north of the River Thames , although it is not defined by universally accepted formal boundaries .
It is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
On the London City Airport extension there is a station planned south-east of here called Thames Wharf , depending mainly on the regeneration of the area .
It is served by the London Underground Jubilee line , the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- and local buses operated for London Buses .
The North London Line platforms are being redeveloped as part of the extension of the DLR from Canning Town to Stratford International via , which would see a more frequent service to , although passengers to NLL destinations beyond will have to change .
Canning Town station is an inter-modal transport interchange in Canning Town , northeast London , England .
Markham is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Upon making his debut in WWE , Ryder formed a tag team with Curt Hawkins where they would go on to capture the WWE Tag Team Championship .
Matthew Cardona -LRB- born May 14 , 1985 -RRB- better known by his ring name Zack Ryder , is an American professional wrestler . He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- working on its Raw brand .
The Acid Survivors Foundation is a Bangladeshi organization dedicated to raising awareness and preventing acid attacks and providing survivors with medical and legal aid .
`` Innocent '' is a single that was released by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace in late summer of 2002 from their album Gravity .
It was written by lead vocalist Raine Maida .
Raine stated in 2002 that `` Innocent '' was one of his favorite songs from Gravity . `` I wrote this song over a year ago and I was originally hesitant to play it for the band , but once we got into the studio and began working with Bob we were able to make it an Our Lady Peace song . ''
Uncle John 's Bathroom Readers are a series of books containing trivia and short essays on miscellaneous topics , ostensibly for reading in the bathroom .
Velpur is a village and a Mandal in West godavri district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Rembrandt is a city in Buena Vista County , Iowa , United States .
Astrid asks Ingrid about her father and Barry and then Annie , Ingrid is shattered to learn that Astrid remembers Annie at all , and tells Astrid that Annie was a babysitter who Ingrid left Astrid with for over a year , making Astrid realize why she fears abandonment from her mother . Astrid lets Ingrid know how damaged she is because of what Ingrid did to her .
However , their case depends on Astrid â '' if she testifies that Ingrid did not murder Barry , Ingrid could probably get out , but if she testifies the truth , Ingrid could not win her case .
Astrid is taken in by a former actress named Claire Richards , and her husband , Ron .
Claire does everything she can to ensure Astrid 's comfort . For once , Astrid is doing well in school and pursuing art .
Ingrid and her lawyer begin to build up a case to get Ingrid released from prison .
Astrid 's final home is with Russian immigrant Rena Grushenka . She intentionally chooses Rena over better prospective foster parents because she is devastated by Claire 's death and does not want to become part of a nuclear family .
Astrid continues corresponding with her mother in prison , but Astrid becomes increasingly bitter towards Ingrid .
Thus , it dissolves readily in alkaline solutions to give arsenites .
Arsenic trioxide is the inorganic compound with the formula As2O3 .
Arsenic trioxide can be generated via many routine processing of arsenic compounds including the oxidation -LRB- combustion -RRB- of arsenic and arsenic-containing minerals in air .
Arsenic trioxide is the inorganic compound with the formula As2O3 . This commercially important oxide of arsenic is the main precursor to other arsenic compounds , including organoarsenic compounds .
It is less soluble in acids , although it will dissolve in hydrochloric acid , giving chloro compounds , ultimately arsenic trichloride with concentrated acid .
Only with strong oxidizing agents such as ozone , hydrogen peroxide , and nitric acid does it give arsenic pentoxide , As2O5 .
It is usually obvious within two or three weeks of a House election who the new Speaker will be . Previous Speakers have been minority leaders -LRB- when the majority party changes , as they are already the House party leader , and as the minority leader is usually their party 's nominee for speaker -RRB- , or majority leaders -LRB- upon departure of the current speaker in the majority party -RRB- , assuming that the party leadership hierarchy is followed .
The office was established in 1789 by Article 1 , Section 2 of the United States Constitution , which states in part , `` The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker ... '' The current speaker is John Boehner , a Republican who represents Ohio 's 8th congressional district .
The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives , or Speaker of the House , is the presiding officer of the United States House of Representatives .
The Class 175 Coradia is a type of diesel multiple unit passenger train used in the United Kingdom .
The fleet of 27 sets were built from 1999 to 2001 by Alstom at Washwood Heath in Birmingham .
Ten Who Dared is a movie made by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1960 .
It tells the story of United States Army officer John Wesley Powell , who was the first to travel down the Colorado River , and the dangers that he and nine other men had to face while making a map of the region during their 1869 expedition .
The native people of Kiribati are called I-Kiribati . The word Kiribati is the local spelling of the word Gilbert and the original name of this British colony was the Gilbert Islands .
The Gilbert Islands became independent as Kiribati on 12 July 1979 .
In 1892 the Gilbert Islands consented to become a British protectorate together with the nearby Ellice Islands .
The people of Kiribati speak an Oceanic language called `` Gilbertese '' .
Tarawa was the site of one of the bloodiest battles in US Marine Corps history . Marines landed in November 1943 ; the Battle of Tarawa was fought at Kiribati 's former capital Betio on Tarawa Atoll .
The city was initially founded between 1771 and 1776 but was soon after abandoned during the War of Independence .
DajabÃ n is the capital city of the DajabÃ n province in the Dominican Republic , located on the border with Haiti .
For this achievement Lord Cochrane became 1st Marques of MaranhÃ # o and Governor of the Province of MaranhÃ # o.
To the north is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
MaranhÃ # o is one of the states of Brazil in the north-eastern region .
Neighboring states are -LRB- from east clockwise -RRB- PiauÃ , Tocantins and ParÃ .
Quinton Fortune -LRB- born 21 May 1977 -RRB- is a South African footballer who has represented a number of European clubs including Manchester United , Atletico Madrid and Bolton Wanderers .
The district is administratively subdivided into three talukhas :
Zonhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
Ã lvaro MejÃ a PÃ rez -LRB- born January 18 , 1982 in Madrid -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Konyaspor in Turkey , mainly as a central defender .
The Kia Picanto , known as the Kia Morning in South Korea and Chile , Kia EuroStar in Taiwan , Kia New Morning in Vietnam and the Naza Suria or Naza Picanto in Malaysia , is a low cost city car produced by Kia Motors .
The book and its sequel , The Road Back , were among the books banned and burned in Nazi Germany .
`` LoveGame '' is an electropop song by American recording artist Lady Gaga from her debut album , The Fame -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
Warrenville is a city in DuPage County , Illinois , United States .
As a matter of technicality , every eligible person not selected in the league 's draft , is considered an undrafted sportsperson .
An undrafted sportsperson or undrafted free agent is specific type of sportsperson who plays , or attempts to play , in a professional sports league .
Puybarban is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Administratively , it forms a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in north-western France .
Ã le-de-Br Ã hat is an island located near Paimpol , a mile off the northern coast of Brittany .
Yuzo Tamura is a retired Japanese football player .
Scottish Labor currently hold 46 of 129 seats in the Scottish Parliament , 41 of 59 Scottish seats in the UK Parliament 's House of Commons and 2 of 6 Scottish seats in the European Parliament .
Linebacker Ray Lewis made 11 tackles , 6 assists , and blocked 4 passes and was named Super Bowl MVP . Lewis became the second linebacker to win the Super Bowl MVP award -LRB- see also Chuck Howley -RRB- .
Super Bowl XXXV was played on January 28 , 2001 at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida to decide the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- champion following the 2000 regular season .
The American Football Conference -LRB- AFC -RRB- champion Baltimore Ravens -LRB- 16 -- 4 -RRB- defeated the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- champion New York Giants -LRB- 14 -- 5 -RRB- , 34 -- 7 .
Also , the city of Baltimore had its first Super Bowl title in 30 years .
Malcolm McDowell -LRB- born 13 June 1943 -RRB- is an English actor with a career spanning over forty years .
The Falkirk Stadium is a football stadium in Falkirk in central Scotland , which plays host to the home matches of Falkirk .
While most colubrids are nonvenomous -LRB- or have venom that is n't known to be harmful to humans -RRB- and are mostly harmless , a few groups , such as genus Boiga , can produce medically significant bites , while the boomslang and the twig snakes have caused human fatalities .
It is a broad classification of snakes that includes about two thirds of all snake species on earth .
A colubrid -LRB- from Latin coluber , snake -RRB- is a snake that is a member of the family Colubridae .
Following the news of his death , Scott became an iconic British hero , a status maintained for more than 50 years and reflected by the many permanent memorials erected across the nation .
From a previously unassailable position , Scott became a figure of controversy , with questions raised about his competence and character .
However , having taken this step , his name became inseparably associated with the Antarctic , the field of work to which he remained committed during the final twelve years of his life .
During this second venture , Scott led a party of five which reached the South Pole on 17 January 1912 , only to find that they had been preceded by Roald Amundsen 's Norwegian expedition .
In the closing decades of the 20th century , the legend was reassessed as attention focused on the causes of the disaster that ended his and his comrades ' lives , and the extent of Scott 's personal culpability .
Captain Robert Falcon Scott CVO -LRB- 6 June 1868 â `` 29 March 1912 -RRB- was a Royal Navy officer and explorer who led two expeditions to the Antarctic regions : the Discovery Expedition , 1901 -- 04 , and the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition , 1910 -- 13 .
On their return journey , Scott and his four comrades all perished from a combination of exhaustion , starvation and extreme cold .
It was the chance for personal distinction that led Scott to apply for the Discovery command , rather than any predilection for polar exploration .
Before his appointment to lead the Discovery Expedition , Scott had followed the conventional career of a naval officer in peacetime Victorian Britain , where opportunities for career advancement were both limited and keenly sought after by ambitious officers .
Ã terville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Acne is a general term used for acneiform eruptions . It is usually used as a synonym for acne vulgaris , but may also refer to :
The musical film was a natural development of the stage musical .
Musical films characteristically contain elements reminiscent of theater ; performers often treat their song and dance numbers as if there is a live audience watching .
Typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .
The Handmaid 's Tale received the very first Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1987 .
The Norway national football team represents Norway in association football and is controlled by the Football Association of Norway , the governing body for football in Norway .
No rational number is transcendental and all real transcendental numbers are irrational .
In mathematics , a transcendental number is a number -LRB- possibly a complex number -RRB- which is not algebraicâ '' that is , it is not a root of a non-constant polynomial equation with rational coefficients . The most prominent examples of transcendental numbers are Ï and e. Though only a few classes of transcendental numbers are known -LRB- in part , because it can be extremely difficult to show that a given number is transcendental -RRB- transcendental numbers are not rare : indeed , almost all real and complex numbers are transcendental , since the algebraic numbers are countable while the sets of real and complex numbers are uncountable .
However , some irrational numbers are not transcendental .
Alexander Pereira Cardoso -LRB- born March 15 , 1975 in Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais -RRB- , most commonly known as Alex Mineiro , is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for AtlÃ tico Paranaense .
She was featured in the annual Maxim `` Hot 100 '' list in 2002 , 2003 , 2005 and 2008 and in FHMs `` 100 Sexiest Women '' of 2005 .
Throughout its seven seasons and a total of 144 episodes , Buffy , and by extension Gellar , became cult icons in the United States , Canada , the UK and Australia , particularly as an archetype of an `` empowered '' woman .
Gellar has appeared on the covers of Cosmopolitan , Glamour , FHM , Rolling Stone , and other magazines .
At the audition , Gellar read both her own lines and those of Harper , impressing the directors enough to cast her in the role .
Another actress voiced Buffy for an animated series based on the show , which never aired , and the various Buffy video games .
She subsequently appeared in a controversial television commercial for Burger King , in which her character criticized McDonald 's and claimed to eat only at Burger King .
Gellar was estranged from her father until his death from liver cancer on October 9 , 2001 .
Gellar was born in New York City .
Cruel Intentions -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , a modern-day retelling of Les Liaisons dangereuses featured a kiss between Gellar and co-star Selma Blair that won the two the `` Best Kiss '' award at the 2000 MTV Movie Awards .
Both of her parents were Jewish , though Gellar 's family had a Christmas tree during the holidays while she was growing up .
Gellar met her future husband Freddie Prinze , Jr. , during filming of the 1997 teen horror film I Know What You Did Last Summer , but the two did not begin dating until 2000 .
They were engaged in April 2001 and married in Mexico on September 1 , 2002 in a ceremony officiated by Adam Shankman , a film director and choreographer with whom Gellar had worked on Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Critic Roger Ebert stated that Gellar and co-star Ryan Phillippe `` develop a convincing emotional charge '' and that Gellar is `` effective as a bright girl who knows exactly how to use her act as a tramp '' .
In 1995 , at the age of eighteen , she won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series for the role .
Gellar sang several of the songs during the Buffy the Vampire Slayer musical episode `` Once More , with Feeling '' , which spawned an original cast album .
In 1984 , when she was 7 years old , her parents divorced and she was brought up solely by her mother on the Upper East Side .
This film was a modest hit at the box office , grossing over $ 38 million in the United States and over $ 75 million worldwide , and earned several awards and nominations .
Gellar learned that she needed clearance from the Japanese government to remove the sword from the country and , after eventually succeeding , stated that it was `` incredibly difficult '' to do .
ads as well as in the Stone Temple Pilots music video `` Sour Girl '' and Marcy Playground music video `` Comin ' Up From Behind '' . In 2007 , she was ranked # 54 on FHM Hot 100 List and was a celebrity spokesperson for Maybelline .
She is the only child of Rosellen -LRB- nÃ e Greenfield -RRB- , a nursery school teacher , and Arthur Gellar , a garment worker .
Gellar 's first major break came in 1992 , when she starred in the serial Swans Crossing and was subsequently cast in the soap opera All My Children , playing Kendall Hart , the long-lost daughter of character Erica Kane -LRB- Susan Lucci -RRB- .
Gellar left All My Children in 1995 .
Two weeks later , she auditioned for a part in An Invasion of Privacy , a made-for-television film starring Valerie Harper , Carol Kane and Jeff Daniels .
In 2004 , while filming The Grudge in Japan , Gellar visited the famous Japanese swordsmith Shoji Yoshihara -LRB- Kuniie III -RRB- and bought a katana from him as a birthday present for her husband .
Gellar has said in interviews that she believes in God , but does not belong to an organized religion .
At the age of four , she was spotted by an agent in a restaurant in Uptown Manhattan .
In 1998 , she was named one of Peoples `` 50 Most Beautiful People -LRB- in the World -RRB- '' .
After roles in the popular thrillers I Know What You Did Last Summer and Scream 2 -LRB- both 1997 -RRB- , she starred in the 1999 film Simply Irresistible , a romantic comedy .
Any maze can be topologically mapped onto a three-dimensional maze .
The American Civil Liberties Union -LRB- ACLU -RRB- consists of two separate non-profit organizations : the ACLU Foundation , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- organization which focuses on litigation and communication efforts , and the American Civil Liberties Union , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- organization which focuses on legislative lobbying . The ACLU 's stated mission is `` to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties guaranteed to every person in this country by the Constitution and laws of the United States . ''
Founded in 1920 by Crystal Eastman , Roger Baldwin and Walter Nelles , the ACLU was the successor organization to the earlier National Civil Liberties Bureau founded during World War I. The ACLU reported over 500,000 members in 2010 .
Croydon is split up by a number of different areas in the same borough . Fairfield , Broad Green , West Croydon and South Croydon make up the rest of Croydon , but are known as separate areas in their own right .
Cortina d'Ampezzo had been awarded the games in June 1939 , but due to World War II , the 1944 Winter Olympics were canceled in 1941 .
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics , which would have been officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games -LRB- due to the cancellation of 1940 's V Olympic Winter Games -RRB- , were to be celebrated in February 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
The V Olympic Winter Games eventually took place in St. Moritz , Switzerland , in 1948 ; Cortina d'Ampezzo hosted the 1956 Winter Olympics .
This is the calendar for any leap year starting on Tuesday -LRB- dominical letter FE -RRB- , such as 200 , 1980 , or 2008 .
Valdez is located at .
Doncaster also used to have a successful men 's basketball team called the Doncaster Panthers .
Within the region , Doncaster is being recognized an important European hub with developments such as a new international airport , Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield which opened in 2005 .
Of the total nuclear fuel used today , MOX provides 2 % .
MOX fuel , consisting of 7 % plutonium mixed with depleted uranium , is equivalent to uranium oxide fuel enriched to about 4.5 % , assuming that the plutonium has about 60 â `` 65 % .
Mixed oxide fuel , commonly referred to as MOX fuel , is nuclear fuel that contains more than one oxide of fissile material .
MOX fuel contains plutonium blended with natural uranium , reprocessed uranium , or depleted uranium . MOX fuel is an alternative to the low-enriched uranium -LRB- LEU -RRB- fuel used in the light water reactors that predominate nuclear power generation .
The International Agency for Research on Cancer -LRB- IARC -RRB- recognizes arsenic and arsenic compounds as group 1 carcinogens , and the EU lists arsenic trioxide , arsenic pentoxide and arsenate salts as category 1 carcinogens .
When heated in air , arsenic oxidizes to arsenic trioxide ; the fumes from this reaction have an odour resembling garlic .
The yellow form has a density of 1.97 g\/cm3 .
It is rapidly transformed into the gray arsenic by light .
Elemental arsenic and arsenic compounds are classified as `` toxic '' and `` dangerous for the environment '' in the European Union under directive 67\/548\/EEC .
Arsenic makes arsenic acid with concentrated nitric acid , arsenious acid with dilute nitric acid , and arsenic trioxide with concentrated sulfuric acid .
This unstable allotrope , being molecular , is the most volatile , least dense and most toxic .
The three most common allotropes are metallic gray , yellow and black arsenic .
Minerals with the formula MAsS and MAs2 -LRB- M = Fe , Ni , Co -RRB- are the dominant commercial sources of arsenic , together with realgar -LRB- an arsenic sulfide mineral -RRB- and native arsenic .
Meanwhile , arsenic poisoning as a result of the natural occurrence of arsenic compounds in drinking water remains a problem for many parts of the world including the United States .
Nuiqsut is a city in North Slope Borough , Alaska , United States .
William `` Bill '' Maher , Jr. -LRB- ; born January 20 , 1956 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , television host , political commentator , author and actor .
Before his current role as the host of HBO 's Real Time with Bill Maher , Maher hosted a similar late-night talk show called Politically Incorrect originally on Comedy Central and later on ABC .
Data storage equipment uses either :
Most electronically processed data storage media -LRB- including some forms of computer data storage -RRB- are considered permanent -LRB- non-volatile -RRB- storage , that is , the data will remain stored when power is removed from the device .
Nitromethane is generally added to the methanol to increase power and to make the engine easier to tune .
Glow fuel is a generic term used to describe a fuel source used in model engines -- generally the same or similar fuels can be used in model airplanes , helicopters , cars and boats .
Methanol is usually the primary ingredient , as it provides the bulk of the fuel and is also needed as a solvent for the other ingredients .
The oils included in glow fuel generally are not burned by the engine , and are expelled out the exhaust of the engine .
Other commonly used names are nitro or just model fuel .
Note that the nitro name is generally inaccurate , as nitromethane is usually not the primary ingredient , and in fact many glow fuels , especially the so-called `` FAI '' type , named for the FÃ dÃ ration AÃ ronautique Internationale , which requires such fuel in some forms of aeromodeling competition , contain no nitromethane at all .
A given amount of nitromethane contains less energy than the same amount of methanol , but it requires less oxygen to burn -LRB- approximately half -RRB- , so more of it can be put into an engine during each stroke and this leads to a higher power output .
Glow fuel can be burned by very simple two stroke engines or by more complicated four stroke engines and these engines can provide impressive amounts of power for their very small size .
Nitromethane is often difficult to obtain in many countries since it is known as an explosive , so in these countries glow fuel generally has no nitromethane at all .
Four stroke model engines , since they are generally designed to be simple powerplants while still incorporating the usual ccmshaft , rocker arms and poppet valves of larger sized four stroke engines , are generally meant to use glow ignition and their fuel .
For racing use , the nitromethane content can be increased well above 30 % with a corresponding increase in cost , but some methanol is still required as it 's needed to allow the glow plug to ignite the fuel in the first place , and as a solvent to allow the lubricants and nitromethane to mix , so the nitromethane content usually does n't go any higher than 65 % .
Its presence is also required for the glow plug generally found in model engines to burn via a catalytic reaction .
The most commonly used lubricants are castor oil and synthetic oils , and many glow fuels include a mixture of the two .
Glow fuel is generally a mixture of methanol , nitromethane and oil .
Curtains come in a variety of shapes , materials , sizes , colors and patterns , and they often have their own sections within department stores , while some shops are completely dedicated to selling curtains .
It was discovered by Seth Barnes Nicholson in 1938 at Mount Wilson Observatory and is named after the mythological Lysithea , daughter of Oceanus and one of Zeus ' lovers .
Lysithea did n't receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as ' .
They are continuously changing due to solar and planetary perturbations .
It belongs to the Himalia group , five moons orbiting between 11 and 13 Gm from Jupiter at an inclination of about 28.3 Â .
It was sometimes called `` Demeter '' from 1955 to 1975 .
Lysithea is a prograde irregular satellite of Jupiter .
Its orbital elements are as of January 2000 .
A gear is a toothed wheel designed to transmit torque to another gear or toothed component .
Courts are marked out with painted lines on town streets , but there is no net , and players can move between sides .
Similar to real tennis , a second bounce can result in a `` chase '' rather than an outright point , marked in chalk where the ball stops rolling .
Pallacorda -LRB- or palla della corda -RRB- is an extinct form of the game where a cord was strung across the street .
because players call out eh !
Small hand-made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover .
Play does stop for oncoming automobiles .
before serving .
Palla -LRB- Italian for ball -RRB- is a traditional Tuscan ball game played in towns between Siena and Grosseto .
The game is played by facing teams who strike -LRB- not catch -RRB- the ball with either a bare or gloved hand .
Pisa , Prato , Rome , Siena , and various Tuscan towns still have streets named via Pallacorda or via Della Corda .
Adjacent buildings , objects , and sometimes spectators , are considered `` in play . ''
La Roque-sur-Pernes is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The government of Saint Helena produces its own coinage and banknotes . The Bank of Saint Helena was established on Saint Helena and Ascension Island in the year 2004 .
Saint Helena -LRB- Saint Ha-LEE-na -RRB- , named after St Helena of Constantinople , is an island of volcanic origin in the South Atlantic Ocean .
It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena , Ascension and Tristan da Cunha which also includes Ascension Island and the islands of Tristan da Cunha .
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
It was released in 1982 , and went on to be very popular , reaching # 2 on both US and UK singles charts .
It was included in the 1983 album Killer on the Rampage , and has been covered by several other artists since then . The song is named after Electric Avenue , a market street in the Brixton area of London , England .
`` Electric Avenue '' is a song by Eddy Grant .
In Malaysia it is called a kuali -LRB- small wok -RRB- or kawa -LRB- big wok -RRB- . In the Philippines it is known as a kawali and also called a `` wadjang '' .
Montcavrel is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-Gen Ã s-de-Castillon is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Its name , Casineria , is a latinization of Cheese Bay , the site near Edinburgh , where it was found .
Casineria was a tetrapod which lived 340 million years ago in the Mississippian epoch .
Casineria was a very small animal , total length is estimated to have been a mere 15 centimeters .
Louise Ã lisabeth de France -LRB- Marie Louise Ã lisabeth ; 14 August 1727 â `` 6 December 1759 -RRB- was the eldest daughter of King Louis XV of France and his Queen consort , Maria LeszczyÅ ska , and the elder twin sister of Anne Henriette de France .
Ã lisabeth 's twin sister Henriette died in 1752 , and Ã lisabeth returned to France in September to visit her tomb at Saint-Denis .
Ã lisabeth returned to France again in September 1757 , to arrange the marriage of her daughter Isabella to the Archduke Joseph of Austria , the future Emperor Joseph II .
Ã lisabeth was able to leave Spain in 1748 . In the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle -LRB- 1748 -RRB- which ended the War of the Austrian Succession , Holy Roman Empress Maria Theresa had to cede the duchies of Parma , Piacenza and Guastalla to her enemy , Philip V of Spain .
She was expected to stay for only a few weeks , but remained in Versailles for almost a year .
She married Infante Philip , younger son of Philip V of Spain , and later became Duchess of Parma .
Ã lisabeth was bored when she returned to Parma , and sought a wider realm to rule .
Their tombs were desecrated in 1793 , during the French Revolution .
The marriage took place in 1760 .
Afterwards , she was known as Madame Infante at the court of Louis XV .
She was buried on 27 March 1760 at Saint-Denis Basilica beside her twin sister , Henriette .
Ã lisabeth fell ill while she was at Versailles , and died of smallpox on 6 December 1759 .
She allied herself with Empress Maria Theresa , who promised Ã lisabeth the throne of the Southern Netherlands -LRB- now Belgium -RRB- , which had been returned to Austrian rule under the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle .
At Louis XV 's instigation , Philip and Ã lisabeth became Duke and Duchess of Parma .
The twelve-year-old Ã lisabeth was married by proxy on 26 August 1739 , not having met her future husband beforehand .
She was known at court as Madame Royale , Madame PremiÃ re , Madame Ã lisabeth , and also as Babette within her family circle .
Note that MediaWiki only parses the code when the category page is re-rendered .
When this template is placed on a category page it can count the number of items in the category -LRB- pages + images + subcategories -RRB- .
Then it can be set to automatically only report when the number of items is above some limit .
This template puts the pages into : Category : Wikipedia backlog , where any editor can see where work needs to be done .
Thus we often do n't want to know about a backlog until it has reached some size .
Usually this template is used without any parameters , then it is always visible until it is manually removed .
Often it is more efficient to handle several cases in a backlog at a time , since then we are up to speed with what needs to be done .
-LRB- We fed 0 here to make it show in this documentation , but in real usage it would show the value 10 . -RRB-
That is , when someone views the page and it is more than one week since it was last re-rendered .
This template automatically shows the appropriate style depending on what kind of page it is shown on .
It can be put at the top of pages and categories that have a backlog which require attention .
The style above is for `` other '' pages such as `` Wikipedia : '' pages , and the style shown in the examples below is for category pages .
The autoreport limit can be set to whatever value you prefer .
A backlog is a list of things that need to be done and that have not been done for some time .
This is the message box .
To get an immediate change you can purge the page , for instance by clicking the button in the template .
Thus it can take a week before this template changes when the number of items have changed .
-LRB- But if no one visits the page then it can take forever . -RRB-
As of the 2000 census , the town had a total population of 39,328 .
Jupiter is a town located in Palm Beach County , Florida .
As of 2006 , the population had grown to 50,028 , according to the University of Florida , Bureau of Economic and Business Research .
Saint-Michel-de-Castelnau is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , spray , and lozenge forms .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is an antitussive -LRB- cough suppressant -RRB- drug .
Its mechanism of action is via multiple effects , including actions as a nonselective serotonin reuptake inhibitor and a sigma-1 receptor agonist and the action of its major metabolite dextrorphan as an NMDA receptor antagonist , producing effects similar to those of the controlled substances ketamine and phencyclidine -LRB- PCP -RRB- , as well as the active metabolite 3-methoxymorphinan which produces anesthetic effects in rats with a potency above dextrorphan but below dextromethorphan itself .
In its pure form , dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder .
Dextromethorphan has also found other uses in medicine , ranging from pain relief to psychological applications .
Currently they have no children and live in Germany .
Jason however never played a game with the Lightning , playing for their affiliate coincidentally still the Springfield Falcons .
Jaspers made his NHL debut in the same season , after he received his first NHL call-up on January 20 , 2002 .
Jaspers finally left the Falcons , ranking second in all-time appearances , in the 2006 â `` 07 season when he signed with German team Adler Mannheim , on July 6 , 2006 .
Jaspers was drafted 71st overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft .
Jason Jaspers -LRB- born April 8 , 1981 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- , is a professional ice hockey center who is currently playing for KÃ lner Haie -LRB- the Cologne Sharks -RRB- of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Morgan is from Sudbury , Ontario where Jason played junior hockey for the Sudbury Wolves .
In July 2008 Jason married his highschool sweetheart , Morgan McKee .
He was drafted from the Sudbury Wolves of the Ontario Hockey League .
Jaspers made his professional debut in the 2001 â `` 02 season with the Coyotes affiliate the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League .
Unable to crack the NHL regularly he was traded by the Coyotes to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Jarrod Skalde on July 25 , 2005 .
After three years with Adler Mannheim signed on April 6 , 2009 , with KÃ lner Haie .
Jaspers then spent the next four years primarily with the Falcons of the AHL .
Note that the current trade nomenclature for charcoal is `` lump charcoal '' and that products sold as `` charcoal briquettes '' are not actually charcoal , but are made from coal or coke .
Reformism is the belief that gradual democratic changes in a society can ultimately change a society 's fundamental economic relations and political structures .
This belief grew out of opposition to revolutionary socialism , which contends that revolutions are necessary to fundamentally change a society .
La Roche-en-Ardenne is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
From 1992 to 2003 , Pauley co-hosted NBC 's Dateline NBC .
After leaving The Today Show , Pauley hosted Real Life with Jane Pauley and served as deputy anchor for NBC Nightly News .
She is known for her wedding gown collection .
Vera Ellen Wang -LRB- ; born June 27 , 1949 -RRB- is a Chinese American fashion designer based in New York .
See also : Philosophy by field .
Springbrook is a city in Jackson County , Iowa , United States .
Bazas is a town and commune of the Gironde department in south-western France .
All fields must be lowercase .
Copy a blank version to use .
Remember that the '' '' character must be between each field , the fields must be in lowercase , and please delete all the fields that are not being used to clear clutter in the edit window .
C is one of the most popular programming languages of all time and there are very few computer architectures for which a C compiler does not exist . C has greatly influenced many other popular programming languages , most notably C + + , which began as an extension to C.
Steamboat Rock is a city in Hardin County , Iowa , United States .
This subtemplate of checks the inputs passed to when the auto option is used .
See for more details .
where DENSsqmi is the density per square mile , DENSkm2 is the density per square kilometer , POP is the population , AREAsqmi is the area in square miles , and AREAkm2 is the area in square kilometers .
Moonrise is then followed by Dawn .
Gricourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Banneville-la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Charles Gill -LRB- prosecuting -RRB- : What is `` the love that dare not speak its name ? ''
Wilde 's counsel , Sir Edward Clarke , was finally able to agree bail .
Queensberry was found not guilty , as the court declared that his accusation that Wilde was `` posing as a Somdomite '' was justified , `` true in substance and in fact . ''
It is in this century misunderstood , so much misunderstood that it may be described as `` the love that dare not speak its name , '' and on that account of it I am placed where I am now .
Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde -LRB- 16 October 1854 â `` 30 November 1900 -RRB- was an Irish writer and poet .
On 18 February 1895 , the Marquess left his calling card at Wilde 's club , the Albemarle , inscribed : `` For Oscar Wilde , posing somdomite '' .
On 25 May 1895 Wilde and Alfred Taylor were convicted of gross indecency and sentenced to two years ' hard labor .
Edward Carson approached Frank Lockwood QC , the Solicitor General and asked `` Can we not let up on the fellow now ? ''
May I say nothing , my Lord ? ''
It is intellectual , and it repeatedly exists between an older and a younger man , when the older man has intellect , and the younger man has all the joy , hope and glamour of life before him .
In his opening speech for the defense , Carson announced that he had located several male prostitutes who were to testify that they had had sex with Wilde .
Wilde was freed from Holloway and , shunning attention , went into hiding at the house of Ernest and Ada Leverson , two of his firm friends .
He had already begged Douglas to leave London for Paris , but Douglas complained bitterly , even wanting to take the stand ; however he was pressed to go and soon fled to the Hotel du Monde .
Under cross examination Wilde was at first hesitant , then spoke eloquently :
This response was , however , counterproductive in a legal sense as it only served to reinforce the charges of homosexual behavior .
Robbie Ross found Wilde at the Cadogan Hotel , Knightsbridge with Reginald Turner ; both men advised Wilde to go at once to Dover and try to get a boat to France ; his mother advised him to stay and fight like a man .
On the advice of his lawyers , Wilde dropped the prosecution .
Queensberry , who feuded regularly with his son , confronted Wilde and Lord Alfred of the nature of their relationship several times , but Wilde was able to mollify him .
It is beautiful , it is fine , it is the noblest form of affection .
Wilde , egged on by Douglas and against the advice of his friends , initiated a private prosecution against Queensberry , who was arrested on a charge of criminal libel : as sodomy was then a crime , Queensberry 's note amounted to a public accusation that Wilde had committed a felony .
The trial ended with the jury unable to reach a verdict .
Wilde 's response `` And I ?
It dictates and pervades great works of art , like those of Shakespeare and Michelangelo , and those two letters of mine , such as they are .
Queensberry could avoid conviction for libel only by demonstrating that his accusation was in fact true .
It is that deep spiritual affection that is as pure as it is perfect .
In prison he wrote De Profundis , a long letter which discusses his spiritual journey through his trials , forming a dark counterpoint to his earlier philosophy of pleasure .
After a series of trials , Wilde was convicted of gross indecency with other men and imprisoned for two years , held to hard labor .
Lockwood answered that he would like to do so , but feared that the case had become too politicised to be dropped .
At the height of his fame and success , whilst his masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , was still on stage in London , Wilde sued his lover 's father for libel .
The judge described the sentence , the maximum allowed , as `` totally inadequate for a case such as this , '' and that the case was `` the worst case I have ever tried '' .
There is nothing unnatural about it .
After Wilde left the court , a warrant for his arrest was applied for on charges of sodomy and gross indecency .
Wilde was then imprisoned on remand at Holloway where he received daily visits from Douglas .
Under the Libel Act 1843 , Queensberry 's acquittal rendered Wilde legally liable for the considerable expenses Queensberry had incurred in his defense , which left Wilde bankrupt .
was drowned out in cries of `` Shame '' in the courtroom .
Events moved quickly and his prosecution opened on 26 April 1895 . Wilde pleaded not guilty .
The world mocks at it , and sometimes puts one in the pillory for it . ''
In June 1894 , he called on Wilde at 16 Tite Street , without an appointment , and clarified his stance : `` I do not say that you are it , but you look it , and pose at it , which is just as bad . And if I catch you and my son again in any public restaurant I will thrash you '' to which Wilde responded : `` I do n't know what the Queensberry rules are , but the Oscar Wilde rule is to shoot on sight '' .
Lord Alfred 's father , the Marquess of Queensberry , was known for his outspoken atheism , brutish manner and creation of the modern rules of boxing .
The Reverend Stewart Headlam put up most of the Â # 5,000 bail , having disagreed with Wilde 's treatment by the press and the courts .
That it should be so , the world does not understand .
Wilde : `` The love that dare not speak its name '' in this century is such a great affection of an elder for a younger man as there was between David and Jonathan , such as Plato made the very basis of his philosophy , and such as you find in the sonnets of Michelangelo and Shakespeare .
Inkom is a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
Microsoft Encarta was a digital multimedia encyclopedia published by Microsoft Corporation from 1993 to 2009 .
Many articles could also be viewed online free of charge , a service supported by advertisements .
As of 2008 , the complete English version , Encarta Premium , consisted of more than 62,000 articles , numerous photos and illustrations , music clips , videos , interactive contents , timelines , maps and atlas , and homework tools , and was available on the World Wide Web by yearly subscription or by purchase on DVD or multiple CDs .
Bernard Tomic won in the final 6-1 , 6-3 against Chase Buchanan .
Passenger levels decreased steadily from the late 1950s to late 1970s , but experienced a renaissance with the introduction of the high-speed Intercity 125 trains in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Passengers replaced freight as the main source of business and one third of the network was closed by the Beeching Axe of the 1960s .
It is now employed as a generic symbol on street signs in Great Britain denoting railway stations , and as part of the Association of Train Operating Companies ' jointly-managed National Rail brandâ '' being still printed on railway tickets .
The aim was to increase speed , reliability , safety and line capacity , through a series of measures which would make services more attractive to passengers and freight operators , thus recovering traffic that was being lost to the roads .
It was intended to bring the railway system into the 20th century .
During the late 1950s , railway finances continued to worsen , and in 1959 the government stepped in , limiting the amount the BTC could spend without ministerial authority .
The report latterly known as the `` Modernisation Plan '' was published in December 1954 .
In Scotland the Scottish Executive\/Government have reinstated the lines between Hamilton and Larkhall , Stirling and Alloa , and Airdrie to Bathgate .
Franchise-based companies that took over passenger rail services include :
The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes in the national railway network ; a process of dieselisation occurred which saw steam traction eliminated in 1968 , in favor of diesel and electric power .
The biggest line reinstatment project is the former Waverley railway Edinburgh to Borders line .
In 2008 the Ebbw Valley Railway reopened between Ebbw Vale Parkway and Cardiff , with services to Newport scheduled to commence by 2011 .
The important areas were :
-LRB- The Barry-Bridgend route was included in the closures proposed in the Beeching report of March 1963 and its services were duly withdrawn in June 1964 , but Ebbw Vale had already been closed to passengers before the report was published . -RRB-
Complete nationalisation had been considered , and the Railways Act 1921 is sometimes considered as a precursor to that , but the concept was rejected ; nationalisation was subsequently carried out after World War II , under the Transport Act 1947 .
After the grouping of 1923 under the Railways Act 1921 there were four large railway companies , each dominating its own geographic area : the Great Western Railway -LRB- GWR -RRB- , the London , Midland and Scottish Railway -LRB- LMS -RRB- , the London and North Eastern Railway -LRB- LNER -RRB- and the Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- .
In Wales , the Welsh Assembly Government successfully supported the re-opening to passenger services , of the Vale of Glamorgan Line between Barry and Bridgend in 2005 .
Complete nationalisation had been considered , and the Railways Act 1921 is sometimes considered as a precursor to that , but the concept was rejected ; nationalisation was subsequently carried out after World War II , under the Transport Act 1947 . This Act made provision for the nationalisation of the network , as part of a policy of nationalising public services by Clement Attlee 's Labor Government .
The British Rail `` double arrow '' logo is formed of two interlocked arrows showing the direction of travel on a double track railway and was nicknamed `` the arrow of indecision '' .
There were also joint railways between the big four and a few light railways to consider - see list of constituents of British Railways . Excluded from nationalisation were industrial lines like the Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway ; narrow-gauge railways , like the Ffestiniog Railway were also excluded , apart from two which were already owned by a company which was itself to be nationalised .
During World War I the railways were under state control , which continued until 1921 .
Ignacio ` Nacho ' Insa Bohigues -LRB- born 9 June 1986 in Cocentaina , Alicante , Valencian Community -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Villarreal CF B in the Spanish second division , as a midfielder .
Cherryade is a carbonated soft drink made from cherry juice .
Cherryade was first produced in the 19th century , along with other beverages such as limeade and ginger beer , which had come about due to the popularity of lemonade .
He grew up in Easton , Pennsylvania , which gave birth to his boxing nickname , The Easton Assassin .
Larry Holmes -LRB- born November 3 , 1949 -RRB- is a former professional boxer .
Ä smail Enver Efendi -LRB- Ottoman Turkish : Ø Ø Ù
He was the main leader of the Ottoman Empire in both Balkan Wars and World War I.
Ø Ø Ù Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø -RRB- -LRB- November 22 , 1881 â `` August 4 , 1922 -RRB- , known to Europeans during his political and military career as Enver Pasha or Enver Bey , was a Turkish military officer and a leader of the Young Turk revolution .
It can be found in the coastal North Pacific , usually at a depth of around 65 meters -LRB- 215 ft -RRB- . It can , however , live in much shallower or much deeper waters .
The North Pacific Giant Octopus -LRB- Enteroctopus dofleini -RRB- is a large cephalopod belonging to the genus Enteroctopus .
Inception was officially budgeted at $ 160 million , a cost that was split between Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures .
Inception is a 2010 science fiction action heist film , written , co-produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan .
The story was originally envisioned as a horror film , inspired by concepts of lucid dreaming and dream incubation .
Filming spanned six countries and four continents , beginning in Tokyo on June 19 , 2009 , and finishing in Canada in late November of the same year .
Unable to visit his children , Cobb is offered a chance to regain his old life in exchange for an almost impossible task : `` inception '' , the planting of an idea into a target 's subconscious .
Inception premiered in London on July 8 , 2010 , and was released in both conventional and IMAX theaters on July 14 , 2010 .
In 2001 , Nolan wrote an 80-page treatment about dream-stealers , presenting the idea to Warner Bros. .
The film features an ensemble cast starring Leonardo DiCaprio , Ken Watanabe , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Marion Cotillard , Ellen Page , Tom Hardy , Cillian Murphy , Dileep Rao , Tom Berenger , and Michael Caine .
Nolan 's reputation and success with The Dark Knight helped secure the film 's $ 100 million in advertising expenditure .
A box office success , the film grossed over $ 21 million on its opening day , with an opening weekend gross of $ 62.7 million .
DiCaprio plays Dom Cobb , a specialized spy or corporate espionage thief .
Development began roughly nine years before Inception was released .
Feeling he needed to have more experience with large-scale films , Nolan opted to work on Batman Begins , The Prestige , and The Dark Knight .
He spent six months polishing up the script for Inception before Warner Bros. purchased it in February 2009 .
Barium compounds are those chemical compounds which contain the element barium .
Marilyn Tucker Quayle -LRB- born July 29 , 1949 -RRB- is an American lawyer , novelist , and political figure who is the wife of former U.S. Vice President Dan Quayle and held the unofficial title of Second Lady of the United States from 1989 until 1993 .
Neal Leon Cassady -LRB- February 8 , 1926 -- February 4 , 1968 -RRB- was a major figure of the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the psychedelic movement of the 1960s , perhaps best known for being characterized as Dean Moriarty in Jack Kerouac 's novel On the Road .
After Cassady 's marriage to LuAnne Henderson was annulled , Cassady married Carolyn Robinson on April 1 , 1948 .
Cassady is portrayed by Jon Prescott in the film , Howl , which chronicles the creation of the poem `` Howl '' by Allen Ginsberg and the obscenity trial surrounding its publication .
Cabo San Lucas -LRB- , Cape Saint Luke -RRB- , commonly called Cabo , is a city at the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula , in the municipality of Los Cabos in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur .
It is the county seat of Parker County and is part of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex .
Weatherford is a city in Parker County , Texas , United States , and a western suburb of Fort Worth .
Blake Hall station is a disused station in Essex , formerly on the Central Line of the London Underground between North Weald and Ongar .
; min optional parameter , time the player was substituted on .
La VallÃ e-Mul Ã cents tre is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Koulikoro is a region in Mali .
In particle physics , a hadron -LRB- ; , hadrÃ s , `` stout , thick '' -RRB- is a composite particle made of quarks held together by the strong force -LRB- as atoms and molecules are held together by the electromagnetic force -RRB- .
Hadrons are categorized into two families : baryons -LRB- made of three quarks -RRB- and mesons -LRB- made of one quark and one antiquark -RRB- .
Prato -LRB- Leventina -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
background-color : # B5DBAF ; border : 1px solid # 006633 ; margin : 0.5 em ; padding : 0.5 em ;
Profondeville is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
Microsoft Office for Mac 2011 was released on October 26 , 2010 , and features a Mac version of Outlook to replace the Entourage email client . This Mac version of Outlook is intended to make the Mac version of Office work better with Microsoft 's Exchange server and with those using Office for Windows .
Microsoft Office is a proprietary commercial office suite of inter-related desktop applications , servers and services for the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X operating systems , introduced by Microsoft in 1989 . Initially a marketing term for a bundled set of applications , the first version of Office contained Microsoft Word , Microsoft Excel , and Microsoft PowerPoint .
Philidor -LRB- Filidor -RRB- or Danican Philidor was a family of musicians that served as court musicians to the French kings . The original name of the family was Danican -LRB- D'Anican -RRB- and was of Scottish origin -LRB- Duncan -RRB- .
The O.C. is an American teen drama series that originally aired on the Fox network in the United States from August 5 , 2003 , to February 22 , 2007 , running a total of four seasons .
Ozan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
CÃ sarville-Dossainville is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France .
The term is derived by comparison with `` designer clothing '' .
The colloquial term `` designer baby '' refers to a baby whose genetic makeup has been artificially selected by genetic engineering combined with in vitro fertilisation to ensure the presence or absence of particular genes or characteristics .
From Lake Timiskaming , the river flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau , where it tumbles over the ChaudiÃ re Falls and further takes in the Rideau and Gatineau rivers .
The Ottawa River is a river in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec .
Conand is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He joined the New York Rangers in 2008 after 11 seasons with the Ottawa Senators .
Wade Redden -LRB- born June 12 , 1977 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in the New York Rangers organization for its American Hockey League -LRB- AHL -RRB- affiliate , the Connecticut Whale .
He has played for Canada internationally seven times , winning two gold medals in the World Junior Championships and once in the World Cup of Hockey .
Sissonne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It was controlled by the Imperial Army General Staff Office and the Ministry of War , both of which were nominally subordinate to the Emperor of Japan as supreme commander of the army and the navy .
The Imperial Japanese Army -LRB- IJA -RRB- -LRB- KyÅ `` jitai : å æ -- æ å å é è '' , Shinjitai : , Romaji : Dai-Nippon Teikoku Rikugun -RRB- , or literally Army of the Empire of Greater Japan was the official ground based armed force of Imperial Japan from 1871 to 1945 .
Conservapedia is an English-language wiki project written from an American conservative Christian point of view .
A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned novels in A Song of Ice and Fire , an epic fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin .
It was first published on 8 August 2000 in the United Kingdom , with a United States edition following in November 2000 .
It was the first novel in the series to be nominated for the Hugo Award , one of the two most prestigious awards in science fiction and fantasy publishing , although it lost to J. K. Rowling 's novel Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire .
A Storm of Swords won the 2001 Locus Award , the 2002 Geffen Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the 2001 Nebula Award for Best Novel .
Ramicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Lilian Thuram -LRB- born Ruddy Lilian Thuram-Ulien on 1 January 1972 in Pointe - Ã - Pitre Guadeloupe -RRB- is a retired professional football defender and is the most capped player in the history of the France national team , and one of the thirty most capped players of all time .
Oahu was apparently the first of the Hawaiian Islands sighted by the crew of HMS Resolution on 18 January 1778 during Captain James Cook 's third Pacific expedition .
Iolani Palace , built later by other members of the royal family , is still standing , and is the only royal palace on American soil .
Today , Oahu has become a tourism and shopping haven as over five million visitors -LRB- mainly from the American mainland and Japan -RRB- flock there every year to enjoy the quintessential island holiday experience that the Hawaiian Islands and their multicultural people now personify .
Clerke had taken command of the ship after Capt. Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay -LRB- island of Hawaii -RRB- on February 14 , and was leaving the islands for the North Pacific .
Kamehameha founded the Kingdom of Hawaii with the conquest of Oahu in 1795 .
Oahu was not actually visited by Europeans until 28 February 1779 when Captain Charles Clerke aboard HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay .
coming out as `` John Lennon with the Plastic Ono Band '' , and their two proper solo debut albums as John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band and Yoko Ono\/Plastic Ono Band -RRB- .
coming out as `` John Lennon with the Plastic Ono Band '' , and their two proper solo debut albums as John Lennon\/Plastic Ono Band and Yoko Ono\/Plastic Ono Band -RRB- . By 1971 the name was being used as a secondary credit , with Lennon 's and Ono 's names more prominent on their solo ventures , and with occasional variances -LRB- e.g. , `` the Plastic Ono Nuclear Band '' , `` the Plastic U.F. Ono Band , '' or , when they performed with Frank Zappa , `` the Plastic Ono Mothers '' -RRB- .
The only album solely credited to the Plastic Ono Band , Live Peace in Toronto 1969 , was recorded during the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival on September 13 that year and featured Eric Clapton on lead guitar , Klaus Voorman on bass -LRB- an old friend of Lennon 's from Germany , who was famous for the cover art of the Beatles ' Revolver album -RRB- , and Alan White -LRB- later of Yes -RRB- on drums .
Shigemitsu Sudo -LRB- born April 2 , 1956 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Annabeth saves Percy by stabbing the last Laistrygonian from behind and takes Percy and Tyson back to Camp Half-Blood .
Like the previous book , The Lightning Thief , this novel is of the fantasy genre .
It is destroyed upon entering the Sea of Monsters , known to mortals as the Bermuda Triangle .
They praised Bernstein , saying `` Narrator Jesse Berns helps listeners slip right into the oddly engaging world that Riordan creates , in which contemporary teen characters and those from classical mythology intermingle '' and that he could successfully portray teenagers , while keeping the pace fast allowing listeners time to revel in the book 's humor .
However , Percy forgets to remove her knife , and she manages to free herself , and almost reaches the land , but Percy manages to save her ; in doing so , he learns that the Sirens ' song made Annabeth see what she wanted most : her parents reunited and Luke converted back to good , all having a picnic , in front a brand new Manhattan , rebuilt by Annabeth .
Percy manages to contact camp with an Iris-message , tricking Luke into admitting he poisoned Thalia 's tree .
The Sea of Monsters received generally positive reviews with reviewers praising the storyline , the themes and the author 's style of writing .
Annabeth and Percy ask Tantalus to send somebody on a quest to find the Golden Fleece , which he does , sending Clarisse .
Children 's Literature called the writing extraordinary and added , `` This book , sequel to The Lightning Thief , is an amazing mixture of mythology and young adult fiction . ''
The novel was followed by The Titan 's Curse , released on May 1 , 2007 .
During school , Percy is stuck playing dodgeball against large seventh graders who turn out to be Laistrygonians .
Like its predecessors , this book was well received and reviewers praised its humorous style and the plot of the story .
Reviewers consider it to be fast paced , humorous , full of action , and a blend of the themes of acceptance and family love .
He is saved by Chiron and his relatives , the Party Ponies .
Percy finds out that Tyson is a Cyclops and Poseidon claims him as his son .
Chiron , the activities director , has been fired because he is suspected of poisoning the tree , and is replaced by Tantalus , a spirit from the Fields of Punishment .
They reach the island of Polyphemus and save Grover with the help of Tyson and Clarisse , recovering the Fleece in the process .
They manage to escape and are later saved by Clarisse , who has a boat of her own that was given to her by her father Ares .
Percy receives help from Poseidon , who gives them three Hippocampi , and together with Annabeth and Tyson , ends up on a passing cruise ship , the Princess Andromeda , which is revealed to be owned by Luke .
On September 6 , 2006 , a seven hour and 54 minute audiobook version of The Sea of Monsters , read by actor Jesse Bernstein , who also narrated The Lightning Thiefs audiobook , was published worldwide by Listening Library .
Along the way , they pass the land of the Sirens , and Annabeth , who knows that the Sirens tell one of their innermost desires , decides that she wants Percy to tie her to mast , and have her listen to the Sirens ' songs .
The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan published in 2006 .
AudioFile magazine praised the audio book , raving , `` This action-packed book -LRB- second in a series -RRB- will delight fans of Percy Jackson , the half-blood son of Poseidon , as Percy once again battles mythical monsters in modern-day settings while on his mission to save the tree that guards Camp Half-Blood . ''
However , Kirkus was critical of the book , writing , `` it 's doubtful Percy would n't guess Tyson 's otherworldly connection immediately after the dodgeball game ... some of the humor will zip over the heads of the target audience '' although they added , `` Percy 's sardonic narration and derring-do would keep the pages turning . ''
They are captured and learn that Luke is trying to reform Kronos , a Titan who is the father of Zeus .
In The Titan 's Curse , Percy , Grover , Annabeth and Thalia go to a school to recruit two powerful demigods .
Norah Piehl of Kidsreads.com lauded the style of the book , and noted similarities with its prequel .
This book chronicles the adventures of thirteen-year-old demigod Percy Jackson as he and his friends rescue his satyr friend Grover from the Cyclops Polyphemus and save the camp from a Titan 's attack by bringing the Golden Fleece to cure Thalia 's poisoned pine tree .
Percy , Annabeth , Grover and Tyson are captured by Luke .
The Sea of Monsters is followed by The Titan 's Curse , the third book of the five in the series .
Chiron is rehired after being proven not guilty , and the Fleece cures Thalia 's tree of its poison , and Thalia herself is spewed out of the tree .
They find the camp under attack because Thalia 's tree , which protects the camp , has been poisoned by an unknown intruder .
It sold over 100,000 copies in hardcover by the time paperback copies were released in April 2007 .
It sold over 100,000 copies in paperback and was released in audiobook format on September 6 , 2006 .
The Sea of Monsters was generally well received and was nominated for numerous awards , including the 2006 Book Sense Top Ten Summer Pick and the 2009 Mark Twain Award .
School Library Journal singled out the novel 's plot and main character , stating , `` Percy is an appealing kid , and the subject of a chilling prophecy may resonate with readers . ''
They summon explosive fireballs and attempt to kill Percy , but he is protected by Tyson , a friend , who is unharmed by the monsters ' fireballs .
The magazine Publishers Weekly raved about Bernstein 's `` snappy delivery and all the right funny touches '' that made the `` action-packed fantasy such fun . ''
They make their way to Florida , and Percy sends Clarisse , with the fleece , back to camp .
Matt Berman , of Common Sense Media , praised the book , saying `` The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun , with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist . ''
It is the second novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and the sequel to The Lightning Thief .
Shinya Nasu is a Japanese football player who has recently played for F.C. Gifu .
Ultimately , the United States Grand Prix was not on the Formula One calendar for 2009 .
The race later became part of the Formula One World Championship .
The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908 , when it was known as the American Grand Prize .
Events which were not part of the Formula One World Championship are indicated by a pink background .
The 2009 Pacific typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean .
These names , however , are not in common use outside of the Philippines .
During the season , 39 Tropical depressions developed within the Western Pacific , whilst 2 formed outside the region before moving into the Western Pacific .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- reported on January 4 that they were expecting a total of 19 tropical cyclones to pass through the Philippine area of responsibility during 2009 .
In addition , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- assigns names to tropical cyclones -LRB- including tropical depressions -RRB- that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility .
The season ran throughout the year during 2009 , with most tropical cyclones forming between May and November .
Union councils bordering Nagri Bala are - Bagnotar to the north , Nathia Gali to the east , and Garhi Phulgran to the south .
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Akhroota , Makool Bala , Nagri Bala , and Tatreela , Kasala .
Nagri Bala is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan .
The union council of Nagri Bala is situated in the south central part of Abbottabad District , and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district .
It was designed by translator and linguist Sonja Elen Kisa of Toronto .
Like a pidgin , it focuses on simple concepts and elements that are relatively universal among cultures .
Toki Pona is a constructed language , first published online in mid-2001 .
Toki Pona is a minimal language .
The language has 14 phonemes and 123 root words .
The white currant is also a cultivar of Ribes rubrum . Although it is sweeter and albino variant of the redcurrant , it is not a separate botanical species and is sometimes marketed with names such as Ribes sativum or Ribes silvestre , or sold as a different fruit .
Category for items dealing with Interested Parties in : Category : Town and country planning in the United Kingdom .
The Geo\/Chevrolet Prizm -LRB- Chevrolet Prizm starting 1998 -RRB- was a United States-market entry-level compact car from model years 1990 through 2002 .
In 1991 , the lettering the car was changed from `` Prizm '' to `` PRIZM '' in italicized and capital letters -LRB- although the steering wheel continued to use `` Prizm '' -RRB- , and the B-pillar and door frames on base models were now body-colored instead of black .
Oak Forest is part of the 19th legislative district of Illinois and is represented by Democrat Dan Klem -LRB- an Oak Forest resident -RRB- to the Illinois General Assembly .
Amaru is a rural municipality in BuzÄ u County , Romania .
Patrick Wayne Swayze -LRB- ; August 18 , 1952 â `` September 14 , 2009 -RRB- was an American actor , dancer and singer-songwriter .
Gino Severini -LRB- 7 April 1883 â `` 26 February 1966 -RRB- , was an Italian painter and a leading member of the Futurist movement .
Christopher Flavin is the President of the Worldwatch Institute , an independent research organization focused on natural resource and environmental issues , based in Washington , DC .
His research and writing focus is international energy and climate policy .
He has testified before national and state legislatures and meets frequently with government and international leaders .
He is also a founding member of the Board of Directors of the Business Council for Sustainable Energy and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Board on Energy and Environmental Systems , the Climate Institute , and the Environmental and Energy Study Institute .
Flavin has participated in several notable international conferences , including the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 and the Climate Change Conference in Kyoto , Japan , in 1997 .
Flavin is a native of Monterey , California and a cum laude graduate of Williams College , where he studied economics , biology , and environmental studies .
Texas Motor Speedway is a speedway located in the northernmost portion of the U.S. city of Fort Worth , Texas â `` the portion located in Denton County , Texas .
The track layout is similar to Atlanta Motor Speedway and Charlotte Motor Speedway -LRB- formerly Lowe 's Motor Speedway -RRB- .
LongÃ ves , VendÃ e is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Loge-Fougereuse is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
This template is for use for a book series main page .
Ronald Antonio `` Ronnie '' O'Sullivan -LRB- born 5 December 1975 in Wordsley , West Midlands -RRB- , is an English professional snooker player known for his rapid playing style and nicknamed `` The Rocket '' .
= `` undefined '' & & skin = = `` vector '' -RRB- -LRB- function -RRB- ;
A further issue of controversy was the SPL 's decision to scrap the ` winter break ' after the 2000 â `` 01 season , thereby forcing clubs to play throughout January and often resulting in postponement of matches and significant damage to clubs ' pitches due to adverse weather conditions , as well as player fatigue .
St. Mirren and Inverness are the only clubs to have been promoted into the SPL twice .
Dunfermline Athletic are the only club to have been relegated from the SPL twice .
In June 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would commence for the 2010\/11 season , with the deal worth Â # 125m .
After Sky Sports withdrew their interest in the SPL when their offer for Â # 45m to continue ownership of the live TV rights were declined by the SPL on the grounds of not being substantial enough , discussions began in 2002 for a new pay-per-view satellite television channel , dubbed `` SPL TV '' .
No points are awarded for a loss .
It is the top level of the Scottish football league system , above the Scottish Football League .
With BBC Scotland 's television contract due to expire after the 2003 â `` 04 season , the SPL agreed a new television deal with Irish broadcaster Setanta Sports in February 2004 in a four-year deal worth Â # 54m .
Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw .
One of the main criticisms of the SPL is the dominance of the two Old Firm clubs , Celtic and Rangers .
Between season 1998 â `` 99 and season 2001 â `` 02 , exclusive television rights for live Scottish Premier League matches were held by Sky Sports , with a highlights package held by STV 's Scotsport .
These are previous members of the SPL in reverse order of them losing membership .
No team outside the Old Firm has won the SPL since it was formed in 1998 and there has only been one season -LRB- 2005 â `` 06 -RRB- where both clubs failed to occupy first and second positions , with Hearts finishing second behind Celtic .
Despite a two-year television deal being agreed with BBC Scotland in July 2002 -LRB- for a significant amount less than the money previously offered by Sky Sports -RRB- , the 10 non-Old Firm clubs confirmed their resignation from the SPL in August 2002 , citing discontent with the league 's 11 â `` 1 voting procedure which effectively gave the Old Firm clubs a veto over attempts to change SPL rules .
Former Celtic manager Martin O'Neill , former Dundee manager Jim Duffy and current Rangers manager Walter Smith are among those who have called for the winter break to be reinstated .
As of 2010 the Scottish Premier League is ranked 16th in the UEFA rankings of European leagues , which are based on the performances of member clubs in European competitions .
Originally the SPL contained 10 clubs , but it subsequently enlarged to 12 for the 2000 â `` 01 season onwards .
The Scottish Premier League , also known as the SPL -LRB- and the Clydesdale Bank Premier League for sponsorship reasons -RRB- , is a professional league competition for association football clubs in Scotland .
Teams are ranked by total points , then goal difference , and then goals scored .
There is no team or individual salary cap , no squad size limit , no age restrictions other than those applied by general employment law , no restrictions on the overall number of foreign players , and few restrictions on individual foreign players â `` all players with EU nationality , including those able to claim an EU passport through a parent or grandparent , are eligible to play , and top players from outside the EU are able to obtain UK work permits .
The increase from 10 clubs to 12 was part of the deal offered to obtain approval from SFL member clubs .
BBC Radio Scotland also provide internet webcasts to all Scottish Premier League matches , having became the first broadcaster to introduce such a service in June 2000 .
However Old Firm games are broadcast when available on BBC Radio 5 Live and also on 102.5 Clyde 1 .
The SPL is available to view in the following countries around the world . Radio broadcasting rights are currently held by BBC Radio Scotland , who have held the rights since the SPL 's inception in 1998 .
The SPL then agreed a deal with ESPN and Sky Sports worth Â # 13 million per season to the clubs .
In 2005 , the stadium size criterion for entry to the SPL was reduced to 6,000 , thereby allowing Inverness Caledonian Thistle to return to their home stadium during the 2005 â `` 06 season .
The units were built in various formations , including 12 power-twin 2-car units , 84 power-trailer 2-car units , and four 4-car units .
The British Rail Derby Lightweight diesel multiple units , were the first such trains to be built en-masse for British Railways .
Contemporaneous with these units was the unique Battery Electric Multiple Unit .
The units were built at BR 's Derby Works from 1954 to 1955 .
Steve Austin -LRB- born Steven James Anderson ; December 18 , 1964 , later and formerly Steven Williams -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin , is an American film and television actor and professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment .
`` Chicken Huntin ' '' is a single by hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse , from their second studio album , Ringmaster .
The lyrics describe Insane Clown Posse meeting and killing multiple racist rednecks , referred to as ` Chickens ' .
The data are from the 2010 U.S. Census .
This article is a list of the 50 U.S. States and the District of Columbia ordered by population density .
The film that launched the second Pink Panther series , The Pink Panther , starring Steve Martin as Inspector Clouseau , directed by Shawn Levy , and produced by Robert Simonds , was released in February 2006 . This is the first Panther film to be released by Columbia Pictures , which co-produced the film with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer .
He was portrayed by Graham Stark in Revenge of the Pink Panther and Son of the Pink Panther , while Harvey Korman played him in Trail of the Pink Panther and Curse of the Pink Panther .
The diamond reappears in five other films in the series -LRB- The Return of the Pink Panther , Trail of the Pink Panther and Curse of the Pink Panther .
The Province of Sondrio -LRB- It . Provincia di Sondrio -RRB- is in the Lombardy region of Italy .
Patrice Latyr Evra -LRB- ; born 15 May 1981 -RRB- is a French footballer who plays as a left-back for Manchester United and the French national team .
The auditorium was named in honor of Arthur Hill -LRB- 1847-1909 -RRB- , who served as a regent of the university from 1901 to 1909 .
Opened in 1913 , the auditorium was designed by Albert Kahn and Associates .
It was recently renovated by the same firm beginning in 2002 and was re-opened in 2004 .
Hill Auditorium is the largest performance venue , on the University of Michigan campus , in Ann Arbor , USA .
Arras-sur-Rh Ã ne is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Three main federal highways intersect at Campo Grande .
In 1977 , the State of Mato Grosso was split into two , and Campo Grande became the capital of the new state of Mato Grosso do Sul , comprising the southern portion of the former state .
The city is home to the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul , and three other universities .
In 1977 , the State of Mato Grosso was split into two , and Campo Grande became the capital of the new state of Mato Grosso do Sul , comprising the southern portion of the former state . By that time , Campo Grande had long surpassed the latter 's capital city of CuiabÃ in population , which is unusual in Brazil , where most capitals are also the states ' largest cities .
Urartian , Vannic , and -LRB- in older literature -RRB- Chaldean are conventional names for the language spoken by the inhabitants of the ancient kingdom of Urartu that was located in the region of Lake Van , with its capital near the site of the modern town of Van , in the Armenian Highland , modern-day Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Urartian was an ergative-agglutinative language , which belongs to neither the Semitic nor the Indo-European families but to the Hurro-Urartian family -LRB- whose only other known member is Hurrian -RRB- .
Cheerios is a brand of breakfast cereal by General Mills introduced on May 1 , 1941 as the first oat-based , ready-to-eat cold cereal . Originally named CheeriOats , the name was changed to Cheerios in 1946 because of a trade name dispute with Quaker Oats .
All Cheerios shipped to the east coast of the United States are manufactured in the General Mills plant in Buffalo , New York .
Red Prophet -LRB- 1988 -RRB- is an alternate history\/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
It is the second book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the Seventh son of a seventh son .
Red Prophet won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1989 , was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1988 , and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1989 .
Mulatto denotes a person with one white parent and one black parent , or more broadly , a person of mixed black and white ancestry .
Today , living specimens exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species , but fossils have been found in Madagascar and Argentina .
The surviving species consist of the platypus and 4 species of echidna .
It is located 3 k southeast of the town of Lenzburg .
Ammerswil is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
RibeirÃ # o Preto is one of the three metropolitan regions of the state of SÃ # o Paulo with a complete , highway beltway -LRB- city ring -RRB- .
The city was laid by a stream called Black Creek , and was named after it -LRB- RibeirÃ # o Preto means black creek in Portuguese , sometimes the city name is translated as `` Black Stream '' , which is also the name of a hotel in the city -RRB- .
Sphenodontia is an order of lizard-like reptiles that includes only one living genus , the tuatara -LRB- Sphenodon -RRB- , and only two living species .
His father , who owns a small gold retail store , desired that he gain experience in the business with the view of eventually handing the family business over to him . If not for one of Kwok 's brothers taking over the gold business , his father would not have allowed him to join the entertainment industry .
Kwok then performed in music videos and variety shows for other singers .
Kwok has also taken part in charitable work . Most notable he received the `` Ten Most Outstanding Young Persons Award '' in 2003 .
He again won the Best Actor Award again at the 43rd Golden Horse Awards on November 24 , 2006 for his role in the film After This Our Exile .
At the Taiwan 's 42nd Golden Horse Awards ceremony on November 13 , 2005 , Kwok was the surprise winner of Best Leading Actor award for his role in the film Divergence .
He became only the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award consecutively .
In 1984 at the age of 19 , Kwok joined a dancer training course at TVB , where his talent for dancing was immediately recognized .
In 1987 he was transferred to the acting department of the talent training course and became a TV actor , where he played minor parts in TVB dramas .
It was Kwok 's first Golden Horse nomination and beat veteran Hong Kong star Tony Leung Ka-fai to win the honor .
After graduating from secondary school , Kwok worked as a junior staff in King Fook Gold & Jewellery Co. .
Waltenschwil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
North Walsham is a market town and civil parish in Norfolk , England in the North Norfolk district .
Presidents serve two-and-a-half-year terms , normally divided between the two major political parties .
The current President is Jerzy Buzek of Poland .
Two Presidents have been women and most have come from the older member states .
He or she also represents the Parliament within the EU and internationally .
The President of the European Parliament presides over the debates and activities of the European Parliament .
The President 's signature is required for enacting most EU laws and the EU budget .
There have been twenty-eight Presidents , since the Parliament was created in 1952 to 2009 , thirteen of whom have served since the first Parliamentary election in 1979 .
The diameter of Sycorax is estimated at 150 km -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- making it the largest irregular satellite of Uranus , comparable in size with Puck and with Himalia , the biggest irregular satellite of Jupiter .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong , together with Setebos and Prospero , to the same dynamic cluster , suggesting common origin .
Sycorax is the largest retrograde irregular satellite of Uranus .
Sycorax follows a distant orbit , more than 20 times further from Uranus than the furthest regular moon Oberon .
Officially confirmed as Uranus XVII , it was named after Sycorax , Caliban 's mother in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde irregular satellites of Uranus -LRB- in polar co-ordinates -RRB- with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
Sycorax was discovered on 6 September 1997 by Brett J. Gladman , Philip D. Nicholson , Joseph A. Burns , and John J. Kavelaars using the 200-inch Hale telescope , together with Caliban , and given the temporary designation S\/1997 U 2 .
Its orbit is retrograde , moderately inclined and eccentric .
DennebrÅ `` ucq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
IÃ igo DÃ az de Cerio Conejero -LRB- born May 15 , 1984 in San SebastiÃ n , Basque Country -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao , as a striker .
Galax is an independent city in the southwestern part of the Commonwealth of Virginia .
Its county seat is Pittsboro .
Chatham County is a member of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments .
Chatham County is a county located in the Piedmont area of the U.S. state of North Carolina .
In 1907 , parts of Chatham County and Moore County were combined to form Lee County .
As of 2000 , the population was 49,329 .
Saint-Loub Ã s is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Second Lady of the United States is an unofficial title used often in conjunction with the official title of First Lady of the United States to refer to the wife of the current Vice President of the United States .
The jirga then considers the case , and after discussing the matter comes to a decision about how to handle the matter , which the mediator then announces .
A jarga -LRB- occasionally jargah -RRB- -LRB- Pashto : Ø Ø Ú `` Ù -RRB- is a tribal assembly of elders which takes decisions by consensus , particularly among the Pashtun people but also in other ethnic groups near them ; they are most common in Afghanistan and among the Pashtuns in Pakistan near its border with Afghanistan .
The jirga 's conclusion in the matter has to be accepted .
The mediator hears from the two sides , and then forms a jirga of community elders , taking care to include supporters of both sides .
La Cambe is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Lorne Michaels , CM -LRB- born November 17 , 1944 -RRB- is a Canadian television producer , writer and comedian best known for creating and producing Saturday Night Live and producing the various film and TV projects that spun off from it .
Alistair Maclean Darling -LRB- born 28 November 1953 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who has been a Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- since 1987 , currently for Edinburgh South West . He served as the Chancellor of the Exchequer from 2007 to 2010 .
Darling was initially appointed as Chief Secretary to the Treasury in 1997 , moving to become Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in 1998 . Spending four years at the department , he spent another four years as Secretary of State for Transport , also becoming Secretary of State for Scotland in 2003 .
Greek numerals are a system of representing numbers using letters of the Greek alphabet .
Originally , before the adoption of the Greek alphabet , Linear A and Linear B had used a different system , called Aegean numbers , with symbols for 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 and 10000 operating with the following formula : = 1 , â `` = 10 , â -- = 100 , Â = 1000 , â 1\/4 = 10000 .
For example , 241 is represented as Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ê -LRB- 200 + 40 + 1 -RRB- .
A `` left keraia '' -LRB- Unicode U +0375 , â Greek Lower Numeral Signâ -RRB- is put in front of thousands to distinguish them from the standard use .
In modern Greek , uppercase letters are preferred , as in Î Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Î ' Ê = Philip II .
Each unit -LRB- 1 , 2 , â , 9 -RRB- was assigned a separate letter , each tens -LRB- 10 , 20 , â , 90 -RRB- a separate letter , and each hundreds -LRB- 100 , 200 , â , 900 -RRB- a separate letter .
They are also known by the names Ionian numerals , Milesian numerals -LRB- i.e. , from Miletus in Ionia -RRB- , Alexandrian numerals , or alphabetic numerals .
In modern Greece they are still in use for ordinal numbers and in situations similar to those in which Roman numerals are still used in the West : for ordinary -LRB- cardinal -RRB- numbers , however , Arabic numerals are used , just as in the West .
For example , 2011 is represented as Í Î Î Î Ê -LRB- 2000 + 11 -RRB- .
To represent numbers from 1,000 to 999,999 the same letters are reused to serve as thousands , tens of thousands , and hundreds of thousands .
When that did n't suffice the myriad myriad -LRB- one hundred million , symbol : Î Î Ê -RRB- was used .
This alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to form the total .
To distinguish numerals from letters they are followed by the keraia -LRB- Greek , `` hornlike projection '' -RRB- , a symbol -LRB- Ê -RRB- similar to an acute sign -LRB- Â -RRB- but with its own Unicode character -LRB- U +0374 -RRB- .
This requires 27 letters , so the 24-letter Greek alphabet was extended by using three obsolete letters : digamma Ï , -LRB- also used are stigma Ï or , in modern Greek , Ï Ï -RRB- for 6 , qoppa Ï for 90 , and sampi Ï for 900 .
The earliest alphabet-related system of numerals used with the Greek letters was a set of the acrophonic Attic numerals , operating much like Roman numerals -LRB- which derived from this scheme -RRB- , with : Î = 1 , Î = 5 , Î '' = 10 , Î -- = 100 , Î = 1000 , Î = 10000 ; and with 50 , 500 , 5000 , and 50000 represented by composites of Î and a tiny version of the applicable power of ten .
AOL Inc. -LRB- , stylized as `` Aol . ''
The bond market -LRB- also known as the debt , credit , or fixed income market -RRB- is a financial market where participants buy and sell debt securities , usually in the form of bonds .
As of 2009 , the size of the worldwide bond market -LRB- total debt outstanding -RRB- is an estimated $ 82.2 trillion , of which the size of the outstanding U.S. bond market debt was $ 31.2 trillion according to BIS -LRB- or alternatively $ 34.3 trillion according to SIFMA -RRB- .
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car multiple unit , built at the same time and in the same style as the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple units .
In computer central processing units , micro-operations -LRB- also known as a micro-ops or Î 1\/4 ops -RRB- are controlled by detailed low-level instructions -LRB- micro-instructions -RRB- used in some designs to implement complex machine instructions -LRB- sometimes termed macro-instructions in this context -RRB- .
This entire area has almost the same traditions , customs and culture .
It is spoken throughout a widespread area , starting from Khanewal and Jhang at both ends of Ravi River and Chenab River to Gujranwala District .
It than runs down to Bahawalnagar and Chishtian araes , on the banks of river Sutlej River .
Jhangochi -LRB- Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û -RRB- is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi language .
It is spoken in the Bar areas of Punjab , i.e. areas whose names are often suffixed with ` Bar ' , for example Sandal Bar , Kirana Bar , Neeli Bar and Ganji Bar .
This area has a great culture and heritage , especially literary heritage , as it is credited with the creation of the famous epic romance stories of Heer Ranjha and Mirza Sahiba .
The Jhangochi dialect of Punjabi has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi variants .
Flash Gordon was featured in three serial films starring Buster Crabbe : Flash Gordon -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , Flash Gordon 's Trip to Mars -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe -LRB- 1940 -RRB- .
The Sci Fi Channel premiered its new Flash Gordon series in the United States on August 10 , 2007 .
The university was founded in 1870 as St. Ignatius College , and is the largest Jesuit university in the United States .
Loyola University Chicago is a Jesuit private university located in Chicago , Illinois .
The Achterhoek is a region in the eastern part of the Netherlands , Europe .
The first recorded use of coral as a color name in English was in 1513 .
The Flat Earth Society -LRB- also known as the International Flat Earth Society or the International Flat Earth Research Society -RRB- is an organization that seeks to further the belief that the Earth is flat , contrary to the scientifically verified fact that it is an oblate spheroid .
The modern organization was founded by Englishman Samuel Shenton in 1956 , and later led by Charles K. Johnson , who based the organization in his home in Lancaster , California .
`` Flower '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden .
Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil , `` Flower '' was released in May 1989 as the only single from the band 's debut album , Ultramega OK -LRB- 1988 -RRB- .
Latilly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The subfamily Spiraeoideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the order Rosales .
Bakote also borders the following union councils within Abbottabad District , to the north by Nambal , to the south by Berote Kalan and to the west by Phalkot , Namli Maira , Nagri Bala .
Bakot was affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake , as the epicentre was in nearby Kashmir .
Bakot is located in the east of Abbottabad district , where it forms part of the border with the Muzaffarabad and Bagh districts of Kashmir .
Saint-Montan is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
, it was produced by DreamWorks Animation and was the first film to win an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , a category introduced for the first time for the 2001 film year .
The film 's success also made Dreamworks Animation create three sequels : Shrek 2 , Shrek the Third , and Shrek Forever After .
Loosely based on William Steig 's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek !
Helene Bertha Amalie `` Leni '' Riefenstahl -LRB- ; 22 August 1902 â `` 8 September 2003 -RRB- was a German film director , actress and dancer widely noted for her aesthetics and innovations as a filmmaker .
The area is supported by a gold and copper mine , Northparkes , north of the town .
In addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , Parkes scientists have assisted NASA for several missions as a Southern Hemisphere relay and communications station .
An even larger terminal to be sited nearby is also being promoted .
There are also many great parks .
In 1873 the town was renamed to Parkes in honor of Sir Henry Parkes , otherwise known as the `` Father of the Federation '' .
-LRB- The movie The Dish was based somewhat loosely on the role the telescope played during the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing . -RRB-
Parkes hosts the annual Parkes Elvis Festival . It is held in early January to celebrate Presley 's birthday and to boost tourism .
Parkes is located on the Australian transcontinental railway line , and the Newell Highway linking Victoria to Queensland .
Main tourist attractions are the CSIRO Telescope 20 km North of town on the Newell Highway , Bushmans Hill , and the War Memorial Lookout .
Parkes has a local bus service provided by Western Road Liners , which acquired Harris Bus Lines in March 2006 .
Country Energy also is represented by a training and maintenance center .
Parkes was originally founded in 1853 as the settlement Currajong , named for the abundance of kurrajong trees in the local area by the settlers , but was then known as Bushman 's -LRB- from the local mine named Bushman 's Lead -RRB- .
-LRB- Sir Henry Parkes is recognized in Australia as having played an instrumental role in Australia becoming a unified country . -RRB-
A smaller station served Parkes Racecourse between 1923 and 1937 .
The Indian Pacific also stops twice a week , as well as the Broken Hill Outback Xplorer service , run by CountryLink , which heads to Broken Hill on Mondays and Sydney on Tuesdays .
It is the main settlement in the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia . It is the main settlement in the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line , and opened in 1893 .
With the presence of the nearby Parkes Observatory , Parkes has had an important role in the scientific community .
On 20 October 2006 , Premier Morris Iemma opened Specialised Container Transport 's intermodal terminal nearby on a 296 hectare site .
It has 5 km of rail sidings , a 7,400 square metre warehouse and about 40 staff .
The Roads and Traffic Authority of NSW has the Western Regional Office located in Parkes .
Parkes attracted significant attention during the gold rush of the 1870s onwards , and even to this day modern mining companies still have sites in the nearby region .
Nearby there is the Goobang National Park , and Peak Hill which features an Open Cut Mine that can be toured during holidays .
Parkes is a town in New South Wales , Australia .
Le Torquesne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The VisegrÃ d Group , also called the VisegrÃ d Four or V4 , is an alliance of four Central European states -- the Czech Republic , Hungary , Poland and Slovakia -- for the purposes of cooperation and furthering their European integration .
Haruhiko Sato -LRB- born 27 June 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
ArgÃ lico Fucks -LRB- born September 4 , 1974 in Santa Rosa , Rio Grande do Sul -RRB- , simply Argel , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as a central defender , and a current coach .
Currently it is navigable to Seville , but in Roman times it was navigable to CÃ rdoba .
The Six-Day War or June War -LRB- Hebrew : , transliterated : Milhemet Sheshet Ha Yamim ; Arabic : transliterated : an-Naksah -LRB- The Setback -RRB- , or , á arb 1967 -LRB- War of 1967 -RRB- -RRB- , also known as the 1967 Arab-Israeli War or the Third Arab-Israeli War , was fought between June 5 and June 10 , 1967 , by Israel and the neighboring states of Egypt -LRB- known then as the United Arab Republic -LRB- UAR -RRB- -RRB- , Jordan , and Syria .
Wood Dale is a city in DuPage County , Illinois , United States .
There are now many varieties of Brie made all over the world , including plain Brie , herbed varieties , double and triple Brie and versions of Brie made with other types of milk .
In the French language , the cheese is distinguished from the region in France that gave its name by their respective grammatical genders ; the region is feminine : la Brie , but the cheese Brie is masculine , le Brie .
At the time when Hitler joined the party there were no membership numbers or cards .
The following are well-known earlier members :
Following this incident , Anton Drexler was impressed with Hitler 's oratory skills and invited him to join the party .
The German Workers ' Party -LRB- , abbreviated DAP -RRB- was the short-lived predecessor of the Nazi Party -LRB- , abbreviated NSDAP -RRB- .
In an attempt to make the party more broadly appealing to larger segments of the population , the DAP was renamed on February 24 , 1920 to the National Socialist German Workers ' Party .
Also , his claim that he was party member number 7 , which would make him one of the founding members , is refuted .
The name was borrowed from a different Austrian party active at the time -LRB- Deutsche Nationalsozialistische Arbeiterpartei , German National Socialist Workers ' Party -RRB- , although Hitler earlier suggested the party to be renamed the `` Social Revolutionary Party '' ; it was Rudolf Jung who persuaded Hitler to follow the NSDAP naming .
As stated above , Hitler was the 55th member of the party .
On March 24 , 1919 , Karl Harrer -LRB- a sports journalist and member of the Thule Society -RRB- joined the DAP to increase the influence of the Thule Society over the DAP 's activities , and the party name was changed to the `` Political Workers ' Circle '' .
A pupa -LRB- Latin pupa for doll , pl : pupae or pupas -RRB- is the life stage of some insects undergoing transformation .
The chrysalis is a butterfly pupa .
Carlo `` Carletto '' Mazzone -LRB- born March 19 , 1937 in Rome -RRB- is an Italian football manager .
Matthias Sammer -LRB- born September 5 , 1967 in Dresden -RRB- is a retired German football player and coach who is now working as technical director of the DFB -LRB- German Football Association -RRB- .
In the latter case , typically both the pass and the ticket has to be shown at the ticket check .
Plato never speaks in his own voice in his dialogues . In the Second Letter , it says , `` no writing of Plato exists or ever will exist , but those now said to be his are those of a Socrates become beautiful and new '' -LRB- 341c -RRB- ; if the Letter is Plato 's , the final qualification seems to call into question the dialogues ' historical fidelity .
In the list below , works by Plato are marked -LRB- 1 -RRB- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether Plato is the author , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- if most scholars agree that Plato is not the author of the work .
Some have called attention to the problem of taking Plato 's Socrates to be his mouthpiece , given Socrates ' reputation for irony .
However , because Plato wrote dialogues , it is assumed that Socrates is often speaking for Plato .
The precise relationship between Plato and Socrates remains an area of contention among scholars . Plato makes it clear , especially in his Apology of Socrates , that he was Socrates ' most devoted young follower .
Sementina is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
His second novel , The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love , received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Hijuelos has taught at Hofstra University and has been affiliated with Duke University , where he is a member of the faculty of the Department of English .
He attended the Corpus Christi School in Morningside Heights , public schools , and later attended Bronx Community College , Lehman College , and Manhattan Community College before matriculating into and studying writing at the City College of New York -LRB- B.A. , 1975 ; M.A. in Creative Writing , 1976 -RRB- .
He is the first Hispanic to win a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Oscar J. Hijuelos -LRB- born August 24 , 1951 -RRB- is an American novelist .
It was adapted for the film The Mambo Kings in 1992 and as a Broadway musical in 2005 .
Hijuelos was born in New York City , in Morningside Heights , Manhattan , to Cuban immigrant parents .
His first novel , Our House in the Last World , was published in 1983 and received the 1985 Rome Prize , awarded by the American Academy in Rome .
The Washington Post is Washington , D.C. 's largest newspaper and its oldest still-existing paper , founded in 1877 .
D.C. , Maryland , and Virginia editions are printed for daily circulation .
Washington and Lee University -LRB- also known as W&L -RRB- is a private liberal arts college in Lexington , Virginia , United States .
It attempts a ISO 3166-2 region code for locations in Canada , France , Germany , India , and the United States .
Locations in Canada , India , and the United States generate invalid region codes -LRB- CA-X , IN-X , and US-X -RRB- if the second argument is omitted , blank , or invalid .
It attempts a ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code for all other locations .
The first -LRB- required -RRB- argument specifies the name of the country , such as `` United States '' or `` Chile '' .
In some cases , however , it invokes a helper template :
can handle many inputs simply and directly .
So far , however , the template has failed to keep up with the ingenuity of infobox creators .
The second -LRB- optional -RRB- argument is the name of a state or province within the specified country , such as `` Alaska '' .
The template attempts to generate the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 or ISO 3166-2 code for a named country or geographic region , for use in the parameter of .
Interestingly , centrioles are not required for the progression of mitosis .
Many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrioles .
In the absence of the centrioles the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle .
The centrosome replicates during the S phase of the cell cycle .
Fungi and plants use other MTOC structures to organize their microtubules .
The centrosome is thought to have evolved only in the metazoan lineage of eukaryotic cells .
The centrosome is copied only once per cell cycle so that each daughter cell inherits one centrosome , containing two centrioles .
When the centrioles are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds normally with a morphologically normal spindle .
The mitotic spindle then forms between the two centrosomes .
Upon division , each daughter cell receives one centrosome .
It was discovered by Edouard Van Beneden in 1883 and was described and named in 1888 by Theodor Boveri .
During the prophase in the process of cell division called mitosis , the centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell .
Although the centrosome has a key role in efficient mitosis in animal cells , it is not essential .
Linus Benedict Torvalds -LRB- ; born December 28 , 1969 in Helsinki , Finland -RRB- is a Finnish software engineer and hacker , best known for having initiated the development of the Linux kernel .
ChÃ cents tres is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
It is the third most populous city in the prefecture , after Yokohama and Kawasaki , and the fifth most populous suburb of Greater Tokyo .
Sagamihara is a city located in north central Kanagawa Prefecture , bordering Tokyo , Japan .
The main areas of commercial activity in Sagamihara are located near Hashimoto Station on the JR East Yokohama Line and Keio Sagamihara Line ; Sagamihara Station on the Yokohama Line ; and Sagami - Å no Station on the OdakyÅ `` Odawara Line .
Flax seeds produce a vegetable oil known as flaxseed or linseed oil , which is one of the oldest commercial oils , and solvent-processed flax seed oil has been used for centuries as a drying oil in painting and varnishing .
Flax fibers are amongst the oldest fiber crops in the world . The use of flax for the production of linen goes back at least to ancient Egyptian times .
Currently most flax produced in the USA and Canada are seed flax types for the production of linseed oil or flax seeds for human nutrition .
In North America , flax was introduced by the Puritans . Currently most flax produced in the USA and Canada are seed flax types for the production of linseed oil or flax seeds for human nutrition .
Jurandir de Freitas -LRB- born 12 November 1940 - 6 March 1996 -RRB- , nicknamed Jurandir , was a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
A typical woman 's orgasm lasts much longer than that of a man .
Most women find these contractions very pleasurable .
In men , the most common way of achieving orgasm is by the stimulation of the penis ; in women , it is the stimulation of the clitoris . Such stimulation can be achieved from a variety of activities .
A woman experiences full orgasm when her uterus , vagina , anus , and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions .
It is preceded by erection of the clitoris and moistening of the opening of the vagina .
In other cases , the woman reports having an orgasm , but no pelvic contractions are measured at all .
The WPBA 's board of directors thereafter sanctioned Balukas $ 200 for unsportsmanlike conduct .
Bell , who was Balukas ' best friend on the women 's tour , had never beaten Balukas but had been playing very strongly in the tournament .
She roundly defeated her opponent in the finals , Madelyn Whitlow of Detroit , Michigan , with a score of 75 â `` 32 in 44 .
The match was billed on the television schedule as part of a `` Challenge of the Sexes , '' alongside similar male-female matchups between golfers Nancy Lopez and Andy North and coed participants in a skateboarding challenge match .
In later years Balukas explained that she `` almost never went to the pool hall and if I did go , I did n't play .
At 62 Mosconi was well past his prime , but a handicap was nevertheless given to the eagle-eyed youngster , allowing her all the breaks and the first shot regardless of whether she had made a ball or not on the break . Mosconi lost at both disciplines .
Announcers had long since stopped calling Balukas `` the Little Princess , '' but presented her as `` the Queen '' .
A vote to allow her to play resulted in a tally of 8 â `` 7 in her favor , but after they moved to consult a player who was not present for the vote , Balukas again withdrew from the competition , and that was where the matter had ended .
From that early start , Balukas completely dominated women 's professional pool during the 1970s and 1980s .
In 1966 , McGown staged a billiards exhibition at New York City 's Grand Central Station .
On August 6 , 1978 Balukas became the first woman to qualify to play in the men 's division of the World Open Pocket Billiards Championship ; a tournament with a 100-year history .
Well , see you later .
In 1999 , Balukas was ranked number fifteen on Billiard Digest 's Fifty Greatest Players of the Century .
I felt it should have been done by an outside panel , not by my competitors . ''
It just got to a point where I had so much animosity toward the pool world . And that was my out .
In summing up these events in a 1992 article , The New York Times stated , `` So America 's greatest woman pool player competes only for the odd soda .
Balukas states that after she arrived in Chicago `` I found out that the first - and second-place winners in the womenâ s event were going to be invited to play in the menâ s event .
Balukas finished in a tie for 9th place among many of the best players in the world .
In her first appearance in 1976 , while a junior in high school , she finished second taking titles in tennis and bowling where she won with 192 points .
Not long afterward , she indicated to a reporter that she was `` thinking of dropping out of women 's competition altogether . ''
She was described by a reporter present as `` a little girl with honey-blond hair ... wearing a short yellow dress and green leotards ... who resembles a young Shirley Temple . ''
On August 18 , 1972 at 13 years of age Balukas won the women 's division of the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship , along the way defeating five time champion Dorothy Wise and taking home a prize of $ 1,500 .
Professional Loree Jon Jones in the same interview expressed mixed sentiments : `` Her not playing is , I guess , sad , '' but she reflected that in Balukas 's absence , `` we 've all learned how to win . ''
In 1969 , at 9 years of age , Balukas competed in her first Billiard Congress of America U.S. Open straight pool championship , taking 5th place among a field of adults .
She was a defending champion and , in fact , has lost only two games to women in the past eight years . ''
I taught myself to play pool . ''
Wielding an ivory-detailed cue made especially for her in 1965 by renowned cuemaker George Balabushka , at 5 and 6 years of age she would practice straight pool to 50 points after family dinners with her father 's encouragement but not participation .
The women held a vote as to whether Balukas should be allowed to play .
However , Balukas states , `` when they find out that my father does n't play , many people think I must have learned the game from Frank McGown .
Despite their off-the-table friendship , following the match Bell made a formal complaint to the WPBA about the incident .
In 1975 she averaged 4.05 , while no other player averaged even 3 .
Later that year , Balukas , along with her younger sister Laura , appeared on CBS 's popular show I 've Got a Secret .
Balukas won the U.S. Open seven years in a row from 1972 through 1978 , accumulating six world championship titles , had well over 100 professional competition first place finishes with 38 majors to her name , had a streak of 16 first place finishes in women 's professional tournaments , and was the only woman to compete on equal footing with men in professional play in her era .
Balukas was the U.S Open 's youngest winner ever and by a large margin .
Balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete .
After she reached the pinnacle of her profession , `` Thatâ s when I started getting nervous ... thatâ s when I started putting a lot of pressure on myself . ''
I felt uncomfortable , and besides , girls did n't go in those days . ''
She recalls , ` Whenever my brother Paul , the youngest of my four brothers , beat me at pool on the table downstairs at home , he would run through the house shouting ' I won , I beat her ' .
She quit the sport amidst controversy in 1988 while at the height of her ability , due to a dispute over her conduct in a match at the World Open Nine-ball Championship of that year .
Jean 's father , Albert Balukas , along with his partner , professional player Frank McGown , was the proprietor of a forty-eight-table pool hall called the Ovington Lounge in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn , New York .
In the 1974 U.S. Open held at the Sheraton Hotel in Chicago , Balukas defended her title , again beating out Harada but by a much closer , nailbiting 100-99 final score .
In early 1988 , Balukas gave in to complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago based tournament that it was n't fair she should have the opportunity to play in both divisions when the men only had the opportunity to play in one , and withdrew from the men 's side .
Ultimately Balukas states that her break with the sport '' ... was a buildup of everything , ... A little burnout , a little frustration .
This meant that she would be competing in both the women 's and men 's divisions of the tournament to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue in New York City .
In the next two U.S. Opens , in 1970 and 1971 , she placed 4th and 3rd , respectively .
Held in Rotonda , Florida , the event pitted championship athletes from one sport competing in sports other than their own specialties , vying for cash prizes totaling $ 69,000 .
Balukas refused to relent and the WPBA refused to lift the sanction and would not allow Balukas to play again until she paid the fine .
That is n't true .
For Balukas 's part , she returned to Bay Ridge , took over management of her family 's pool hall , Hall of Fame Billiards on Ovington Avenue in Brooklyn , and states that `` I 'm enjoying my life immensely ... I have moved on . ''
As early as the late 1960s , Balukas was performing exhibition matches with some of the top male players of the era , including Willie Mosconi and Irving Crane , who were together considered between 1941 and 1956 the `` best in the world , flat out '' .
According to an interview with Balukas appearing in New York Woman magazine in 1991 , Balukas 's exact words were `` Some world championship ... beat me with skill , not luck . ''
Balukas went on to win the next two U.S. Open straight pool championships for a total of seven back-to-back wins , her streak foreclosed after 1978 by the discontinuance of the competition itself .
Balukas was initially entered in both the men 's and women 's divisions of the 1987 B.C. Classic , a nine-ball competition .
In 1973 , at 14 , Balukas successfully defended her straight pool U.S. Open title , defeating runner-up Donna Ries , a psychologist from Kansas City , Missouri , with a final score of 75 â `` 72 in 42 innings and a high of 26 , earning her a $ 2,000 purse .
By that time she was already fairly well-known , having had additional television appearances alongside such billiard stars and celebrities as Willie Mosconi , Sammy Davis Jr. , Peter Falk , Hugh Downs and Sonny Fox .
She later would play televised `` Battle of the Sexes '' matches with Rudolph Wanderone a\/k\/a Minnesota Fats in 1977 , Ray Martin in 1979 and with Steve Mizerak in 1986 .
In 1975 , when she was 15-years old , Balukas was already described as the `` best female pool player in the world '' .
Balukas was considered a prodigy , coming to the public 's attention first at 6 years of age at a pool exhibition held at New York City 's Grand Central Station and thereafter appearing on television , including on CBS 's primetime television show , I 've Got a Secret .
That was my excuse to finally say I need a break . ''
The close finale echoed the results seen in the men 's division , where Joe Balsis defeated Jim Rempe 200-199 for the men 's crown .
A second-grader at the time , according to her mother , Peggy , she did her homework and took a nap before appearing at the scheduled match .
In 1976 , then 17 , Balukas took her fifth consecutive U.S. Open title , beating Gloria Walker of Cheyney , Pennsylvania 75 â `` 46 in 39 innings , winning a $ 1,700 purse .
In August 1987 , at the annual B.C. Classic hosted at a Holiday Inn in Binghamton , New York , Balukas was slated for competition in both divisions .
The final score was 50 to 42 .
Balukas explains that `` It wasnâ t the $ 200 ... -LRB- Women -RRB- pool players , who were ranked three and six and five , were the ones who decided I should be fined .
There she again outplayed Walker -LRB- then of Ithaca , New York -RRB- , with a score of 100 â `` 57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
According to the WPBA , the dress code was self-imposed by the players in an attempt to improve the image of women 's pool and to attract more spectators and press to the sport , and that Balukas was the only participant at Binghamton unwilling to comply .
She had been honored as BCA Player of the Year five times .
Balukas 's introduction to play was at 4 years of age , not on one of her father 's tables but on a 4-1 â 2 by 9 foot pool table in the cellar of her childhood home , purchased by her parents to keep her four billiards-playing brothers out of local pool rooms .
By one vote , they kept me out .
She was defeated in the second round at the hands of Steve Mizerak with a score of 150 â `` 93 .
Balukas played against the men in a number of competitions , including at least one televised match aired on March 25 , 1979 , between her and men 's champion Ray Martin .
After arriving , she discovered that for evening-scheduled matches she would be required to wear formal attire that she did not have with her .
Balukas admits to having been under great pressure , much of it self-imposed .
In advertisements for the match , Balukas was billed as `` the Little Princess of Pocket Billiards . ''
In 1975 Balukas defeated Ries again in the U.S. Open semi-finals with a score of 75 â `` 15 in 15 innings , dispatched Ames , Iowa native Gail Breedlove 75-19 , and then again faced and defeated Harada in the finals , claiming the $ 3,000 purse with a score of 100 â `` 63 in 39 innings and posting a high run of 23 .
Soon after the dress code dust-up made headlines , a letter was sent to The New York Times by the Women 's Professional Billiard Association -LRB- WPBA -RRB- , by its president Belinda Bearden , disputing the facts as reported .
And some of the girls who are my best friends voted against me . ''
Other competitors included , diver Micki King , tennis and golf pro Althea Gibson , Skier Kiki Cutter , sprinter Wyomia Tyus , and Tennis champ Martina Navratilova .
At just 9 years old she placed 5th in the 1969 U.S. Open straight pool championship , and placed 4th and 3rd respectively in the following two U.S. Opens .
By that time she had won the World Straight Pool Championship women 's division eight of the prior nine years , and over the same time period , every single women 's professional tournament in which she competed â '' 16 in all .
Her ball average over the seven U.S. Opens was in a different class than her opponents .
Balukas has won numerous other titles including a string of six wins at the World Open Pocket Billiard Championships .
Jean Balukas -LRB- born June 28 , 1959 -RRB- is an American pool player from Brooklyn , New York , and ranks among the stellar players in the history of the sport .
With the score 2 games to 3 in favor of Bell in a , Bell made the 9 ball two games in a row , making the score 5 to 2 in very short order .
Balukas has more U.S. Open wins than any other player , male or female , the runner up for the men being Steve Mizerak with four .
Earlier in the tournament she trounced Mieko Harada , a housewife from Kyoto , Japan , 75-1 in 20 innings and with a 25-ball high run .
With her parents ' permission , he brought along the 6-year-old Balukas , where she participated in the spectacle .
If you 're feeling lucky , drop by her poolroom ... If you 're thirsty ... go elsewhere . ''
The following year Balukas appeared in an exhibition match at the bygone Carom Club , then located at 1697 Broadway in Manhattan .
Upon her first win in that tournament held at a convention hall in Asbury Park , New Jersey on August 14 , 1977 , she was described as `` the 18-year-old prodigy from Brooklyn . ''
Described as a `` trailblazer , a child prodigy , a loner who rebelled against dress codes for womenâ '' the pool equivalent of Billie Jean King '' , she is a five-time Billiards Congress of America -LRB- BCA -RRB- Player of the Year , was the youngest inductee into the BCA Hall of Fame and the second woman given the honor , and was ranked fifteenth on Billiard Digest 's Fifty Greatest Players of the -LRB- 20th -RRB- Century .
In 1975 , she again played the legendary Willie Mosconi on CBS ' `` Challenge of the Sexes '' in both eight-ball and nine-ball competition .
She would later appear on television many more times , in addition to broadcasts of pool matches , including an interview on The Mike Douglas Show airing on January 11 , 1977 with Bernadette Peters and David Niven .
To great applause she edged out her opponent , Roland DeMarco , a pool enthusiast and the President of Finch College .
The men 's division , by contrast , had no similar dress code .
`` Playing against the men , I learned to lose , ... but -LRB- losing -RRB- hurt with the women because I was expected to win all the time . ''
Her final standing in the tournament overall was 22nd , with 42 men trailing her in the rankings .
In 1985 became the second woman -LRB- after Dorothy Wise -RRB- to be inducted into the BCA Hall of Fame , with the additional honor of being its youngest inductee , at just under 27 years of age .
In 1988 , Balukas was playing against professional Robin Bell in a televised match of the Brunswick-sponsored World Open Nine-ball Championship held at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas , Nevada .
She also competed in the women 's division of that tournament and was the victor , defeating Billie Billings , also of Brooklyn , with a score of 100 â `` 75 .
I was stabbed in the back . ''
After notable controversy -LRB- detailed below -RRB- , she competed only on the men 's side .
They further explained that Balukas first withdrew from the women 's division but later returned and asked to play after player assignments had been completed .
Reporting on the competition , The New York Times stated : `` Miss Balukas showed signs of strong title contention throughout the tournament play as she defeated six opponents with precision shooting and near flawless strategy . ''
All television match players wore small microphones so that their words and the sounds of play could be heard by the audience .
According to a 1987 interview with reporter Roger Starr of The New York Times , she learned much about pool through such activities but `` she also learned that , even in fun , pool stars did not like losing in public , especially not to children , and less , even , to girl children .
You know , you 're going to fine me ?
She was cautioned by the referee and play continued , with Balukas the ultimate victor with a final score of 9 â `` 5 .
Balukas was greatly incensed over the sanction and refused to pay on principle , turning away offers by others to pay the fine in her stead .
I guess that was one reason I worked all the harder at my game . ' ''
Along the way she trounced Keith McCready 11 â `` 3 -LRB- at the time the 17th-ranked male player by money list , and who guest-starred as obnoxious hustler `` Grady Seasons '' in the 1986 film The Color of Money -RRB- .
She later explained that `` what hurt at Binghamton was that while I was trying to stand up for us being treated the same as men , the other girls held the tournament draw without me .
According to The New York Times , `` Miss Balukas 's triumph ... was not only expected but routine .
Balukas averaged 3.44 in 1972 with the next best , Gloria Walker , having an average of 2.37 .
The winner that year was speed skater Anne Henning .
This was Balukas ' third straight U.S. Open title at the age of 15 .
During 1980 , Balukas again competed in the Men 's division , in the World Open Pocket Billiards championship hosted at New York City 's Roosevelt Hotel .
`` Just because she was our premier player does n't mean she was above the rules , '' said Vicki Paski in 1992 , then president of the WPBA .
She had heard taunts from the men upon finding out she was going to play in their division , such as `` Iâ m gonna put on a dress and go play with the women . ''
By 1987 , Balukas 's dominance of women 's professional pool was so complete that it was described as `` breathtaking '' in its scope by The New York Times .
She also discovered that young men , including her brothers , shared the feeling of shame over losing to girls .
The second place win was bittersweet for Balukas , because based on the award of prize money for placing at Superstars -LRB- $ 13,100 -RRB- , she lost amateur standing and was thereafter banned from competing in high school sports , also becoming no longer eligible for a college athletic scholarship .
This second type of whip is technically a separate instrument called a slapstick .
Crouch is a city in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
Newcastle-under-Lyme , is a market town in Staffordshire , England , and is the principal town of the Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme .
Cerisy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Wesley Carter `` Wes '' Welker -LRB- born May 1 , 1981 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma -RRB- is an American football wide receiver for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
Chantonnay is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Anthon was named for J.C. Anthon , a railroad engineer .
It is a common dinosaur in museums , due in particular to the excavations at the Cleveland Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry ; by 1976 , as a result of cooperative operations , 38 museums in eight countries on three continents had Cleveland-Lloyd allosaur material or casts .
The authors suggested that Allosaurus used its skull like a hatchet against prey , attacking open-mouthed , slashing flesh with its teeth , and tearing it away without splintering bones , unlike Tyrannosaurus , which is thought to have been capable of damaging bones .
Allosaurus appeared in the second episode of the 1999 BBC television series Walking with Dinosaurs and the follow-up special The Ballad of Big Al , which speculated on the life of the `` Big Al '' specimen , based on scientific evidence from the numerous injuries and pathologies in its skeleton .
As the most abundant large predator in the Morrison Formation , Allosaurus was at the top of the food chain , probably preying on contemporaneous large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators -LRB- e.g. Ceratosaurus -RRB- .
Potential prey included ornithopods , stegosaurids , and sauropods .
According to their biomechanical analysis , the skull was very strong but had a relatively small bite force .
Along with Tyrannosaurus , Allosaurus has come to represent the quintessential large , carnivorous dinosaur in popular culture .
Finally , the top speed of Allosaurus has been estimated at 30 to 55 kilometers per hour -LRB- 19 to 34 miles per hour -RRB- .
There is dramatic evidence for allosaur attacks on Stegosaurus , including an Allosaurus tail vertebra with a partially healed puncture wound that fits a Stegosaurus tail spike , and a Stegosaurus neck plate with a U-shaped wound that correlates well with an Allosaurus snout .
Allosaurus was used as the starring dinosaur of the 1956 film The Beast of Hollow Mountain , and the 1969 film The Valley of Gwangi , two genre combinations of living dinosaurs with Westerns .
In The Valley of Gwangi , Gwangi is billed as an Allosaurus , although Ray Harryhausen based his model for the creature on Charles R. Knight 's depiction of a Tyrannosaurus .
Allosaurus is the official state fossil of Utah .
Pronville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Chisels used in metal work can be divided into two main categories : hot chisels and cold chisels .
Spiere-Helkijn -LRB- Espierres-Helchin in French -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Brian Leslie Labone -LRB- 23 January 1940 -- 24 April 2006 -RRB- was an English footballer who played for and captained Everton .
He also played 26 times for the England national football team .
At this time , Leica moved its factory from Wetzlar to the nearby town of Solms . In 1996 Leica Camera separated from the Leica Group and became a publicly held company .
Dingle is a town in County Kerry , Ireland .
Oscar Emmanuel Peterson -LRB- August 15 , 1925 â `` December 23 , 2007 -RRB- was a Canadian jazz pianist and composer .
This template is used inside other templates .
For more information read the World Commission on Protected Areas article .
If no value is used no banner will be displayed .
It takes one unnamed parameter and creates a `` banner '' to be displayed in an infobox .
Depending on the value of the parameter , one of the following banners will be displayed .
If an invalid value is used an error message will be displayed .
Valid values are Ia , Ib , II , III , IV , V and VI .
DSC Arminia Bielefeld -LRB- full name : Deutscher Sportclub Arminia Bielefeld e.V. ; also known as `` Die Arminen '' or `` Die Blauen '' -RRB- is a German sports club from Bielefeld , North Rhine-Westphalia . Arminia offers the sports of football , field hockey , figure skating and cue sports .
In the United States and Canada the standard lengths of lumber are 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 14 , 16 , 18 , 20 , 22 , and 24 feet .
It is available in many species , usually hardwoods .
Boards are usually supplied in random widths and lengths of a specified thickness , and sold by the board-foot -LRB- 144 c , th of 1 c. This does not apply in all countries , for example in Australia many boards are sold to timber yards in packs with a common profile -LRB- dimensions -RRB- but not necessarily consisting of the same length boards .
Lumber is supplied either rough or finished .
It is thus possible to find 2 Ã -- 4s that are four , eight , or twelve feet in length .
The length of a board is usually specified separately from the width and depth .
Examples of common sizes are 2 Ã -- 4 -LRB- pictured , also two-by-four and other variants , such as four-by-two in the UK , Australia , New Zealand -RRB- , 2 Ã -- 6 , and 4 Ã -- 4 .
In the United Kingdom and Australia , timber is a term also used for sawn wood products -LRB- that is , boards -RRB- , whereas generally in the United States and Canada , the product of timber cut into boards is referred to as lumber .
In North America , sizes for dimensional lumber made from hardwoods varies from the sizes for softwoods .
Lumber or timber is wood in any of its stages from felling through readiness for use as structural material for construction , or wood pulp for paper production .
Engineered lumber is lumber created by a manufacturer and designed for a certain structural purpose .
Central Pier is one of three piers in the town of Blackpool , England .
Frankfurt-Hahn Airport , a growing low-fare carrier and cargo airport is also located within the region .
In the north behind the Moselle it is continued by the Eifel .
The climate in the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is characterised by rainy weather .
It is bounded by the river valleys of the Moselle -LRB- north -RRB- , the Nahe -LRB- south -RRB- , and the Rhine -LRB- east -RRB- .
The highest peak is the Erbeskopf -LRB- 816 m -RRB- .
To the south of the Nahe , the Palatinate is to be found .
Notable towns located within the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck include Simmern , Kirchberg , and Idar-Oberstein , Kastellaun , and Morbach .
Slate is mined in the mountains .
The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is continued by the Taunus mountains on the eastern side of the Rhine .
The German television drama trilogy Heimat , directed by Edgar Reitz , examined the 20th-century life of a small fictional village in the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck .
Many of the hills are no higher than 400 m. There are several chains of higher peaks within the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck , all bearing names on their own : the -LRB- SchwarzwÃ lder -RRB- Hochwald , the Idarwald , the Soonwald , and the Binger Wald .
The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
Satoshi Horinouchi is a Japanese football player .
plays for Urawa Red Diamonds in the J. League .
The actual process leading to mortality is , however , unknown .
The chytrid Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis -LRB- itself commonly known as `` Chytrid '' -RRB- is responsible for a recently discovered disease of amphibians , chytridiomycosis . Discovered in 1998 in Australia and Panama this disease is known to kill amphibians in large numbers , and has been suggested as a principal cause for the worldwide amphibian decline .
There are approximately 1,000 chytrid species , in 127 genera , distributed among 5 orders .
Both zoospores and gametes of the chytrids are mobile by their flagella , one whiplash per individual .
Many chytrids are aquatic -LRB- mostly found in fresh water -RRB- .
The present-day game involves teams of seven players -LRB- plus up to six substitutes -RRB- , with a water polo ball similar in size to a soccer ball but constructed of waterproof nylon . Water Polo was influenced by a man named Stephane Licina , who also played the sport .
Blade of Fire is the second novel in Stuart Hill 's fantasy series , the Icemark Chronicles .
Nigel de Jong -LRB- ; born 30 November 1984 -RRB- is a Dutch footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester City and the Netherlands national team .
Many other chamber groups can be seen as modifications of the string quartet : the string quintet is a string quartet with an extra viola , cello or double bass ; the string trio has one violin , a viola , and a ` cello ; the piano quintet is a string quartet with an added piano ; the piano quartet is a string quartet with one of the violins replaced by a piano ; and the clarinet quintet is a string quartet with an added clarinet .
The string quartet is widely seen as one of the most important forms in chamber music , with most major composers , from the late 18th century onwards , writing string quartets .
The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year in 1997 .
It was released as the album 's fourth single in 1996 .
`` Ironic '' is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard , and produced by Ballard , for Morissette 's third album Jagged Little Pill -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .
Unlike a solar eclipse , which can only be viewed from a certain relatively small area of the world , a lunar eclipse may be viewed from anywhere on the night side of the Earth . A lunar eclipse lasts for a few hours , whereas a total solar eclipse lasts for only a few minutes at any given place .
Every year there are at least two lunar eclipses , although total lunar eclipses are significantly less common .
The HTML markup produced by this template includes an hCard microformat , which makes the person 's details parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue articles across Wikipedia or via a browser tool operated by a reader , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to an address book or database .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
Date-of-birth -LRB- `` bday '' -RRB- information will only be included in the microformat if , , or are used in the infobox .
She is the mother of singers Rufus Wainwright and Martha Wainwright from her marriage to American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III , which ended in divorce .
Kate McGarrigle , CM -LRB- February 6 , 1946 â `` January 18 , 2010 -RRB- was a Canadian folk music singer-songwriter , who wrote and performed as a duo with her sister Anna McGarrigle .
Saint-M Ã lany is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
Pertheville-Ners is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Masakazu Suzuki is a retired Japanese football player and manager .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower -LRB- ; October 14 , 1890 - March 28 , 1969 -RRB- was a five-star general in the United States Army and the 34th President of the United States , from 1953 until 1961 , and the last to be born in the 19th century .
Joseph Aloysius Lyons , CH -LRB- 15 September 1879-7 April 1939 -RRB- was an Australian politician .
He enrolled at the Faculty of Architecture-Engineering at the University of Budapest , graduating in 1948 .
Ã cs currently lives in Rome with his wife , Armelle .
In May 1962 , he and Luigi Moretti successfully defended the Watergate complex 's design in a special three-hour meeting with the members of the United States Commission of Fine Arts : SGI 's chief architect , Gabor Acs , with professor Luigi Moretti of the University of Rome flew to New York City to defend their designs .
He became partner in `` I. M. Pei and Partners . ''
ISO 3166-2 : BR is the entry for Brazil in ISO 3166-2 , part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization -LRB- ISO -RRB- , which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions -LRB- e.g. , provinces or states -RRB- of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1 .
Currently for Brazil , ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 federal district and 26 states .
Sun Records is a record label founded in Memphis , Tennessee , starting operations on March 27 , 1952 .
Jun Uchida is a Japanese football player currently playing for Albirex Niigata .
This one-minute preview is a viral video that became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards for the reactions its graphic content elicited from viewers who have not seen such films before .
Part of what has facilitated 2 Girls 1 Cup 's spread are the reactions it causes .
The first few seconds of the 2 Girls 1 Cup video contain the text `` MFX 1209 '' -LRB- the production code for Hungry Bitches -RRB- and the URL mfxvideos.com , the website of Fiorito 's MFX Video , leading some in the media to incorrectly believe the video is one of the many Croce had to surrender to the Department of Justice but was somehow leaked in the process .
2 Girls 1 Cup is the unofficial nickname of the trailer for Hungry Bitches , a 2007 Brazilian scat-fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media .
A reaction video starring a Kermit the Frog puppet proved very popular on the community-based popularity website Digg .
Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to three years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $ 98,000 .
Fiorito originally produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .
Authorities in the United States have branded some of his films as obscene and filed charges against Danilo Croce , a Brazilian lawyer living in Florida , listed as an officer of a company distributing Fiorito 's films in the United States .
Fiorito said he did not know his films were illegal in the United States and that his films often contained chocolate instead of feces to appease some of his actors who were willing to appear in scat films but not actually eat fecal matter .
Even Joe Rogan , past host of Fear Factor , a show notorious for the disgusting things its contestants are forced to eat , had to turn away in a reaction video posted to his blog .
Around mid-October 2007 , video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos depicting others ' reactions to watching the video for the first time .
`` Lovers Theme '' by HervÃ Roy , from the movie Delusions of Grandeur , plays throughout .
In January 2008 , Slate documented the reaction video phenomenon with a slideshow featuring various reactions .
The video originated from a Brazilian distributor and filmographer , Marco Fiorito , who describes himself as a `` compulsive fetishist '' .
Many videos exist on YouTube of users showing the original video -LRB- off-camera -RRB- to their friends and filming their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged .
The trailer features two women conducting themselves in fetishistic intimate relations , including defecating into a cup , taking turns ostensibly consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
The Greek historian Herodotus coined the term delta for the Nile River delta because the sediment deposited at its mouth had the shape of the upper-case Greek letter Delta : Î '' .
A delta is a landform that is formed at the mouth of a river where that river flows into an ocean , sea , estuary , lake , reservoir , flat arid area , or another river .
Solid mechanics is the branch of mechanics , physics , and mathematics that concerns the behavior of solid matter under external actions -LRB- e.g. , external forces , temperature changes , applied displacements , etc. -RRB- .
One of the most common practical applications of solid mechanics is the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation .
It is part of a broader study known as continuum mechanics .
Savannah is the largest city and county seat of Chatham County , in the U.S. state of Georgia .
She was said to be the patron and protector of Lower Egypt and upon unification with Upper Egypt , the joint protector and patron of all of Egypt with the `` goddess '' of Upper Egypt .
Childers was up for re-election on November 2 , 2010 .
1This match was played in front of an empty stadium as punishment to Partizan for earlier crowd trouble .
The 2002 â `` 03 UEFA Cup was won by Porto .
Porto defeated Celtic 3 â `` 2 in a final decided by a goal in extra time .
A public memorial to him was placed in the Cloister of St Bartholomew-the-Great , West Smithfield , London , and was unveiled in 1991 by the Lord Mayor of London .
His publications include the chapter on German church music in the 18th century ` The New Oxford History of Music , to many harmony textbooks for music students as well as books entitled Bachâ s Passions , Bach for Choirs , and Performing Bachâ s Vocal Music .
He was educated privately and later studied at the Royal Academy of Music , and with George Oldroyd .
He was a champion of contemporary , mostly British , composers . Commissions and First Performances were established in the 1950s and 1960s and included works by Stravinsky -LRB- Canticum Sacrum , guest conducted by Robert Craft , in 1956 -RRB- , Bruno Maderna , Luigi Dallapiccola , Peter Maxwell Davies , John Tavener , Anthony Milner , Stanley Glasser -LRB- sung in Zulu -RRB- , Christopher Brown , Geoffrey Burgon and his own pupil Nicholas Maw .
Having founded the London Bach Society in 1946 , Dr. Steinitz was then appointed Director of Music and organist at the historic Priory Church of St. Bartholomew-the-Great in London -LRB- 1949 -- 1961 -RRB- and became Senior , then Principal Lecturer at University of London Goldsmiths College -LRB- 1945 -- 1977 -RRB- , serving on the University Senate during his tenure .
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- OBE -RRB- in 1985 , the Bach ter-centenary year .
Paul Steinitz OBE -LRB- August 25 , 1909 -- April 21 , 1988 -RRB- was a pioneer in the post-war interpretation of the music of Johann Sebastian Bach .
-LRB- Charles -RRB- Paul -LRB- Joseph -RRB- Steinitz was born in Chichester in 1909 , the son of an Anglican clergyman .
The playing style complemented the singing style of the choir in the cantatas and passions and their performances of the St Matthew Passion â `` and sometimes the St John Passion â `` were eagerly awaited annual events , generally given in prominent London churches .
In the 1930s , he served as Director of Music at St. Mary 's Ashford , Kent where he developed his keen interest on Bach while studying for his Doctorate -LRB- University of London , 1940 -RRB- .
Paul Steinitz was a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Organists .
In 1952 and with his own forces , Paul Steinitz directed the first performance in Britain of Bachâ s St Matthew Passion in its complete and original German form .
In 1968 he founded the Steinitz Bach Players , a group of professional players who shared Steinitzâ s ideals of authentic performance .
Dr. Steinitz died in April 1988 at home in his beloved 18th century cottage in Old Oxted village and was a devout Quaker who held a passionate belief that music could contribute to peace by bridging political divides .
He was a skilled organist , obtaining his FRCO in 1930 , only six months after taking his ARCO .
A concert in the Royal Academy of Music\/Kohn Foundation Bach Cantata series was dedicated to him , a Steinitz Bach String Prize was inaugurated at the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama , a special Bach Cantata concert performed by Steinitz Bach Players and an array of contemporary Bach singers was presented in the Priory Church of St. Bartholomew the Great and a new 18-30 Bach Club introduced . In 2010 a new development campaign was launched at the London Bach Society 's 20th Bachfest entitled `` Bach for Life '' , the chief aim of which is to secure a central headquarters for the London Bach Society .
ParquÃ s is played with two dice ; two to eight players can compete in the same match , depending on what type of game board is used .
If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn , the dice are passed to the player on the right .
Each player can throw the dice once .
The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass .
The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end .
Once the pieces are freed , they are placed in a special box next to the jail .
The player throws again and must move the points of the dice with 2 pieces .
The player can capture an opponentâ s piece by placing his own piece on the same box as the other playerâ s piece .
Capturing in Colombia is called â eatingâ -LRB- â comerâ in Spanish -RRB- .
The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to `` free '' the pieces .
ParquÃ s is the Colombian version of Parcheesi , which originated in India .
The pieces can not advance backwards , and they can not be in any of the four boxes before their `` Home '' box .
There are boards for 4 , 6 and 8 players .
There are some exceptions to this rule :
There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India , up to date .
Otherwise , the first player frees the pieces and wins an extra turn to move them .
ParquÃ s is the Colombian version of a board game in the Cross and Circle family -LRB- the category that includes Pachisi -RRB- .
The boards usually contain pictures of soccer teams , singers , actors , or other cultural figures on the jail boxes .
There are versions of the board that are made of paper to make it portable .
Moreover , no ParquÃ s game is played in any other Latin American countries .
In Colombia , people from all parts of the country play the game and there are local variations of it . It is very popular ; played by both children and adults .
ParquÃ s stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi , ParchÃ s or Ludo .
The player can avoid capturing the piece , usually done by mistake .
However , the player can capture pieces on his HOME box .
The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and it is where they go whenever an opponent `` captures '' them .
There are three types of special boxes .
Although it could be argued that the game 's origin is Spanish -LRB- from ParchÃ s -RRB- due to the similarity between both games , there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian .
If nobody notices , nothing happens .
Rolling different pairs or `` doubles '' allows more pieces to be `` freed '' :
Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific color .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box .
On that case , an opponent must accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail .
The game is described as a `` random thinking '' game : the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move .
When he frees any piece from jail , the pieces placed on his HOME are captured , that is , sent to its jail , losing all their advances .
This box is called `` Home '' , or `` Salida '' -LRB- literally , `` exit '' in Spanish .
The most common colors are red , blue , yellow and green , usually arranged in that order .
Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece , on capturing pieces , or on winning the game , to make gameplay more interesting .
ParquÃ s is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture .
The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily .
The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces .
At some point , there was a decision to only have Stitch 's name in the titles of both the movie and the subsequent series , which was planned to be called Stitch !
The Movie is a direct-to-video animated spinoff of Lilo & Stitch , released on August 26 , 2003 .
The film 's original title was going to be Lilo & Stitch : A New Ohana .
It is often considered more of a backdoor pilot for the spinoff series Lilo & Stitch : The Series rather than a sequel to the original film .
Zamostea is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Nicolas Peifer , unseeded Frenchman surrendered the final match and Shingo Kunieda defend his 2009 title without play .
To add an article to this category , please use ' instead of ' .
Electronic body music , also called EBM for short , or industrial dance is a music genre that combines elements of industrial music and electronic dance music .
The following are two recent examples of the use of the word ` cabal ' : the first came in an accusation by former United States Secretary of State Colin Powell 's chief of staff , Lawrence Wilkerson , who claimed that the Bush administration 's foreign policy is run by a `` Cheney-Rumsfeld cabal '' implying a sinister intent ; the second was by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who has rallied the world community to support UN sanctions against Zimbabwe , denouncing the regime 's leaders as a `` criminal cabal '' .
The existence or otherwise of cabals has led to the Internet phenomenon originating on Usenet , `` TINC '' -LRB- standing for There Is No Cabal -RRB- . Many Masonic conspiracy theories have pictured Freemasonry as an international secret cabal .
Finite is the opposite of infinite .
Friedensreich Regentag Dunkelbunt Hundertwasser -LRB- December 15 , 1928 - February 19 , 2000 -RRB- was an Austrian painter and architect .
Moolan is a town and union council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad .
However , separating the twins only got serious in the new spin-off .
Phillip `` Phil '' Richard Bill and Lillian `` Lil '' Marie Jill DeVille , or simply Phil and Lil , are the twins from the Nickelodeon shows Rugrats and All Grown Up !
Otherwise , the return value is 1 if the parameter is positive , 0 if it is null , -1 if negative .
This template evaluates its numeric parameter and returns its mathematical sign .
If the parameter is empty or missing , it returns an empty string .
Rocks have been used by humans and other hominids for more than 2 million years .
Plutonic or intrusive rocks result when magma cools and crystallizes slowly within the Earth 's crust -LRB- example granite -RRB- , while volcanic or extrusive rocks result from magma reaching the surface either as lava or fragmental ejecta -LRB- examples pumice and basalt -RRB- .
Igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools and are divided into two main categories : plutonic rock and volcanic .
The use of rocks has had a huge impact on the cultural and technological development of the human race .
These indicators separate rocks into igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic .
The mining of rocks for their metal ore content has been one of the most important factors of human advancement , which has progressed at different rates in different places in part because of the kind of metals available from the rocks of a region .
Properties can have all sorts of dimensions , depending upon the system being considered ; parameters are dimensionless , or have the dimension of time or its reciprocal . ''
The term can also be used in engineering contexts , however , as it is typically used in the physical sciences .
This usage is n't consistent , as sometimes the term channel refers to an individual measured item , with parameter referring to the setup information about that channel .
`` Speaking generally , properties are those physical quantities which directly describe the physical attributes of the system ; parameters are those combinations of the properties which suffice to determine the response of the system .
In engineering -LRB- especially involving data acquisition -RRB- the term parameter sometimes loosely refers to an individual measured item .
The first tropical cyclone of the season , it developed as a subtropical cyclone from a non-tropical low on April 20 to the west of Bermuda .
After attaining tropical characteristics , it became the first tropical storm on record in the month of April .
The combination of the swells and an outgoing tide caused a boat to capsize in Jupiter Inlet on April 20 ; two of its occupants drowned , and the other two were rescued .
Upon its classification by the National Hurricane Center , a tropical storm warning was issued for Bermuda .
Tropical Storm Ana was the only tropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic basin to form during the month of April .
Tropical Storm Ana turned east-northeastward , steadily weakening due to wind shear and an approaching cold front , and on April 24 it became an extratropical cyclone .
Based on its organization , Ana is estimated to have become a tropical storm by 0000 UTC on April 21 .
Prior to the development of Ana , the government of Bermuda issued a gale warning for the island .
As an extratropical storm , the remnants of Ana dropped 0.87 inches -LRB- 22 mm -RRB- of precipitation in the city of Ponta Delgada in the Azores .
Meandering near the island for several days while developing , the storm dropped 2.63 inches -LRB- 67 mm -RRB- of precipitation in a six-day period at the Bermuda International Airport .
It tracked east-southeastward and organized , and on April 21 it transitioned into a tropical cyclone with peak winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- .
Operationally , the cyclone was first classified by the National Hurricane Center around this time , when it was considered a subtropical cyclone .
After turning to the northeast , the circulation center merged with an approaching cold front on April 24 , and Tropical Storm Ana completed the transition into an extratropical cyclone .
On April 20 , Ana became the second subtropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic basin in the month of April , after a subtropical storm in 1992 .
Embedded within the flow of a cyclone to its north , Ana continued eastward , and early on April 22 the wind shear again removed the convection from the center .
There is no real difference in the genetic processes underlying artificial and natural selection , and the concept of artificial selection was used by Charles Darwin as an illustration of the wider process of natural selection .
Artificial selection can also be unintentional ; it is thought that domestication of crops by early humans was largely unintentional .
The term was utilized by Charles Darwin in contrast to natural selection , in which the differential reproduction of organisms with certain traits is attributed to improved survival or reproductive ability -LRB- â Darwinian fitnessâ -RRB- . As opposed to artificial selection , in which humans favor specific traits , in natural selection the environment acts as a sieve through which only certain variations can pass .
Wii Fit sold over a quarter of a million copies in its first week , and despite not being released outside Japan , Wii Fit reached the one million unit sales milestone by January 6 , 2008 , after being released on December 1 , 2007 .
Wii Fit is a video game developed by Nintendo for the company 's home video game console , Wii , designed by Hiroshi Matsunaga . It is an exercise game consisting of activities using the Wii Balance Board peripheral .
After DNA replication , the two sister chromatids align side-by-side and appear to have an undivided centromere , in contrast to mitosis , in which each chromatid appears to have its own separate centromere .
Marianne Curley , -LRB- born 20 May 1959 -RRB- is an Australian author best known for her Guardians of Time Trilogy and Old Magic books .
For example , is a radioactive form of carbon while and are stable isotopes .
Some isotopes are radioactive and are therefore described as radioisotopes or radionuclides , while others have never been observed to undergo radioactive decay and are described as stable isotopes .
As the number of protons increases , so does the ratio of neutrons to protons necessary to ensure a stable nucleus -LRB- see graph at right -RRB- .
No element has eight stable isotopes .
Neutrons , which are electrically neutral , stabilize the nucleus in two ways . Their copresence pushes protons slightly apart , reducing the electrostatic repulsion between the protons , and they exert the attractive nuclear force on each other and on protons .
The main exception to this is the kinetic isotope effect : due to their larger masses , heavier isotopes tend to react somewhat more slowly than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Atomic nuclei consist of protons and neutrons bound together by the residual strong force .
For this reason , one or more neutrons are necessary for two or more protons to be bound into a nucleus .
This is most pronounced for protium and deuterium , because deuterium has twice the mass of protium .
However , for heavier elements , which have more neutrons than lighter elements , the ratio of the nuclear mass to the collective electronic mass is far greater , and the relative mass difference between isotopes is much less .
The number of nucleons -LRB- protons and neutrons -RRB- in the nucleus , known as the mass number , is not the same for two isotopes of any element .
It can be found in temperate and tropical zones .
The pores are perforations in the endoskeleton through which podia for gas exchange project from the body .
The Common Sand Dollar , Echinarachnius parma , is widespread in ocean waters of the Northern Hemisphere , from the intertidal zone to considerable depths .
The petal-like pattern in sand dollars consists of five paired rows of pores .
Its food consists of crustacean larvae , small copepods , diatoms , algae and detritus .
Many incorrect proofs have been proposed , including those by Cayley , Kempe , and others .
A minor or subcontraction of a graph is any graph obtained by taking a subgraph and contracting some -LRB- or no -RRB- edges . Many graph properties are hereditary for minors , which means that a graph has a property if and only if all minors have it too .
A graph may be undirected , meaning that there is no distinction between the two vertices associated with each edge , or its edges may be directed from one vertex to another ; see graph -LRB- mathematics -RRB- for more detailed definitions and for other variations in the types of graphs that are commonly considered . The graphs studied in graph theory should not be confused with graphs of functions or other kinds of graphs .
Cayley linked his results on trees with the contemporary studies of chemical composition .
The graphs studied in graph theory should not be confused with graphs of functions or other kinds of graphs .
Enumerative graph theory then rose from the results of Cayley and the fundamental results published by PÃ lya between 1935 and 1937 and the generalization of these by De Bruijn in 1959 .
The works of Ramsey on colorations and more specially the results obtained by TurÃ n in 1941 was at the origin of another branch of graph theory , extremal graph theory .
Euler 's formula relating the number of edges , vertices , and faces of a convex polyhedron was studied and generalized by Cauchy and L'Huillier , and is at the origin of topology .
A simpler proof considering only 633 configurations was given twenty years later by Robertson , Seymour , Sanders and Thomas .
One of the most famous and productive problems of graph theory is the four color problem : `` Is it true that any map drawn in the plane may have its regions colored with four colors , in such a way that any two regions having a common border have different colors ? ''
This paper , as well as the one written by Vandermonde on the knight problem , carried on with the analysis situs initiated by Leibniz .
A computer-aided proof produced in 1976 by Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken makes fundamental use of the notion of `` discharging '' developed by Heesch . The proof involved checking the properties of 1,936 configurations by computer , and was not fully accepted at the time due to its complexity .
Another important factor of common development of graph theory and topology came from the use of the techniques of modern algebra .
The autonomous development of topology from 1860 and 1930 fertilized graph theory back through the works of Jordan , Kuratowski and Whitney .
The four color problem remained unsolved for more than a century .
This problem was first posed by Francis Guthrie in 1852 and its first written record is in a letter of De Morgan addressed to Hamilton the same year .
The first example of such a use comes from the work of the physicist Gustav Kirchhoff , who published in 1845 his Kirchhoff 's circuit laws for calculating the voltage and current in electric circuits .
Tait 's reformulation generated a new class of problems , the factorization problems , particularly studied by Petersen and KÅ ` nig .
The study and the generalization of this problem by Tait , Heawood , Ramsey and Hadwiger led to the study of the colorings of the graphs embedded on surfaces with arbitrary genus .
Sede do BankBoston -LRB- formerly EdifÃ cio ItaÃ Bank , at ItaÃ FidelitÃ Marginal Pinheiros -RRB- is a 35-story skyscraper in SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil .
Inaugurated in 2002 , and has 145 meters in height and 35 floors , making it one of the largest in the country and most modern high-rise in Latin America .
Altskeith is a hotel in Stirling , Scotland on the north shore of Loch Ard .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is an important international business and financial center and renowned for its fashion and trade fairs .
In 1946 DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf was made capital of the new federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
In 1609 , the ducal line of the United Duchies of JÃ 1\/4 lich-Cleves-Berg died out , and after a virulent struggle over succession , JÃ 1\/4 lich and Berg fell to the Wittelsbach Counts of Palatinate-Neuburg , who made DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf their main domicile , even after they inherited the Electoral Palatinate , in 1685 , becoming now Prince-electors as Electors Palatine .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf lies at the center of the Lower Rhine basin , on a River delta , where the DÃ 1\/4 ssel flows into the Rhine .
Rhine Fire DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf was an established team of the NFL Europe and won the World Bowl two times in 1998 and 2000 . DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf has a successful rugby union team -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Dragons -RRB- , who play in the regional NRW league and consistently finish with a top 3 position .
The city is connected to the A3 , A44 , A46 , A52 , A57 , A59 and A524 motorways .
The airport offers 180 destinations on 4 continents , and is served by 70 airlines .
By the mid-19th century , DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf enjoyed a revival thanks to the Industrial Revolution as the city boasted 100,000 inhabitants by 1882 ; the figure doubled in 1892 .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf has a successful rugby union team -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Dragons -RRB- , who play in the regional NRW league and consistently finish with a top 3 position . Table tennis is also played -LRB- Borussia DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf - the most successful team in Germany with Timo Boll -RRB- , as are handball -LRB- HSG DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf -RRB- , basketball -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Giants -RRB- , baseball -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Senators -RRB- and dancing -LRB- Rot-Wei Ã DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf -RRB- .
More than 1,000 trains stop in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf every day .
Table tennis is also played -LRB- Borussia DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf - the most successful team in Germany with Timo Boll -RRB- , as are handball -LRB- HSG DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf -RRB- , basketball -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Giants -RRB- , baseball -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Senators -RRB- and dancing -LRB- Rot-Wei Ã DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf -RRB- .
In 1380 , DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf was made regional capital of the Duchy of Berg .
In DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf there are about 170 national and international financial institutions , and about 130 insurance agencies , and one of the biggest German stock exchanges .
Many of the internet companies in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf have their roots in the world of advertising : there are 400 advertising agencies in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , among them three of the largest in Germany : BBDO Group , Publicis Group and Grey Group .
The punk band Die Toten Hosen , which is famous around the world , also the most popular singers in Germany Westernhagen and Heino come from DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Kaiserswerth eventually became a suburb of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf in 1929 .
In 1186 DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf came under the rule of Berg .
There are 18 internet service providers located in the capital of North-Rhine Westphalia . With two of the four big German providers of mobile frequencies , D2 Vodafone and E-Plus , DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf leads the German mobile phone market .
Other sports in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf are ice hockey -LRB- the DEG Metro Stars , former DEG - DÃ 1\/4 sseldorfer Eislauf Gemeinschaft , which play in the new ISS-Dome -RRB- and American football .
After Frankfurt and Munich , DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf International Airport is Germany 's third largest commercial airport , with 18.6 million passengers annually .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf has a successful rugby union team -LRB- DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Dragons -RRB- , who play in the regional NRW league and consistently finish with a top 3 position .
In the 7th and 8th centuries , the odd farming or fishing settlement could be found at the point where the small river DÃ 1\/4 ssel flows into the Rhine .
In 1948 , Andrei Zhdanov appointed Khrennikov Secretary of the Union of Soviet Composers , a job he would keep until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 and for which he is most remembered .
ITV2 is a 24 hour , free-to-air entertainment television channel in the United Kingdom owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd , a division of ITV plc. .
It was launched on 7 December 1998 , and is available on digital television via satellite , cable , IPTV and terrestrial -LRB- Freeview -RRB- platforms .
There are two basic conceptions of environmental human rights in the current human rights system .
International non-governmental human rights organizations such as Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , International Service for Human Rights and FIDH monitor what they see as human rights issues around the world and promote their views on the subject . Human Rights organizations have been said to '' `` translate complex international issues into activities to be undertaken by concerned citizens in their own community '' .
A number of Asian countries are accused of serious human rights abuses by the international community and human rights organizations .
The three principal regional human rights instruments are the African Charter on Human and Peoples ' Rights , the American Convention on Human Rights -LRB- the Americas -RRB- and the European Convention on Human Rights .
Juliaetta is a city in Latah County , Idaho , United States .
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar -LRB- ; commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar -RRB- was the sixth Prime Minister of Pakistan for approximately 2 months from October 17 , 1957 to December 16 , 1957 .
A policy dispute occurs when an agreement can not be reached regarding a policy or guideline .
Wagenhausen is a municipality in the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The name cystic fibrosis refers to the characteristic scarring -LRB- fibrosis -RRB- and cyst formation within the pancreas , first recognized in the 1930s .
Difficulty breathing is the most serious symptom and results from frequent lung infections that are treated with , though not cured by , antibiotics and other medications .
CF is most common among Caucasians ; one in 2500 people of European descent carry one allele for CF .
Therefore , CF is considered an autosomal recessive disease .
Although most people without CF have two working copies of the CFTR gene , only one is needed to prevent cystic fibrosis .
A multitude of other symptoms , including sinus infections , poor growth , diarrhea , and infertility result from the effects of CF on other parts of the body .
CF is caused by a mutation in the gene cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator -LRB- CFTR -RRB- .
CF develops when neither gene works normally .
This gene is required to regulate the components of sweat , digestive juices , and mucus .
Cystic fibrosis -LRB- also known as CF or mucoviscidosis -RRB- is a common recessive genetic disease which affects the entire body , causing progressive disability and often early death .
HÃ rma is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
In common law , real property was property that could be protected by some form of real action , in contrast to personal property , where a plaintiff would have to resort to another form of action .
Real property and personal property are the two main subunits of property in English Common Law .
In English law , real property is not confined to the ownership of property and the buildings sited thereon - often referred to as `` land . '' Real property also includes many legal relationships between individuals or owners of land that are purely conceptual .
Uddingston is a village in South Lanarkshire , Scotland , on the north side of the River Clyde , approximately seven miles to the south-east of Glasgow .
The archipelago , consisting of East Falkland , West Falkland and 776 lesser islands , is a self-governing British Overseas Territory . The capital , Stanley , is on East Falkland .
The Falkland Islands are an archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean , located about 250 n from the coast of mainland South America .
This is exactly 72,057,594,037,927,936 , or approximately 72 quadrillion , possible keys .
When DES was approved as a federal standard in 1976 , a machine fast enough to test that many keys in a reasonable amount of time would have cost an unreasonable amount of money to build .
In cryptography , the EFF DES cracker -LRB- nicknamed `` Deep Crack '' -RRB- is a machine built by the Electronic Frontier Foundation -LRB- EFF -RRB- in 1998 to perform a brute force search of DES cipher 's key space â '' that is , to decrypt an encrypted message by trying every possible key .
DES uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .
The aim in doing this was to prove that DES 's key is not long enough to be secure .
He has played for Japan national team .
Hisashi Kaneko -LRB- born September 12 , 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Beachwood education system is a Blue Ribbon awarded school , ranked amongst the top fifty schools in Ohio .
This basin encompasses seven million square kilometers -LRB- 1.7 billion acres -RRB- , of which five and a half million square kilometers -LRB- 1.4 billion acres -RRB- are covered by the rainforest .
Wet tropical forests are the most species-rich biome , and tropical forests in the Americas are consistently more species rich than the wet forests in Africa and Asia .
As the largest tract of tropical rainforest in the Americas , the Amazonian rainforests have unparalleled biodiversity .
Kimonos made of fabrics such as cotton and polyester generally reflect a more casual style .
However , most kimonos owned by kimono hobbyists or by practitioners of traditional arts are far less expensive . Enterprising people make their own kimono and undergarments by following a standard pattern , or by recycling older kimonos .
Many modern Japanese women lack the skill to put on a kimono unaided : the typical woman 's kimono outfit consists of twelve or more separate pieces that are worn , matched , and secured in prescribed ways , and the assistance of licensed professional kimono dressers may be required . Called upon mostly for special occasions , kimono dressers both work out of hair salons and make house calls .
A woman 's kimono may easily exceed US$ 10,000 ; a complete kimono outfit , with kimono , undergarments , obi , ties , socks , sandals , and accessories , can exceed US$ 20,000 .
The word `` kimono '' , which literally means a `` thing to wear '' -LRB- ki `` wear '' and mono `` thing '' -RRB- , has come to denote these full-length robes . The standard plural of the word kimono in English is kimonos , but the unmarked Japanese plural kimono is also sometimes used .
A single obi may cost several thousand dollars .
The standard plural of the word kimono in English is kimonos , but the unmarked Japanese plural kimono is also sometimes used .
Men wear the kimono most often at weddings , tea ceremonies , and other very special or very formal occasions .
Nor does it correspond to the many other ways of defining a year -LRB- for which , see Year -RRB- .
In astronomy , a Julian year -LRB- symbol : a -RRB- is a unit of measurement of time defined as exactly 365.25 days of 86,400 SI seconds each , totalling 31,557,600 seconds .
Nevertheless , because a Julian year measures duration rather than designating a date , the Julian year does not correspond to years in the Julian calendar or any other calendar .
The Julian year is the average length of the year in the Julian calendar used in Western societies in previous centuries , and for which the unit is named .
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach , a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret .
It is commonly used to represent the speed of an object when it is traveling close to or above the speed of sound .
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach , a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret . Because the Mach number is often viewed as a dimensionless quantity rather than a unit of measure , with Mach , the number comes after the unit ; the second Mach number is `` Mach 2 '' instead of `` 2 Mach '' -LRB- or Machs -RRB- .
Because the Mach number is often viewed as a dimensionless quantity rather than a unit of measure , with Mach , the number comes after the unit ; the second Mach number is `` Mach 2 '' instead of `` 2 Mach '' -LRB- or Machs -RRB- .
The unit symbol for the mebibyte is MiB .
In telecommunications , a self-synchronizing code is a line code in which the symbol stream formed by a portion of one code word , or by the overlapped portion of any two adjacent code words , is not a valid code word .
This was settled outside court .
He was head coach in the 1984 Summer Olympics , and team manager in 1992 and 1996 .
He was the first Australian swimmer to first participate at the Olympics as both an athlete and a coach .
Terrence William `` Terry '' Buck was an Australian swimmer and coach .
Police Strike Force Solano had begun private investigations into the matter in 1998 , but dismissed it in 2001 as lacking evidence .
In 2003 , Greg Rogers filed a civil lawsuit against Buck , accusing him of repeated sexual assault beginning in 1960 when Rogers was 11 and Buck 16 .
Buck was also a surf lifesaver and a life member of the Clovelly Surf Club in New South Wales .
He represented Australia at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the 400m individual medley and placed eighth .
He also claimed that his younger brother , Neil , was sexually abused from the age of eight .
After Buck 's death , the The Daily Telegraph published an interview with an unnamed `` Olympic and Commonwealth medalist '' who made public charges of having experienced abuse at Buck 's hands as a child .
He died in a tractor accident on his farm , leaving behind his wife Laraine and three daughters .
She said that she had `` trusted '' Rogers , who had been the godfather of their late daughter , Sarah , and that having `` looked at it from every angle , I can say with certainty in my they are lies . ''
In the United States and Canada , this time zone is generically called Mountain Time -LRB- MT -RRB- .
The Navajo Nation , most of which lies within Arizona , does observe daylight saving time , although the Hopi Nation , as well as some Arizona state offices lying within the Navajo Nation , do not .
The zone is one hour ahead of the Pacific Time Zone and one hour behind the Central Time Zone .
Specifically , it is Mountain Standard Time -LRB- MST -RRB- when observing standard time -LRB- Winter -RRB- , and Mountain Daylight Time -LRB- MDT -RRB- when observing daylight saving time .
Most of Arizona does not observe daylight saving time , and during summer months is on the same time as Pacific Daylight Time , though it is still called Mountain Standard Time in Arizona .
The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation , a member of the President 's Cabinet , and fourteenth in the Presidential line of succession .
PorchÃ res is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The Province of Macerata is a province in the Marche region of Italy .
Nasi lemak kukus which means steam nasi lemak is another name given to nasi lemak served with steamed rice .
NTSC , named for the National Television System Committee , is the analog television system that is used in most of North America , most of South America -LRB- except Brazil , Argentina , Uruguay , and French Guiana -RRB- , Burma , South Korea , Taiwan , Japan , the Philippines , and some Pacific island nations and territories -LRB- see map -RRB- .
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
Smash Hits was a pop music based magazine , aimed at teenagers and young adults and originally published in the United Kingdom by EMAP .
It ran from 1978 to 2006 and was issued fortnightly for most of that time .
BrÃ nod is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
The principle of the flywheel is found in the Neolithic spindle and the potter 's wheel .
In the Industrial Revolution , James Watt contributed to the development of the flywheel in the steam engine , and his contemporary James Pickard used a flywheel combined with a crank to transform reciprocating into rotary motion .
Unforgiven -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on September 7 , 2008 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland , Ohio .
Cardan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The two countries had shared a monarch since the Union of the Crowns in 1603 , when King James VI of Scotland inherited the English throne from his double first cousin twice removed , Queen Elizabeth I. Although described as a Union of Crowns , until 1707 there were in fact two separate Crowns resting on the same head .
The Acts of Union were two Parliamentary Acts passed in 1706 by the Parliament of England , and in 1707 by the Parliament of Scotland , which put into effect the terms of the Treaty of Union that had been agreed on 22 July 1706 , following negotiation between commissioners representing the parliaments of the two countries .
The Acts joined the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland -LRB- previously separate states , with separate legislatures but with the same monarch -RRB- into a single , united kingdom named `` Great Britain '' .
One characteristic of Java is portability , which means that computer programs written in the Java language must run similarly on any supported hardware\/operating-system platform .
This is achieved by compiling the Java language code to an intermediate representation called Java bytecode , instead of directly to platform-specific machine code .
Java is a programming language originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems -LRB- which is now a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation -RRB- and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems ' Java platform .
Major web browsers soon incorporated the ability to run Java applets within web pages , and Java quickly became popular .
Sun Microsystems released the first public implementation as Java 1.0 in 1995 .
Java bytecode instructions are analogous to machine code , but are intended to be interpreted by a virtual machine -LRB- VM -RRB- written specifically for the host hardware .
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode -LRB- class file -RRB- that can run on any Java Virtual Machine -LRB- JVM -RRB- regardless of computer architecture .
The syntax of Java is largely derived from C + + .
A `` Hello world '' program is a computer program that prints out `` Hello world '' on a display device .
For modern languages , the hello world program tends to subtly grow in sophistication . For example , the Go programming language introduced a multilingual hello world program , Sun demonstrated a Java hello world based on scalable vector graphics , and the XL programming language features a spinning Earth hello world using 3D graphics .
Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak -LRB- 5,887 m -RRB- in Naltar Valley , Pakistan .
Montracol is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Harelbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
It was composed sometime in the middle of the 18th century during the Qing Dynasty .
`` Redology '' is the field of study devoted exclusively to this work .
While any form of energy may be conserved , electricity is the type most commonly referred to in connection with conservation .
Energy conservation is the act of using energy in a more efficient and effective manner .
Atlas Shrugged is a novel by Ayn Rand , first published in 1957 in the United States .
Rand 's fourth and last novel , it was also her longest , and the one she considered to be her magnum opus in the realm of fiction writing .
While it is now something of a delicacy in North America , the grain is no longer eaten in China , where the plant 's stem is used as a vegetable .
The grain was historically gathered and eaten in both North America and China .
Wild rice -LRB- also called Canada rice , Indian rice , and water oats -RRB- is four species of grasses forming the genus Zizania , and the grain which can be harvested from them .
Paula Jane Radcliffe , MBE -LRB- born 17 December 1973 -RRB- is an English long-distance runner . She is the current women 's world record holder in the marathon .
Susumu Oki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Ehime .
It is the largest settlement in the Howe o ' the Mearns area and houses the local secondary school ; Mearns Academy , which was awarded the Charter Mark in 2003 .
Laurencekirk is a small town in the ancient county of Kincardineshire , modern county of Aberdeenshire , Scotland , just off the A90 Dundee to Aberdeen main road .
The 2004 population is estimated at 3,596 .
Branchville is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States , and the home of Faith United Christian Center .
Hellikon is a municipality in the Rheinfelden district of canton Aargau in Switzerland .
Lahti is a city and municipality in Finland .
The Vancouver Canucks are a professional ice hockey team based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . They are members of the Northwest Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Exile can also be a self-imposed departure from one 's homeland .
Ovidiu BurcÄ -LRB- born 16 March 1980 in Slatina -RRB- is a Romanian footballer who currently plays for the Romanian team FC Politehnica TimiÅ oara .
The summary below contains the local bus routes in parts of Derbyshire , Cheshire and Greater Manchester -LRB- both those operated under contract to local authorities and those which are commercial -RRB- .
Also , using new Wiki technology , if the service number is blue , you can click on it for the timetable !
Eric W. Bowers Coaches Limited trading as Bowers -LRB- formerly known as Bowers Coaches -RRB- is a bus operator based in the High Peak district of Derbyshire in the United Kingdom .
Hugo LaFayette Black -LRB- February 27 , 1886 â `` September 25 , 1971 -RRB- was an American politician and jurist .
Black was nominated to the Supreme Court by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 63 to 13 .
The first XHTML Family Markup Languages to be developed with this technique were XHTML 1.1 and XHTML Basic 1.0 .
XHTML -LRB- eXtensible HyperText Markup Language -RRB- is a family of XML markup languages that mirror or extend versions of the widely-used Hypertext Markup Language -LRB- HTML -RRB- , the language in which web pages are written .
There are various differences between XHTML and HTML .
Hull is a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
Tomoji Eguchi is a retired Japanese footballer .
His San Luis result earned him direct entry to the World Chess Championship 2007 .
In 1992 , he tied for 1st-2nd with Ragim Gasimov in the USSR Junior Open Chess Championship .
In that tournament he scored 6.5 out of 14 , placing 5th out of eight players .
But in general I spend most of my spare time with my wife and kids , so my relative success in 2005 was a pleasant surprise . ''
He also finished tied for first with Vladimir Kramnik at the Dortmund 2006 .
In an interview given for World Chess Network after the World Chess Championship 2005 held in San Luis , he said : `` I only prepared seriously for San Luis , and I think it has paid off .
In 2006 he went second behind Alexander Grischuk at the World Blitz Championship in Rishon Lezion , Israel , with 10.5 points out of 15 games .
He became Grandmaster in 1994 .
Svidler learned to play chess when he was six years old .
Yosuke Nakata is a Japanese football player currently playing for Grulla Morioka .
Bradley played junior hockey in the Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League for the Port Arthur West End Bruins from 1946 to 1949 , winning the playoff championship in 1948 and 1949 as well as the 1948 Memorial Cup .
He turned pro in 1949 and signed with the American Hockey League 's Hershey Bears , but was called up to play one game for the Boston Bruins , which turned out to be his only game in the National Hockey League .
Spells in the United States Hockey League for the Tulsa Oilers and the Pacific Coast Hockey League with the Tacoma Rockets was followed by a seven-year tenure in the Western Hockey League , beginning with the Rockets who only lasted one season .
Investigations by The New York Times , CNN , and other news organizations concluded that Obama does not have a close relationship with Ayers .
Ayers writes : Although the bomb that rocked the Pentagon was itsy-bitsy - weighing close to two pounds - it caused ` tens of thousands of dollars ' of damage .
That 's just not true .
She was fined $ 1,500 and given three years probation .
`` He was sweet and patient , as he always is , to let me come to my senses on my own '' , she later said of Ayers .
-LRB- Laughs -RRB- We have always been small ` c ' communists in the sense that we were never in the Communist party and never Stalinists .
Numerous observations were made in the media comparing the statements Ayers was making about his own past just as a dramatic terrorist incident shocked the public .
But that 's not the point at all .
Before the June 1969 SDS convention , Ayers became a prominent leader of the group , which arose as a result of a schism in SDS .
Some media reports and political critics have suggested that Ayers , Dohrn or the Weathermen were connected to the fatal 1970 San Francisco Police Department Park Station bombing but neither Ayers nor anyone else has been charged or convicted of this crime .
After the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion in 1970 , in which Weatherman member Ted Gold , Ayers ' close friend Terry Robbins , and Ayers ' girlfriend , Diana Oughton were killed when a bomb being assembled in the house exploded , Ayers and several associates evaded pursuit by US law enforcement officials .
Larry Grathwohl , a Federal Bureau of Investigation informant in the Weatherman group from the fall of 1969 to the spring of 1970 , stated that `` Ayers , along with Bernardine Dohrn , probably had the most authority within the Weatherman '' .
He rose to national prominence as an SDS leader in 1968 and 1969 .
In 2001 , Ayers published Fugitive Days : A Memoir , which he explained in part as an attempt to answer the questions of Kathy Boudin 's son , and his speculation that Diana Oughton died trying to stop the Greenwich Village bomb makers .
His first teaching job came shortly afterward at the Children 's Community School , a preschool with a very small enrollment operating in a church basement , founded by a group of students in emulation of the Summerhill method of education .
I also like Henry David Thoreau , Mother Jones and Jane Addams -LRB- ... -RRB- '' In 1970 Ayers was called `` a national leader '' of the Weatherman organization and `` one of the chief theoreticians of the Weathermen '' by The New York Times .
Ayers earned a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American Studies in 1968 -LRB- his father , mother and older brother had preceded him there -RRB- .
Our effectiveness can be â '' and still is being â '' debated .
Chicago Magazine reported that `` just before the September 11th attacks , '' Richard Elrod , a city lawyer injured in the Weathermen 's Chicago `` Days of Rage , '' received an apology from Ayers and Dohrn for their part in the violence . ''
During the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign , a controversy arose regarding Ayers ' contacts with then-candidate Barack Obama , a matter that had been public knowledge in Chicago for years .
In an interview published in 1995 , Ayers characterized his political beliefs at that time and in the 1960s and 1970s : `` I am a radical , Leftist , small ` c ' communist ... -LRB- Laughs -RRB- Maybe I 'm the last communist who is willing to admit it .
The group Ayers headed in Detroit , Michigan became one of the earliest gatherings of what became the Weatherman .
The Weather Underground went on to take responsibility for placing several small bombs in empty offices ... We did carry out symbolic acts of extreme vandalism directed at monuments to war and racism , and the attacks on property , never on people , were meant to respect human life and convey outrage and determination to end the Vietnam war .
Would you do it again under similar circumstances ? ''
`` They said , ` We 're sorry that things turned out this way . ' ''
Ayers and Dohrn currently live in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago .
In 1997 Chicago awarded him its Citizen of the Year award for his work on the Chicago Annenberg Challenge project .
Larry Grathwohl , an undercover FBI agent who infiltrated The Weather Underground , claimed that Ayers wanted to overthrow the United States government .
... I do n't think so .
Much of the controversy about Ayers during the decade since 2000 stems from an interview he gave to The New York Times on the occasion of the memoir 's publication .
In this context , ` we ' means ` everyone . ' ''
In June 1969 , the Weatherman took control of the SDS at its national convention , where Ayers was elected Education Secretary .
On September 9 , 2008 , journalist Jake Tapper reported on the comic strip in Ayers ' blog explaining the soundbite : `` The one thing I do n't regret is opposing the war in Vietnam with every ounce of my being ... When I say , ` We did n't do enough , ' a lot of people rush to think , ` That must mean , `` We did n't bomb enough shit . '' '
Schools in the movement had no grades or report cards ; they aimed to encourage cooperation rather than competition , and the teachers had pupils address them by their first names .
The school was a part of the nationwide `` free school movement '' .
It 's not a tactical statement , it 's an obvious political and ethical statement .
Ayers became involved in the New Left and the Students for a Democratic Society -LRB- SDS -RRB- .
Ayers was not facing criminal charges at the time , but the federal government later filed charges against him .
Historian Jesse Lemisch -LRB- himself a former member of SDS -RRB- contrasted Ayers ' recollections with those of other former members of Weatherman and has alleged serious factual errors .
He has edited and written many books and articles on education theory , policy and practice , and has appeared on many panels and symposia .
`` The thing the most bone chilling thing Bill Ayers said to me was that after the revolution succeeded and the government was overthrown , they believed they would have to eliminate 25 million Americans who would not conform to the new order . ''
However , when asked if he ever made bombs , Ayers replied : `` I 'm just not going to talk about it . ''
There also he met Diana Oughton , who would become his girlfriend until her death in 1970 .
Ayers , in the foreword to his book , states that it was written as his personal memories and impressions over time , not a scholarly research project .
Ayers is married to Bernardine Dohrn , a fellow former leader of the Weather Underground .
In June 1974 , the Weather Underground released a 151-page volume titled Prairie Fire , which stated : `` We are a guerrilla organization -LRB- ... -RRB- We are communist women and men underground in the United States -LRB- ... -RRB- '' The Weatherman leadership , including Ayers , pushed for a radical reformulation of sexual relations under the slogan `` Smash Monogamy '' .
He began his career in primary education while an undergraduate , teaching at the Childrenâ s Community School -LRB- CCS -RRB- , a project founded by a group of students and based on the Summerhill method of education .
He replied : `` I 've thought about this a lot .
They have two adult children and shared legal guardianship of Chesa Boudin , son of Kathy Boudin and David Gilbert .
As head of an SDS regional group , the `` Jesse James Gang , '' Ayers made decisive contributions to the Weatherman orientation toward militancy .
In an interview with ABC7 reporter Alan Wang , Ayers stated that `` Now that 's being blown into dishonest narratives about hurting people , killing people , planning to kill people .
However , state charges against Dohrn remained .
We destroyed government property , '' said Ayers .
-LRB- The statue was rebuilt and unveiled on May 4 , 1970 , and blown up again by other Weathermen on October 6 , 1970 .
`` Never said it .
Dohrn was still reluctant to turn herself in to authorities .
The ethics of communism still appeal to me .
In an op-ed piece after the election , Ayers denied any close association with Obama , and castigated the Republican campaign for its use of guilt by association tactics .
In the ensuing years , Ayers has repeatedly avowed that when he said he had `` no regrets '' and that `` we did n't do enough '' he was speaking only in reference to his efforts to stop the United States from waging the Vietnam War , efforts which he has described as '' ... inadequate -LRB- as -RRB- the war dragged on for a decade . ''
Within a few months , at age 21 , Ayers became director of the school .
He is a retired professor in the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago , formerly holding the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar .
She turned herself in to authorities in 1980 .
The reporter quoted him as saying `` I do n't regret setting bombs '' and `` I feel we did n't do enough '' , and , when asked if he would `` do it all again , '' as saying `` I do n't want to discount the possibility . ''
In 1965 , Ayers joined a picket line protesting an Ann Arbor , Michigan pizzeria for refusing to seat African Americans .
Ayers has maintained that the two statements were not intended to imply a wish they had set more bombs .
His parents are Mary -LRB- nÃ e Andrew -RRB- and Thomas G. Ayers , who was later Chairman and CEO of Commonwealth Edison -LRB- 1973 to 1980 -RRB- , and for whom the Thomas G. Ayers College of Commerce and Industry was named .
After leaving the underground , he earned an M. Ed from Bank Street College in Early Childhood Education -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , an M. Ed from Teachers College , Columbia University in Early Childhood Education -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and an Ed .
The Weather Underground crossed lines of legality , of propriety and perhaps even of common sense .
And again , Larry Grathwohl , I do n't know him today , but certainly the FBI was an organization built on lies . ''
-LRB- T -RRB- hey were remorseful , '' Elrod says .
D from Teachers College , Columbia University in Curriculum and Instruction -LRB- 1987 -RRB- .
Due to the illegal tactics of FBI agents involved with the program , government attorneys requested all weapons - and bomb-related charges be dropped against the Weather Underground , including charges against Ayers .
William Charles `` Bill '' Ayers -LRB- born December 26 , 1944 -RRB- is an American elementary education theorist and a former leader in the movement that opposed U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War .
In 1973 , new information came to light about FBI operations targeted against Weather Underground and the New Left , all part of a series of covert and often illegal FBI projects called COINTEL .
Ayers participated in the Days of Rage riot in Chicago in October 1969 , and in December was at the `` War Council '' meeting in Flint , Michigan .
His first arrest came for a sit-in at a local draft board , resulting in 10 days in jail .
I think what we did was to respond to a situation that was unconscionable . ''
Their founding document called for the establishment of a `` white fighting force '' to be allied with the `` Black Liberation Movement '' and other `` anti-colonial '' movements to achieve `` the destruction of US imperialism and the achievement of a classless world : world communism . ''
Ayers protested the interviewer 's characterizations in a Letter to the Editor published September 15 , 2001 : `` This is not a question of being misunderstood or ` taken out of context ' , but of deliberate distortion . ''
In 1969 he co-founded the Weather Underground , a self-described communist revolutionary group that conducted a campaign of bombing public buildings during the 1960s and 1970s , in response to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War .
The operation cost under $ 500 , and no one was killed or even hurt .
Two major decisions came out of the `` War Council . ''
In the months before Ayers ' memoir was published on September 10 , 2001 , the author gave numerous interviews with newspaper and magazine writers in which he defended his overall history of radical words and actions .
I do n't like Lenin as much as the early Marx .
Some have questioned the truth , accuracy , and tone of the book .
Rebuilding it yet again , the city posted a 24-hour police guard to prevent another blast , and in January 1972 it was moved to Chicago police headquarters . -RRB-
After being raised by the British press the connection was picked up by conservative blogs and newspapers in the United States .
Chesa Boudin went on to win a Rhodes scholarship .
The blast broke almost 100 windows and blew pieces of the statue onto the nearby Kennedy Expressway .
Ayers was asked in a January 2004 interview , `` How do you feel about what you did ?
Ayers participated in the bombings of New York City Police Department headquarters in 1970 , the United States Capitol building in 1971 , and the Pentagon in 1972 , as he noted in his 2001 book , Fugitive Days .
The Weathermen were initially part of the Revolutionary Youth Movement -LRB- RYM -RRB- within the SDS , splitting from the RYM 's Maoists by claiming there was no time to build a vanguard party and that revolutionary war against the United States government and the capitalist system should begin immediately .
Brent Staples wrote for The New York Times Book Review that `` Ayers reminds us often that he ca n't tell everything without endangering people involved in the story .
Ayers is a retired professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago , College of Education .
Ayers grew up in Glen Ellyn , a suburb of Chicago , Illinois .
During the 2008 US presidential campaign , a controversy arose over his contacts with candidate Barack Obama .
Being almost 60 , it 's impossible to not have lots and lots of regrets about lots and lots of things , but the question of did we do something that was horrendous , awful ?
Never thought it .
In an interview in January 2009 , Grathwohl stated that :
In 1973 Ayers co-authored the book Prairie Fire with other members of the Weather Underground which they dedicated to close to 200 people including Harriet Tubman , John Brown , ` All Who Continue to Fight ' , and ` All Political Prisoners in the U.S. ' . The list includes Sirhan Sirhan , convicted assassin of Robert F. Kennedy .
Some of the resulting articles were written before the September 11 attacks and appeared immediately after , including one often-noted article in The New York Times , and another in the Chicago Tribune .
The matter was raised in a campaign debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos , and later became an issue for the John McCain presidential campaign .
He attended public schools there until his second year in high school , when he transferred to Lake Forest Academy , a small prep school .
This template provides a convenient way to produce an external link to an episode of John Gilliland 's the Pop Chronicles music documentary .
In 1981 , Adam Yauch , aka MCA , a friend and follower of the band became their bass player , and from the suggestion of their then-guitar player , John Berry , the band changed their name to the Beastie Boys .
Michael Diamond , better known as Mike D -LRB- born November 20 , 1965 -RRB- , is a founding member of New York hip hop group the Beastie Boys .
In 1992 , Mike D founded the Beastie Boys ' now-defunct record label Grand Royal Records .
In 1979 , Diamond co-founded the band The Young Aborigines .
Port-Brillet is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
MadrÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Its fossils have been found in both England and in Arizona , in the United States .
It lived during the Early Jurassic Period , during the Hettangian to Sinemurian stages around 208 to 194 million years ago .
Ï Î Ï meaning ` lizard ' -RRB- is a genus of quadrupedal , lightly plated , herbivorous dinosaur about 4 m long .
Page-dependent magic words will affect or return data about the current page , even if the word is added through a transcluded template or included system message .
Octavian 's fleet was commanded by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa , while Antony 's fleet was supported by the ships of Queen Cleopatra of Ptolemaic Egypt .
The battle took place on 2 September 31 BC , on the Ionian Sea near the Roman colony of Actium in Greece .
As Augustus , he would retain the trappings of a restored Republican leader ; however , historians generally view this consolidation of power and the adoption of these honorifics as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire .
To that end , he adopted the title of Princeps -LRB- `` first citizen '' -RRB- and as a result of the victory was awarded the title of Augustus by the Roman Senate .
It was fought between the forces of Octavian and the combined forces of Mark Antony and Cleopatra VII .
The Battle of Actium was the decisive confrontation of the Final War of the Roman Republic .
Octavian 's victory enabled him to consolidate his power over Rome and its dominions .
German philosophy , here taken to mean either -LRB- 1 -RRB- philosophy in the German language or -LRB- 2 -RRB- philosophy by Germans , has been extremely diverse , and central to both the analytic and continental traditions in philosophy for centuries , from Leibniz through Kant , Hegel , Schopenhauer , Marx , Nietzsche , Heidegger and Wittgenstein to contemporary philosophers .
Joe Doe The Example Company 604-555-1234 http://example.com/
Here , the formatted name -LRB- fn -RRB- , organization -LRB- org -RRB- , telephone number -LRB- tel -RRB- and web address -LRB- url -RRB- have been identified using specific class names and the whole thing is wrapped in , which indicates that the other classes form an hCard -LRB- short for `` HTML vCard '' -RRB- and are not merely coincidentally named .
Other , optional , hCard classes also exist .
Software , such as browser plug-ins , can now extract the information , and transfer it to other applications , such as an address book .
Hideki TÅ jÅ -LRB- KyÅ `` jitai : ; Shinjitai : ; ' -RRB- -LRB- 30 December 1884 - 23 December 1948 -RRB- was a Japanese general in the Imperial Japanese Army -LRB- IJA -RRB- , a leader of the Taisei Yokusankai , and the 40th Prime Minister of Japan during much of World War II , from 18 October 1941 to 22 July 1944 .
TÅ jÅ 's two older brothers died before he was born , so he was considered the oldest and received the treatment and rights that an eldest Japanese child would receive , which includes an immense amount of honor .
Hideki TÅ jÅ was born in the KÅ jimachi district of Tokyo in 1884 . He was the third son of Hidenori TÅ jÅ , a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army .
The Emperor summoned TÅ jÅ to the Imperial Palace one day before TÅ jÅ took office .
In 1987 she founded the Suze Orman Financial Group .
In July , Orman began hosting a financial advice show called The Suze Orman Show .
Orman is the host of The Suze Orman Show and has written seven New York Times Best Sellers and is said to be one of the most successful fundraisers on public television .
Number cards are face value , colored special cards worth twenty , and wilds worth fifty . The first player to go out receives points for the cards left in his\/her opponents ' hands .
There are four `` wild '' and `` wild draw four '' cards each , producing a total of 108 cards .
The hand is over when one player has discarded all of their cards . After a player plays all their cards , the other players count the number of points pertaining to the values of the cards in their hands .
The main expansion of the city took place under Mughal general Shaista Khan .
The city 's population shrank dramatically during this period as the prominence of Kolkata rose , but substantive development and modernisation eventually followed .
Mughal subahdar Islam Khan was the first administrator of the city .
The city passed to the control of the British East India Company in 1765 after the Battle of Plassey .
Khan named the town `` Jahangir Nagar '' -LRB- City of Jahangir -RRB- in honor of the Mughal emperor Jahangir , although this name was dropped soon after Jahangir 's death .
It is a part of the Dhaka Division .
During Mughal rule the areas currently under Dhaka district was famous for its textile products â '' especially the Muslin .
After the Sena dynasty , Dhaka was successively ruled by the Turkish and Afghan governors descending from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
The Dhaka Cantonment was established near the city , serving as a base for British and Indian soldiers .
A modern civic water supply system was introduced in 1874 and electricity supply launched in 1878 .
The city then measured 19 by 13 kilometres -LRB- 12 by 8 mi -RRB- , with a population of nearly a million people .
Mitsuteru Watanabe -LRB- born 10 April 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Mimet is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
AbÃ chÃ is the 4th largest city in Chad , the capital of OuaddaÃ Region .
Cypress is the name applied to many plants in the cypress family Cupressaceae , which is a conifer of northern temperate regions .
During that period some US $ 13 billion in economic and technical assistance were given to help the recovery of the European countries that had joined in the Organization for European Economic Co-operation .
Any effort to extend it was halted by the growing cost of the Korean War and rearmament .
In a review of West Germany 's economy from 1945 to 1951 , German analyst Werner Abelshauser concluded that `` foreign aid was not crucial in starting the recovery or in keeping it going '' .
American Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections , and conservative opposition to the plan was revived .
Belgium , the country that relied earliest and most heavily on free market economic policies after its liberation in 1944 , experienced the fastest recovery and avoided the severe housing and food shortages seen in the rest of continental Europe .
The economic recoveries of France , Italy , and Belgium , Cowen found , also predated the flow of U.S. aid .
The four members became acquaintances through various tours on the session musician circuit and played their first gig together under the moniker `` The Peppernotes '' , at a Caribbean Restaurant dressed as Peter Pan in drag .
They were signed to Virgin Records .
Since then they changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse , Mika , The Thrills and The Kooks .
It is the seventh book in the Redwall series .
The Bellmaker is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1994 .
Mason City 's `` favorite son '' Meredith Willson grew up in Mason City , having played in the Mason City Symphonic Band as a student at Mason City High School .
Breny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Michael Adams -LRB- born 17 November 1971 in Truro , Cornwall , England , UK -RRB- is a British Grandmaster -LRB- 1989 -RRB- of chess .
Adams won the British Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen .
Making only rare appearances , he won again in 1997 , jointly with Matthew Sadler and for a third time in 2010 .
and he has achieved a peak Elo rating of 2755 .
His highest ranking is world number 4 , achieved several times from October 2000 to October 2002 .
He has achieved good results in World Chess Championship tournaments .
At the 2004 FIDE Championship , he reached the final , narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games .
In 1998 he was awarded the Kenneth Boulding Memorial Award for Outstanding Contributions in Ecological Economics and received an honorary doctorate in natural sciences from Stockholm University in 2000 .
He is co-founder and past-president of the International Society for Ecological Economics and he was chief editor of the society 's journal , Ecological Economics from its inception in 1989 until 2002 .
Books , a selection :
In 1982 he was selected as a Kellogg National Fellow , in 1992 he was awarded the Society for Conservation Biology Distinguished Achievement Award and in 1993 he was selected as a Pew Scholar in Conservation and the Environment .
He currently serves on the editorial board of eight other international academic journals and is past president of the International Society for Ecosystem Health .
Prior to moving to Vermont in August 2002 , Costanza was director of the University of Maryland , College Park Institute for Ecological Economics , and a professor in the Center for Environmental Science , at Solomons , and in the Biology Department .
Costanza is the author or co-author of 16 books .
and over 300 scientific papers .
This includes landscape-level spatial simulation modeling ; analysis of energy and material flows through economic and ecological systems ; valuation of ecosystem services , biodiversity , carrying capacity , and natural capital ; and analysis and correction of dysfunctional incentive systems .
; About Robert Costanza His work has been cited in more than 5000 scientific articles -LRB- according to the Science Citation Index -RRB- and more than 80 interviews and reports on his work have appeared in various media , including Newsweek , US News and World Report , the Economist , the New York Times , Science , Nature , National Geographic , and National Public Radio .
Costanza 's transdisciplinary research integrates the study of humans and the rest of nature to address research , policy , and management issues . His work has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems , particularly at larger temporal and spatial scales , from small watersheds to the global system .
He also has a master 's degree in Architecture and Urban and Regional Planning from the University of Florida .
Costanza received his Ph. D. from the University of Florida in 1979 in systems ecology , with a minor in economics .
Robert Costanza -LRB- born 14 September 1950 -RRB- is an American ecological economist and the Gund Professor of Ecological economics and Director of the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont .
Hans-J Ã rg Butt -LRB- ; born 28 May 1974 in Oldenburg -RRB- is a German footballer who plays for FC Bayern Munich in the German League , as a goalkeeper .
MisÃ rieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Bayer 04 Leverkusen is a German association football club based in Leverkusen , North Rhine-Westphalia .
These titles included Alfred Hitchcock 's Anthology , Alfred Hitchcock Presents : Stories to be Read with the Door Locked , Alfred Hitchcock 's Monster Museum , Alfred Hitchcock 's Supernatural Tales of Terror and Suspense , Alfred Hitchcock 's Spellbinders in Suspense , Alfred Hitchcock 's Witch 's Brew , Alfred Hitchcock 's Ghostly Gallery , Alfred Hitchcock 's A Hangman 's Dozen and Alfred Hitchcock 's Haunted Houseful .
Wensleydale is the valley -LRB- dale -RRB- of the River Ure on the east side of the Pennines in North Yorkshire , England .
The village name ` Wensley ' is a derivative of Woden 's ley , or meadow of the pagan god Woden , while the valley itself takes its name from the village .
It is famous for its cheese .
Wensleydale lies in the Yorkshire Dales National Park â `` one of only a few valleys in the Dales not currently named after its principal river -LRB- Wensley is a small village -RRB- , but the older name , `` Yoredale '' , can still be seen on some maps and as the Yoredale Series of geological strata .
After becoming established as a stand-up comedian , Carr began to appear in a number of Channel 4 television shows , most notably as the host of the panel show 8 out of 10 Cats .
Carr currently lives in North London with his girlfriend , Karoline Copping , a commissioning editor for Five , whom he has been with since 2001 .
Kiatisuk `` Zico '' Senamuang -LRB- , born August 11 , 1973 , in Udon Thani -RRB- is a Thai football manager and former football striker who played between April 1993 and October 2007 , currently managing Chula United in the Thai Division 1 League .
KrÄ slava is a major town in KrÄ slava municipality , in the Latgalia region of eastern Latvia .
While all cephalopods can move by jet propulsion , this is a very energy-consuming way to travel compared to the tail propulsion used by fish .
Bioluminescence may also be used to entice prey , and some species use colourful displays to impress mates , startle predators , or even communicate with one another .
As well as providing camouflage with their background , some cephalopods bioluminesce , shining light downwards to disguise their shadows from any predators that may lurk below .
That , in turn , is used to transfer the spermatophores to the female .
In species where the hectocotylus is missing , the penis is long and able to extend beyond the mantle cavity and transfers the spermatophores directly to the female .
The bioluminescence is produced by bacterial symbionts ; the host cephalopod is able to detect the light produced by these organisms .
Colouration is typically more pronounced in near-shore species than those living in the open ocean , whose functions tend to be restricted to camouflage by breaking their outline .
Like most molluscs , cephalopods use hemocyanin , a copper-containing protein , rather than hemoglobin , to transport oxygen .
Devonian cephalopods bear more complex color patterns , whose function may be more complex .
The nervous system of cephalopods is the most complex of the invertebrates , and their brain-to-body-mass ratio falls between that of warm - and cold-blooded vertebrates .
As a result , their blood is colorless when deoxygenated and turns blue when exposed to air .
Most of the energy extracted from their food is used for growing .
Evidence of original colouration has been detected in cephalopod fossils dating as far back as the Silurian ; these orthoconic individuals bore concentric stripes , which are thought to have served as camouflage .
Cephalopods are widely regarded as the most intelligent of the invertebrates , and have well developed senses and large brains -LRB- larger than those of gastropods -RRB- .
Colouration can be changed in milliseconds as they adapt to their environment , and the pigment cells are expandable by muscular contraction .
The giant nerve fibers of the cephalopod mantle have been widely used as experimental material in neurophysiology for many years ; their large diameter -LRB- due to lack of myelination -RRB- makes them relatively easy to study .
The penis in most male Coleoidea is a long and muscular end of the gonoduct used to transfer spermatophores to a modified arm called a hectocotylus .
Squids and cuttlefish can move short distances in any direction by rippling of a flap of muscle around the mantle .
Some octopus species are also able to walk along the sea bed .
With a few exceptions , Coleoidea live short lives with rapid growth .
JosÃ PerÃ cio Berjun , also known as JosÃ PerÃ cio -LRB- born in Nova Lima , November 2 , 1917 -- died in Rio de Janeiro , March 10 , 1977 -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer in striker role .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
In many mammals the infants have a set of teeth that fall out and are replaced by adult teeth .
These are called deciduous teeth , primary teeth , baby teeth or milk teeth .
Animals whose teeth are all of the same type , such as most non-mammalian vertebrates , are said to have homodont dentition , whereas those whose teeth differ morphologically are said to have heterodont dentition . The dentition of animals with two successions of teeth -LRB- deciduous , permanent -RRB- is referred to as diphyodont , while the dentition of animals with only one set of teeth throughout life is monophyodont .
The specialised teeth - incisors , canines , premolars , and molars - are found in the same order in every mammal .
Animals that have two sets of teeth , one followed by the other , are said to be diphyodont . Normally the dental formula for milk teeth is the same as for adult teeth except that the molars are missing .
A Chief Minister is the elected head of government of a sub-national -LRB- e.g. constituent federal -RRB- state , provinces of Pakistan , notably a state -LRB- and sometimes a union territory -RRB- of India , a territory of Australia or a British overseas territory that has attained self-government .
The Glorious Revolution , also called the Revolution of 1688 , was the overthrow of King James II of England -LRB- VII of Scotland and II of Ireland -RRB- in 1688 by a union of English Parliamentarians with an invading army led by the Dutch stadtholder William III of Orange-Nassau -LRB- William of Orange -RRB- who , as a result , ascended the English throne as William III of England together with his wife Mary II of England .
The district has an area of 15,910 square kilometres and is headquartered at the city of Khairpur .
Maraye-en-Othe is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
In 1948 he relocated to live with his family at Poughill , where he continued to live after Ivy 's death in 1963 .
In 1908 the family moved to Marhamchurch , where he lived until 1948 .
He was also the third-oldest man in the world .
Stanley Lucas -LRB- 15 January 1900 -- 21 June 2010 -RRB- from Bude , Cornwall was a British supercentenarian , he was the oldest living man verified in Europe since the death of Harry Patch on 25 July 2009 .
Lucas was born at Morwenstow and had two brothers and two sisters .
Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm .
Lucas was a breeder of Devon cattle and Devon longwool sheep and started a dairy farm in the early 1940s .
James Vincent Forrestal -LRB- February 15 , 1892 -- May 22 , 1949 -RRB- was the last Cabinet-level United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense .
Besmont is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
EnsuÃ s-la-Redonne is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
Sesame -LRB- Sesamum indicum -RRB- is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum .
BesenbÃ 1\/4 ren is a municipality in the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The team was founded by a group of students in 1903 in the town of Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov -LRB- since 1922 part of Prague -RRB- .
FK Viktoria Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov ranks among the oldest football clubs in the Czech Republic .
The study of subcultures often consists of the study of symbolism attached to clothing , music and other visible affectations by members of subcultures , and also the ways in which these same symbols are interpreted by members of the dominant culture .
Colloquially known as the Howth Tram , this tramway operated from June 1901 to June 1959 and served Howth Head , near Dublin , Ireland .
The service was run by the Great Northern Railway -LRB- Ireland -RRB- -LRB- GNR -LRB- I -RRB- -RRB- , which viewed it as a way to bring more customers to its railway stations at Sutton and Howth .
This category contains articles about albums released on Island Records and links to its sub-labels .
This article is about the council area . For the constituencies , see either Argyll and Bute -LRB- UK Parliament constituency -RRB- or Argyll and Bute -LRB- Scottish Parliament constituency -RRB-
Smyrna is a town in Rutherford County , Tennessee , United States .
In 2005 St. Lucie county had a population that was 69.2 % non-Hispanic white , 16.5 % African-American , 12.4 % Latino and 1.3 % Asian .
The racial makeup of the county was 79.14 % White , 15.42 % African American , 0.24 % Native American , 0.95 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 2.37 % from other races , and 1.82 % from two or more races .
The population density was 337 people per square mile -LRB- 130\/km Â -RRB- .
In the county the population was spread out with 22.60 % under the age of 18 , 6.60 % from 18 to 24 , 25.10 % from 25 to 44 , 23.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.70 % who were 65 years of age or older .
The per capita income for the county was $ 18,790 .
About 9.60 % of families and 13.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.50 % of those under age 18 and 7.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Brevard County had been named St. Lucie County from 1844 until 1855 when it was renamed Brevard County .
In 1925 , Indian River County was created out of the northern part of St Lucie County , while northern Martin County was created from a small part of southeastern St. Lucie County and the northern part of Palm Beach County .
23.50 % of all households were made up of individuals and 12.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
3.3 % of the population identified themselves as being of non-Hispanic West Indian Ancestry .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2005 estimate for the county was 241,305 .
Schools in the county are managed by St. Lucie County Public Schools .
The current St. Lucie County was created in 1905 from the southern part of Brevard County .
Much of western St Lucie County had gone in 1917 to form Okeechobee County .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,381 .
The county seat is the city of Fort Pierce .
86.6 % spoke English , 7.6 % Spanish , 1.6 % French Creole and 1.0 % French as their first language .
The median age was 42 years .
As of 2000 , the population was 192,695 .
St. Lucie County is part of the Port St. Lucie Metropolitan Statistical Area .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 192,695 people , 76,933 households , and 54,237 families residing in the county .
The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.89 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 688.08 s , of which 572.45 s -LRB- or 83.20 % -RRB- is land and 115.63 s -LRB- or 16.80 % -RRB- is water , much of it in the Atlantic Ocean .
In 2000 there were 76,933 households out of which 26.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.30 % were married couples living together , 11.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.50 % were non-families .
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.16 % of the population .
St. Lucie County is a county located in the state of Florida .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.80 males .
There were 91,262 housing units at an average density of 159 per square mile -LRB- 62\/km Â -RRB- .
For every 100 females there were 95.50 males .
Males had a median income of $ 30,047 versus $ 22,684 for females .
Following the death of Dean in 1955 , the project was shelved .
To lure Danny to his side of the fence , Maxie relies upon the seductive charms of his gun moll Ronnie -LRB- Carolyn Jones -RRB- , while Danny 's true love Nellie -LRB- Dolores Hart -RRB- suffers on the sidelines .
With filming due to begin in January 1958 , Presley had to get special permission to defer his draft notice , which he had received in December 1957 , until after filming was complete .
Hal Wallis acquired the rights to A Stone For Danny Fisher with the intentions for it to be a non-musical vehicle starring either James Dean or Ben Gazzara .
King Creole was the last film Presley made during the 1950 's and is often considered to be his best role .
After seeing an early copy of the finished film Presley thanked Curtiz for giving him the opportunity to finally show people the potential he had as an actor .
King Creole is an American motion picture directed by Michael Curtiz , released by Paramount Pictures on July 2 , 1958 .
and Flaming Star -RRB- , partly due to the success of later films such as Blue Hawaii , G.I. Blues , and Viva Las Vegas ; all quick to film , cheap to make box-office hits with enough songs to sell soundtrack albums and entertain the masses of Presley fans who were more eager to see him sing than act .
The film stars Elvis Presley , Carolyn Jones , and Walter Matthau .
In January 1957 , following the success of an Off-Broadway stage version of the story , Presley 's name was suggested as a possible replacement .
Drawn to trouble like a magnet , Danny is saved from a jail term by New Orleans saloon-keeper Charlie Le Grand -LRB- Paul Stewart -RRB- , who gives the boy a job as a singer .
It is n't long , however , before local gang boss Maxie Fields -LRB- Walter Matthau -RRB- , a shadowy figure from Danny 's criminal past , puts the muscle on the boy , insisting that Danny sing at his establishment .
Filming took place between January 20 and March 12 1958 .
It is Presley 's fourth movie -LRB- the third and last filmed in black & white -RRB- , and adapted from the 1952 novel by Harold Robbins , A Stone for Danny Fisher .
Presley plays a teenager named Danny Fisher , who is forced to drop out of school to help support his ineffective father -LRB- Dean Jagger -RRB- .
However , despite being better received by the critics than his previous films , and ticket sales being very good , he never got the chance to be taken as seriously as an actor again -LRB- with , perhaps , the exception of the westerns Charro !
Twelve days after the completion of King Creole , Presley was officially inducted into the U.S. Army .
Michael Curtiz , a noted director during the golden era of the Hollywood studio system whose famous productions included The Adventures of Robin Hood in 1938 , Yankee Doodle Dandy in 1942 , and in the same year , Casablanca , was hired to helm the project .
After negotiations were completed , the character of Fisher was changed from a boxer to a singer and the location was moved from New York to New Orleans .
King Creole was said to have been Presley 's favorite role of his entire career , and he had high hopes of returning from the Army to pick up from where he had left off .
Pak Singhar is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
The Union Council has a population of 43,473 .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located to the south-east of the capital .
The column-specific style attributes are included after -LRB- and thus override -RRB- the generic ones , which are included after the default styles and the border thickness specified by the parameter -LRB- s -RRB- .
; : Thickness of the borders around the boxes in pixels -LRB- default : 2 -RRB- .
; , , ... : Thickness of the borders around the boxes in a given column .
In addition , the template accepts the following named parameters :
This template takes genealogical data in the form of an ahnentafel and presents it as a graphical ancestry tree -LRB- realized as an HTML table -RRB- .
The entries in the ahnentafel are given as numbered parameters to the template , and may contain arbitrary wikimarkup .
Everglades -LRB- also known as Everglades City -RRB- is a city in Collier County , Florida , United States .
The river re-enters North Yorkshire near Knottingley and in its lower reaches forms part of the boundary between North Yorkshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire .
Seraing is a Walloon municipality of Belgium in Province of Liege . The municipality of Seraing includes the old communes of Boncelles , Jemeppe-sur-Meuse , and OugrÃ e. With LiÃ ge , Herstal , Saint-Nicolas , Ans , and FlÃ malle it forms the greater LiÃ ge agglomeration -LRB- 600,000 inhabitants -RRB- .
AntÃ nio Bento dos Santos -LRB- born 18 December 1971 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Physiological healing is the restoration of damaged living tissue to normal function . It is the process by which the cells in the body regenerate and repair to reduce the size of a damaged or necrotic area .
R.E.M. is an American rock band formed in Athens , Georgia , in 1980 by singer Michael Stipe , guitarist Peter Buck , bassist Mike Mills and drummer Bill Berry .
R.E.M. released its first single , `` Radio Free Europe '' , in 1981 on the independent record label Hib-Tone .
Surques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint-L Ã ger is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
He penned two screenplays , Park Kwang-su 's To the Starry Island in 1993 and A Single Spark in 1995 .
Lee was born in Daegu , the hub of Korea 's main conservative party . He graduated in 1981 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu , where he spent much of his time in the theater , writing and directing plays .
He served as the minister of Culture and Tourism in the South Korean Government from 2003 to 2004 .
Later in his career , to the surprise of many , he turned to movie making .
All of his films have received critical acclaim and awards , with Oasis , a story involving a mentally ill man and a woman with cerebral palsy , winning the prestigious Director 's Award at the 2003 Venice Film Festival .
Lee did not study filmmaking before starting out .
After being encouraged by his contemporaries to finally step behind the directors chair , Lee made Green Fish , a `` critique of Korean society told through the eyes of a young man who becomes enmeshed in the criminal underworld '' , in 1997 .
In 2000 , Lee made Peppermint Candy , a story following a single man in reverse chonology through 20 years of South Korean history -LRB- from 1980 's student uprising , to the film 's 2000 release -RRB- .
After a spell teaching Korean Language in high school , he established himself as a renowned novelist with his first novel Chonri in 1983 .
When considered as a ceremonial county , Gloucestershire borders the preserved county of Gwent in Wales -LRB- now Monmouthshire -RRB- , and in England the ceremonial counties of Herefordshire , Worcestershire , Warwickshire , Oxfordshire , Wiltshire , Somerset and Bristol .
The county town is the city of Gloucester , and other principal towns include Cheltenham , Cirencester , Stroud , and Tewkesbury .
This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Gloucestershire at current basic prices published -LRB- pp . 240 â `` 253 -RRB- by Office for National Statistics with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling .
The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .
The Stearman is particularly associated with stunt flying with wing-walkers .
Famous biplanes include the Sopwith Camel , Antonov An-2 , Beechcraft Staggerwing , Boeing Stearman , Bristol Bulldog , Curtiss JN-4 , de Havilland Tiger Moth , Fairey Swordfish , Pitts Special and the Wright Flyer .
Famous sesquiplanes include the Nieuport 17 and Albatros D. III .
Sherrill is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
This morality is by no means self-evident ... By breaking one main concept out of Christianity , the faith in God , one breaks the whole : nothing necessary remains in one 's hands . ''
This is why in `` The Madman '' , a passage which primarily addresses nontheists -LRB- especially atheists -RRB- , the problem is to retain any system of values in the absence of a divine order .
Nietzsche recognizes the crisis which the death of God represents for existing moral considerations , because `` When one gives up the Christian faith , one pulls the right to Christian morality out from under one 's feet .
It is also found in Nietzsche 's classic work Thus Spoke Zarathustra -LRB- Deutsch : Also sprach Zarathustra -RRB- , which is most responsible for popularizing the phrase .
The main species harvested for vanillin is Vanilla planifolia .
The term French vanilla is often used to designate preparations that have a strong vanilla aroma , and contain vanilla grains .
AntÃ nio Benedito da Silva , nicknamed Toninho -LRB- born March 23 , 1965 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player who played for Portuguesa -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , Guarani -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , Yomiuri -LRB- Japan -RRB- , Shimizu S-Pulse -LRB- Japan -RRB- , Urawa Red Diamonds -LRB- Japan -RRB- and Vasco da Gama -LRB- Brazil -RRB- .
Schalkau is a town in the district of Sonneberg , in Thuringia , Germany .
It is situated 13 km west of Sonneberg , and 15 km north of Coburg .
RoullÃ e is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Cells found in a ganglion are called ganglion cells , though this term is also sometimes used to refer specifically to retinal ganglion cells .
In anatomy , a ganglion -LRB- ; plural ganglia -RRB- is a biological tissue mass , most commonly a mass of nerve cell bodies .
Wright State University was eventually chosen to honor the Wright Brothers , residents of Dayton .
The current president is David R. Hopkins .
The university currently has an enrollment of 19,793 students , of which 15,665 are undergraduates and 1,490 are Lake Campus students .
Wright State is located in Fairborn , Ohio , which is a suburb of Dayton . Despite this , it has a Dayton address .
The line was extended the following year to a new London terminus at Shoreditch -LRB- later renamed Bishopsgate -RRB- and the line was subsequently extended to cover the 51 miles between London and Colchester .
The Eastern Counties Railway -LRB- ECR -RRB- was an English railway company which began operating on 20 June 1839 with a train service running from a temporary terminus at in Mile End to Romford , now part of the Great Eastern Main Line .
Bourke is a town and Local Government Area -LRB- see Bourke Shire -RRB- in the north of New South Wales , Australia .
He played 502 career NHL games , scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points .
The next season , Stewart won the 1943 Calder Trophy , beating out Maurice ` The Rocket ' Richard of the Montreal Canadiens .
Stewart died on November 18 , 2010 , in a hospital in Burlington , Ontario , at the age of 87 .
In all , Gaye Stewart played for five of the NHL 's Original Six teams , all except the Boston Bruins .
He played nine seasons as a right winger in the National Hockey League .
Born in Fort William , Ontario , Stewart was called from the minors in 1942 to play in one game of the Stanley Cup Finals , where he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the championship .
James Gaye Stewart -LRB- June 28 , 1923 -- November 18 , 2010 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey forward .
Stewart won his second Stanley Cup , again with the Maple Leafs , in 1947 .
Toronto traded Stewart to Chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought Max Bentley to the Leafs , and he had three 20-goal seasons for the Black Hawks before finishing his career with stints in Detroit , New York and Montreal .
Danny Grant , Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished the feat since then .
He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder .
After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II , Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season , leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in goals .
The soul patch -LRB- also known as a sole patch or a mouche -RRB- is a small patch of facial hair just below the lower lip and above the chin . It came to prominence in the 1950s and 1960s , when it was a style of facial hair common among African American men , most notably jazzmen .
Palak is the largest union council of the Circle Bakote area - as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Malkot Union Council was merged into Palak .
It forms part of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa 's border with Punjab province and Kashmir , India , and it also borders the following Union Councils within Abbottabad district , Seer Gharbi to the west , Nathiagali to the North and Malkot to the north west .
Arwar , Darwaza Ayubia , Kala Bon , Longal , Malkot , Palak , Riala -LRB- Riyala -RRB- and Soorjal -LRB- Surajaal -RRB- .
Palak is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan .
The total population of the union council is almost 5,000 . The main tribes of Palak are the Dhond Abbasi , Gujjars and Sattis .
Palak is the gateway of District Abbottabad because a gali Barian is a border of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab and Union Council Palak is started from Barian .
Nesles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
While his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the impending marriage of their son , he took his revenge by summoning a giant hail storm to demolish their house , killing 35 people , although the uncle and aunt are supposed to have survived .
Before Marpa would teach Milarepa he had him build and then demolish three towers in turn . When Marpa still refused to teach Milarepa he went to Marpa 's wife , who took pity on him .
Born in the village of Kya Ngatsa - also known as Tsa - in Gungthang province of western Tibet to a prosperous family he was named Mila ThÃ paga -LRB- Thos-pa-dga ' -RRB- , which means `` A joy to hear . ''
At his mother 's request , Milarepa left home and studied sorcery . While his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the impending marriage of their son , he took his revenge by summoning a giant hail storm to demolish their house , killing 35 people , although the uncle and aunt are supposed to have survived .
The villagers were angry and set off to look for Milarepa , but his mother got word to him and he sent a hailstorm to destroy their crops .
When his father died , Milarepa 's uncle and aunt took all of the family 's wealth .
The Walkers Stadium is a football stadium which hosts home matches of English football club Leicester City .
The town 's growth was facilitated by its role as the administrative and commercial center of German East Africa and industrial expansion resulting from the construction of the Central Railway Line in the early 1900s .
The relocation process has not yet been completed , and Dar es Salaam remains Tanzania 's primary city .
Though Dar es Salaam lost its official status as capital city to Dodoma in 1974 , it remains the center of the permanent central government bureaucracy and continues to serve as the capital for the surrounding Dar es Salaam Region .
Being situated so close to the equator and the warm Indian ocean , the city experiences generally tropical climatic conditions , typified by hot and humid weather throughout much of the year .
After World War II , Dar es Salaam experienced a period of rapid growth .
Annual rainfall is approximately 1100 m and in a normal year there are two distinct rainy seasons : `` the long rains '' , which fall during April and May , and `` the short rains '' , which fall during October and November .
Dar es Salaam fell into decline after Majid 's death in 1870 , but was revived in 1887 , when the German East Africa Company established a station there .
In 1865 or 1866 Sultan Majid bin Said of Zanzibar began building a new city very close to Mzizima .
The metro population is expected to reach 5.12 million by 2020 .
Political developments , including the formation and growth of the Tanganyika African National Union -LRB- TANU -RRB- , led to Tanganyika attaining independence from colonial rule in December 1961 .
German East Africa was captured by the British during World War I and from then on was referred to as Tanganyika .
However , in 1973 provisions were made to relocate the capital to Dodoma , a more centrally located city in Tanzania 's interior .
Dar es Salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial center .
The Dar es Salaam Region had a population of 2,497,940 as of the official 2002 census . Though Dar es Salaam lost its official status as capital city to Dodoma in 1974 , it remains the center of the permanent central government bureaucracy and continues to serve as the capital for the surrounding Dar es Salaam Region .
Dar es Salaam continued to serve as its capital , also when in 1964 Tanganyika and Zanzibar merged to form Tanzania .
With a population rate increase of 4.39 % annually the city has become the 3rd fastest growing in Africa -LRB- 9th fastest in the world -RRB- after Bamako and Lagos , respectively .
Augy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Adobe Acrobat is a family of application software developed by Adobe Systems to view , create , manipulate , print and manage files in Portable Document Format -LRB- PDF -RRB- .
Adobe Acrobat 9 family also dropped the multiple document interface . Previous versions of Adobe Acrobat opened multiple PDF files in the same window .
The Egyptian Museum of Antiquities contains many important pieces of ancient Egyptian history .
Estry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie rÃ gion in northwestern France .
Wyoming is a city in Stark County , Illinois , United States .
Betschwanden is a former municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Dmitri Leonidovich Radchenko -LRB- ; born December 2 , 1970 in Leningrad -RRB- is a retired Russian footballer , who played as a striker .
Carbon fixation refers to any process through which gaseous carbon dioxide is converted into a solid compound .
Kohei Usui is a Japanese football player currently playing for Shonan Bellmare .
Among his anthems , the masterly Let all mortal flesh keep silence is perhaps the best known .
Bairstow 's compositions are mainly for the church .
He wrote 29 anthems , ranging from large-scale works for choir and organ such as Blessed city , heavenly Salem to elegant miniatures like I sat down under his shadow and Jesu , the very thought of thee .
Sir Edward Cuthbert Bairstow was born in Huddersfield on 22 August 1874 and died in York on 1 May 1946 . He was an English organist and composer in the Anglican church music tradition .
He also composed psalm chants , hymn tunes , and a cantata , The Prodigal Son , for choir and chamber orchestra .
He studied organ and theory at the University of Durham , receiving the Bachelor of Music in 1894 , and the Doctor of Music in 1901 .
He studied organ with John Farmer at Balliol College , Oxford , and while articled under Frederick Bridge of Westminster Abbey received tuition from Walter Alcock .
His mother , author Katherine Paterson , used this real-life experience as the basis for her children 's novel Bridge to Terabithia .
Paterson held a special advance screening of Bridge to Terabithia on February 1 , 2007 , for members of the CUA community at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring , Maryland .
He graduated from The Catholic University of America in 1989 with a BA .
When Paterson was a boy , his best friend , an eight-year-old girl named Lisa Hill , was struck by lightning and killed .
David Lord Paterson -LRB- born 1966 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , actor and producer .
David Paterson produced and co-wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation of the novel released in 2007 .
Other categories include construction puzzles , stick puzzles , tiling puzzles , transport puzzles , disentanglement puzzles , jigsaw puzzles , lock puzzles , folding puzzles , combination puzzles and mechanical puzzles .
Andromeda is the nearest spiral galaxy to the Milky Way , but not the closest galaxy overall .
The Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way are thus expected to collide in about 4.5 billion years , although the details are uncertain since Andromeda 's tangential velocity with respect to the Milky Way is only known to within about a factor of two .
The Andromeda Galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about 100 t , so it is one of the few blue-shifted galaxies .
Such events are frequent among the galaxies in galaxy groups .
Andromeda is the largest galaxy of the Local Group , which consists of the Andromeda Galaxy , the Milky Way Galaxy , the Triangulum Galaxy , and about 30 other smaller galaxies .
A likely outcome of the collision is that the galaxies will merge to form a giant elliptical galaxy .
January 24 is National Peanut Butter Day in the United States .
A popular myth is that George Washington Carver invented peanut butter .
Early `` models '' of peanut butter , like the Aztecs ' version , were nothing but pure roasted peanut paste .
It is mainly used as a sandwich spread , sometimes in combination as in the peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
In Dutch peanut butter is called pindakaas -LRB- peanut cheese -RRB- , because the name butter was protected in the Netherlands when peanut butter came on the market in that country -LRB- 1948 -RRB- .
Peanut butter is a food paste made primarily from ground dry roasted peanuts , popular in the Philippines , North America , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom .
Montbrehain is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
RuillÃ - le-Gravelais is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Saint-Martin-du-Puy is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
From this definition , it is clear that a set is a subset of itself ; in cases where one wishes to avoid this , the term proper subset is defined to exclude this possibility .
If all the members of set are also members of set , then is a subset of , denoted .
For example , is a subset of , but is not .
Set theory is the branch of mathematics that studies sets , which are collections of objects .
A derived binary relation between two sets is the subset relation , also called set inclusion .
Agrigento -LRB- Sicilian : Girgenti -RRB- , is a city on the southern coast of Sicily , Italy , and capital of the province of Agrigento .
By 1900 the word tavern had developed an archaic flavor in Britain , the usual term being public house -LRB- pub -RRB- , though taverns remain a popular convention in fantasy tales and games .
Spruce are trees in the genus Picea .
GÃ nÃ rac is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The Province of Perugia is the larger of the two provinces in the Umbria region of Italy , comprising two-thirds of both the area and population of the region . Its capital is the city of Perugia .
Diepenbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
Tierceville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Rocky Mountains -LRB- or Rockies -RRB- are a major mountain range in western North America .
The Rocky Mountains stretch more than 3000 m from the northernmost part of British Columbia , in western Canada , to New Mexico , in the southwestern United States .
Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Spartaco Landini -LRB- born 31 January 1944 in Terranuova Bracciolini -RRB- is a retired Italian footballer .
In December , 1997 Ignacio Ramonet , editor of Le Monde Diplomatique , renewed the debate around the Tobin tax with an editorial titled `` Disarming the markets '' .
According to the legislation , Belgium will introduce the Tobin tax once all countries of the eurozone introduce a similar law .
On June 15 , 2004 , the Commission of Finance and Budget in the Belgian Federal Parliament approved a bill implementing a Spahn tax .
However , there have also been initiatives of national dimension about the tax .
Ramonet proposed to create an association for the introduction of this tax , which was named ATTAC -LRB- Association for the Taxation of financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens -RRB- .
A Tobin tax , suggested by Nobel Laureate economist James Tobin , was originally defined as a tax on all spot conversions of one currency into another . The tax is intended to put a penalty on short-term financial round-trip excursions into another currency .
It has been proposed that having the United Nations manage a Tobin tax would solve this problem and would give the UN a large source of funding independent from donations by participating states .
In that context , Tobin suggested a new system for international currency stability , and proposed that such a system include an international charge on foreign-exchange transactions .
Then , on August 15 , 1971 , United States President Richard Nixon announced that the United States dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the system .
It was originally assumed that the Tobin tax would require multilateral implementation , since one country acting alone would find it very difficult to implement this tax . Many people have therefore argued that it would be best implemented by an international institution .
The tax then became an issue of the global justice movement or alter-globalization movement and a matter of discussion not only in academic institutions but even in streets and in parliaments in the UK , France , and around the world .
When she has a second son , Connor , she opts to give up her job and become a stay-at-home mom , prompting John to take on a daily column for a pay increase .
At first stumped for material , John realizes the misadventures of Marley might be the perfect topic for his first piece .
Although she denies she is experiencing postpartum depression , Jenny exhibits all the symptoms , including a growing impatience with Marley and John , who asks Sebastian to care for the dog when Jenny insists they give him away . She quickly comes to realize he has become an indispensable part of the family and agrees he can stay .
Marley continues to wreak havoc on the household , providing John with a wealth of material for his column , which becomes a hit with readers and helps increase the newspaper 's circulation .
Due to the crime rate , the couple decides to move to a larger house in the safer neighborhood of Boca Raton , where Marley delights in swimming in the backyard pool .
The film was released in the United States and Canada on December 25 , 2008 , and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office ever with $ 14.75 million in ticket sales .
Sebastian accepts a job for The New York Times and moves away .
Editor Arnie Klein -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- offers John a twice-weekly column in which he can discuss the fun and foibles of everyday living .
Arnie agrees , and John settles into his new position .
A few years later , John and Jenny welcome a daughter , Colleen , to their family .
From a litter of newborn yellow labrador retrievers they select Marley -LRB- named after reggae singer Bob Marley -RRB- , who immediately proves to be incorrigible . They take him to Ms. Kornblut -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- , who firmly believes any dog can be trained , but when Marley refuses to obey commands , she expels him from her class .
Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab , Beas joins Sutlej , and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad 10 miles north of Uch Sharif in Bahawalpur district .
Panjnad River is formed by successive confluence of the five rivers of Punjab , namely Jhelum , Chenab , Ravi , Beas and Sutlej .
A dam on Panjnad has been erected ; it provides irrigation channels for Punjab and Sindh provinces south of the Sutlej and east of the Indus rivers .
Panjnad River -LRB- Urdu\/Punjabi Shahmukhi : Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ù Ø , Punjabi Gurmukhi à à à à à -RRB- -LRB- panj = five , nadi = river -RRB- is a river at the extreme end of Bahawalpur district in Punjab , Pakistan .
Beyond the confluence of Indus and Panjnad rivers , the Indus river was known as Satnad -LRB- Sat = seven -RRB- carrying the waters of seven rivers including Indus river , which is believed to be in ealrlier times the Saraswati\/Ghaggar\/Hakra river which eventually dried and became a seasonal river due to seismic shifts in the glacial region of Himachal Pradesh where it originated and later on Kabul river and the five rivers of Punjab .
The combined stream runs southwest for approximately 45 miles and joins Indus River at Mithankot .
The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea .
Johanna Spyri -LRB- 12 June 1827 -- 7 July 1901 -RRB- was an author of children 's stories , and is best known for her book Heidi .
Junya Yamashiro is a Japanese football player currently playing for V-Varen Nagasaki .
Another draw to the mountainous Gunma is the ski resorts .
Gunma Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the northwest corner of the KantÅ region on HonshÅ `` island .
Its capital is Maebashi .
The population was 7,521 at the 2000 census .
Pawling is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
The game received an Excellence Prize for Entertainment at the 10th annual Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006 .
Although this game was never released outside of Japan , a sequel entitled Rhythm Tengoku Gold was released for the Nintendo DS on July 31 , 2008 , and was released internationally as Rhythm Heaven in North America , Australasia , and as Rhythm Paradise in Europe .
The player can achieve three basic rankings -LRB- Redo , Mediocre , or High Level -RRB- upon completing a game . A new level will be unlocked if the player gets the Mediocre or High Level rating on a level .
It was released in Japan on August 3 , 2006 , and was the last game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance .
Kenta Hoshihara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
The musk deer are however still placed in a separate family .
He played college basketball at the University of Kentucky .
DeMarcus Cousins -LRB- born August 13 , 1990 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player with the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association .
It borders Nigeria and Benin to the south , Burkina Faso and Mali to the west , Algeria and Libya to the north and Chad to the east .
Niger -LRB- or ; -RRB- , officially named the Republic of Niger , is a landlocked country in Western Africa , named after the Niger River .
Seillonnaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Chesham is also a civil parish designated a town council within Chiltern district .
The Utman Khel or Utmankhel are a Pashtun tribe who occupy the hills to the north of Peshawar in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
They claim to be descendants of Baba Utman Shamraiz , who accompanied Mahmud of Ghazni in his expedition into India in 997 .
Their land is very hilly and difficult , but well cultivated in terraces .
The British conducted military campaigns against them in 1852 , 1878 , and 1898 .
The Utman Khel are a tall , stout and fair race , but their dress and general customs have been assimilated by the neighbouring peoples of Bajour .
Their land lies between the Mohmands and the Ranizais of Swat , to the west and south-west of the junction of the Swat and Panjkora rivers .
The Cyprus national football team represents Cyprus in association football and is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association , the governing body for football in Cyprus .
Muslims believe that many prophets existed , including many not mentioned in the Qur ` an . The Qur ` an itself refers to at least four other prophets but does not name them .
These prophets include :
John Hartson -LRB- born 5 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Welsh international footballer who played as a striker , best known for his spells with West Ham and Celtic .
You have new messages at .
You may -LRB- remove this notice -RRB- at any time by removing the template .
Richard George Adams -LRB- born 9 May 1920 -RRB- is an English novelist who is best known as the author of Watership Down .
Yoshikazu Nonomura -LRB- born 8 May 1972 -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Otaru FC .
Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo , OBE FKC AKC -LRB- born 5 October 1943 -RRB- is an English author , poet , playwright and librettist , best known for his work in children 's literature .
Ostel is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
However , this season was the first Pacific hurricane season since 1977 to have no systems become major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
The season saw 16 tropical storms form , of which 7 became hurricanes , which is about average .
The 2003 Pacific hurricane season produced an unusually large number of tropical cyclones which affected Mexico .
The season officially started on May 15 , 2003 in the eastern Pacific , and on June 1 , 2003 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 2003 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
The most notable cyclones the year were Hurricanes Ignacio and Marty , which killed 2 and 12 people in Mexico , respectively , and were collectively responsible for about $ 1 billion -LRB- 2003 USD -RRB- in damage .
Three other Pacific storms , two of which were hurricanes , and three Atlantic storms also had a direct impact on Mexico .
The only other significant storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena , which passed just to the south of Hawaii , the first storm to directly threaten Hawaii for several years .
Jan Schlaudraff -LRB- born 18 July 1983 in WaldbrÃ l -RRB- is a German footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96 , primarily as a striker .
`` Till the World Ends '' is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears .
It was released as the second single from her seventh studio album , Femme Fatale .
In an interview with Spin on February 11 , 2011 , Kesha announced she had co-written a song with Dr. Luke and Max Martin titled `` Till the World Ends '' for Femme Fatale .
Jordanhill railway station is a side platformed suburban railway station in the Jordanhill area in the West End of Glasgow , Scotland .
Hometown is a city in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Ghindeni is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 2,264 people . It has the following constituent villages : Ghindeni .
PubMed Central is a free digital database of full-text scientific literature in biomedical and life sciences .
Some participating publishers , however , delay release of their articles for a set time after paper publication -LRB- often six months -RRB- .
It grew from the online Entrez PubMed biomedical literature search system .
PubMed Central was developed by the U.S. National Library of Medicine -LRB- NLM -RRB- as an online archive of biomedical journal articles .
The full text of all PubMed Central articles is available free .
Its purpose is to give recognition and support to younger mathematical researchers who have made major contributions .
The medal was first awarded in 1936 to Finnish mathematician Lars Ahlfors and American mathematician Jesse Douglas , and it has been awarded every four years since 1950 .
During the rule of NapolÃ on Bonaparte at the beginning of the 19th century , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren belonged to the first French Empire , until it was freed by Prussian and Russian troops in 1815 .
After the end of World War II the city IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren and the municipality IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren Land formed by December 31 , 1974 the department federation IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , resulting in today 's city of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren .
Although IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren is already much older and a document of the year 1348 already occupies the establishment of a church in the year 799 , the year 1146 is officially considered as the year of the foundation of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren .
It is on position 185 of the largest cities in Germany and the largest city in Tecklenburger Land .
On February 1 , 1724 IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren attained municipal rights , which stood among other things in connection with the introduction excise duty .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren is mentioned in documentary evidence for the first time in 1146 , when the bishop of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck at that time , Philipp of Katzenelnbogen , donated a tenth of his possessions in IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren to the Getrudenkloster of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .
During this time the castle of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was built by the noble gentlemen of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren starting from 1150 .
In this transition of the High Middle Ages to the Late Middle Ages the noble gentlemen of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , that is the abbot of Herford and the counts of Tecklenburg , possessed basic rule in the place .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren -LRB- Ibbenbueren -RRB- is situated on the IbbenbÃ 1\/4 rener Aa river , at the northwest end of the Teutoburger forest and rather exactly in the center of the two cities Rheine in the west and OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck in the east , both approximately 20 km away .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was assigned to the office Lingen .
To this time IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren belonged to the Diocese of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .
Karl donated it to his sister Mary of Habsburg , governor of the Netherlands .
Last remainder of this castle are the remnants of the heath tower in the proximity of the Aasee .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren or Ibbenbueren is a medium-sized town in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Into this period also the falls the beginning of coal mining .
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century .
By succession it came under Prussian rule in 1702 .
In the year 1743 the first magistrate and mayor appointed .
Coats of arms shows a golden anchor on blue reason .
After the noble gentleman of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren died out , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren came under the exclusive rule of the counts of Tecklenburg .
City colors are blue and gold .
Such is in addition , in the coats of arms of some neighboring places .
With the simultaneous dissolution of the district of Tecklenburg and fusion with the old district of Burgsteinfurt , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was assigned to the new district of Steinfurt .
It came back under Prussian rule on January 1 , 1816 , resulting to be assigned to the district of Tecklenburg .
After IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren repeatedly fell under control of the Netherlands and Spain in the Dutch Revolt , it was assigned to the House of Orange-Nassau after the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 .
In the years 1219 and\/or 1234 it appears as church village .
This rule lasted until the end of the 15th or beginning of the 16th century , when IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren finally fell into possession Charles ' V. in 1548 by awkward and luckless tactics used by the counts of Tecklenburg .
The origin of the anchor is not free of doubts clarified yet .
Known today as the Dreyfus Affair , the incident eventually ended with Dreyfus 's complete exoneration .
Jane Seymour , OBE -LRB- born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg ; 15 February 1951 -RRB- is an English actress well-known for her roles as the Bond girl in the 1973 James Bond film Live and Let Die , the 1990s American television series Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman , and its telefilm sequels .
Ummerstadt is a town in the district of Hildburghausen , in Thuringia , Germany .
The Geneva Conventions do not address the use of weapons of war , as this is covered by the Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907 and the Geneva Protocol .
Clara Barton was instrumental in campaigning for the ratification of the First Geneva Convention by the United States , which eventually ratified it in 1882 .
The whole set is referred to as the `` Geneva Conventions of 1949 '' or simply the `` Geneva Convention '' .
The White House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the United States .
The property is owned by the National Park Service and is part of the President 's Park .
Construction continued with the addition of the South Portico in 1824 and the North in 1829 .
Eight years later , President William Howard Taft expanded the West Wing and created the first Oval Office which was eventually moved as the section was expanded .
Under Harry S. Truman , the interior rooms were completely dismantled and a new internal load-bearing steel frame constructed inside the walls .
In 2007 , it was ranked second on the American Institute of Architects list of `` America 's Favorite Architecture '' .
Once this work was completed , the interior rooms were rebuilt .
A newly constructed East Wing was used as a reception area for social events ; Jefferson 's colonnades connected the new wings .
Reconstruction began almost immediately , and President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817 .
The term White House is regularly used as a metonym for the Executive Office of the President of the United States and for the president 's administration and advisers in general .
By 1948 , the house 's load-bearing exterior walls and internal wood beams were found to be close to failure .
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices relocated to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
When Thomas Jefferson moved into the house in 1801 , he -LRB- with architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe -RRB- expanded the building outward , creating two colonnades that were meant to conceal stables and storage .
East Wing alterations were completed in 1946 , creating additional office space .
The third-floor attic was converted to living quarters in 1927 by augmenting the existing hip roof with long shed dormers .
The White House is made up of six storiesâ '' the Ground Floor , State Floor , Second Floor , and Third Floor , as well as a two-story basement .
It has been the residence of every U.S. President since John Adams .
Located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington , D.C. , the house was designed by Irish-born James Hoban , and built between 1792 and 1800 of white-painted Aquia sandstone in the Neoclassical style .
In 1814 , during the War of 1812 , the mansion was set ablaze by the British Army in the Burning of Washington , destroying the interior and charring much of the exterior .
Today , the White House Complex includes the Executive Residence , West Wing , Cabinet Room , Roosevelt Room , East Wing , and the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , which houses the executive offices of the President and Vice President .
Voharies is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Suhr is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Hagaste is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Vjekoslav Å krinjar -LRB- born 2 June 1969 -RRB- is a former Croatian football player .
In September 2010 , The Sunday Times selected King 's as its `` University of the Year '' .
King 's is ranked 63rd in the world -LRB- and 16th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 21st in the world -LRB- and 6th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings , and 77th in the world -LRB- and 15th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
King 's College London -LRB- informally King 's -RRB- is a public research university located in London , United Kingdom and a constituent college of the federal University of London .
King 's has around 18,600 full-time students and 5,030 staff and had a total income of Â # 508 million in 2009\/10 , of which Â # 144 million was from research grants and contracts .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
It is one of the largest centres for graduate and post-graduate medical teaching and biomedical research in Europe ; it is home to six Medical Research Council centres , the most of any British university , and is a founding member of the King 's Health Partners academic health sciences center .
King 's is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities , the European University Association , the Russell Group and Universities UK .
In 1836 King 's became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London .
There are currently 10 Nobel Prize winners amongst King 's alumni and current and former faculty .
A fracture is the -LRB- local -RRB- separation of an object or material into two , or more , pieces under the action of stress .
Interstate 79 -LRB- abbreviated I-79 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States , designated from Interstate 77 in Charleston , West Virginia to Pennsylvania Route 5 and Pennsylvania Route 290 in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Disinformation may include distribution of forged documents , manuscripts , and photographs , or spreading malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence .
It is bounded by Meghalaya State of India on the north , Tripura State on the south , Assam State of India on the east and Dhaka division on the west and Chittagong division on the southwest .
Sylhet Division -LRB- , pronounced Sileá Bibhag -RRB- , also known as Greater Sylhet or Sylhet region , is the northeastern division of Bangladesh , named after its main city , Sylhet .
Vancouver shares its name with the larger city of Vancouver located 305 m north in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
When clouds do not blanket the Puget-Willamette trough formed by the Cascade and Coast Range , Mount Hood , Mount Saint Helens , and Mount Adams are all visible from Vancouver .
Vancouver is located at 45 Â 38 â 1 â North , 122 Â 36 â 11 â West -LRB- 45.633743 , â ' 122.603011 -RRB- just north of the Columbia River , just west of where the Columbia River Gorge bisects the volcanic Cascade Range and just east of where the Willamette River enters the Columbia . The city of Vancouver is in the Western Lowlands region of Washington .
Both cities were named in honor of sea captain George Vancouver , although the Canadian city was incorporated 29 years after the incorporation of Vancouver , Washington , and more than 60 years after the name Vancouver was first used in reference to the historic Fort Vancouver trading post on the Columbia River .
Vancouver is located at 45 Â 38 â 1 â North , 122 Â 36 â 11 â West -LRB- 45.633743 , â ' 122.603011 -RRB- just north of the Columbia River , just west of where the Columbia River Gorge bisects the volcanic Cascade Range and just east of where the Willamette River enters the Columbia .
It was divided into twenty districts called nomes , the first of which was at el-Lisht .
Temperatures are less extreme and rainfall is more abundant .
The climate in Lower Egypt is milder than that of Upper Egypt owing primarily to its proximity to the Mediterranean Sea .
It refers to the fertile Nile Delta region , which stretches from the area between El-Aiyat and Zawyet Dahshur , south of modern-day Cairo , and the Mediterranean Sea .
Lower Egypt was represented by the Low Red Crown Deshret , and its symbols were the papyrus and the bee .
Its patron Goddess was the cobra goddess Wadjet .
Because Lower Egypt was mostly undeveloped scrubland , undeveloped for human life and filled with all types of plant life such as grasses and herbs , the organization of the nomes underwent several changes .
Lower Egypt was known as Ta-Mehu which means `` land of papyrus . ''
The capital of Lower Egypt was Memphis .
A Spanish colony since the late 1800s , the Western Sahara has been on the United Nations list of non-self-governing territories since 1963 .
The Polisario Front has won formal recognition for SADR from 81 states , and was extended membership in the African Union , while Morocco has won recognition or support for its position from several African governments and from most of the Arab League .
In both instances , recognitions have over the past two decades been extended and withdrawn according to changing international trends .
A war erupted between those countries and the Sahrawi national liberation movement Polisario Front , which proclaimed the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic -LRB- SADR -RRB- -LRB- exiled government in Tindouf , Algeria -RRB- .
Since a United Nations-sponsored ceasefire agreement in 1991 , most of the territory -LRB- including the entire Atlantic coast line -RRB- has been controlled by Morocco , strongly backed by France , and the remainder by the SADR , strongly backed by Algeria .
Le Housseau-Br Ã tignolles is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
In 1836 , Burr died on Staten Island in the village of Port Richmond .
When it became clear that Jefferson would drop Burr from his ticket in the 1804 election , the Vice President ran for the governorship of New York instead .
Sillas is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The generational gap is and was a term popularized in Western countries during the 1960s referring to differences between people of a younger generation and their elders , especially between a child and their parent 's generation .
Subsequent builds , which are subclassed as 168\/1 and 168\/2 , were constructed at the same time as the Class 170 Turbostar and thus are part of the Turbostar family of trains .
The first batch of units was classified 168\/0 under TOPS and resembled the Class 165 units previously built by BREL at York .
The units were built in several batches from 1997 onwards .
Clayton Moore -LRB- September 14 , 1914 â `` December 28 , 1999 -RRB- was an American actor best known for playing the fictional western character The Lone Ranger from 1949 â `` 1951 and 1954-1957 on the television series of the same name .
Octopuses have a relatively short life expectancy , and some species live for as little as six months .
At least four specimens of the Veined Octopus -LRB- Amphioctopus marginatus -RRB- have been witnessed retrieving discarded coconut shells , manipulating them , and then reassembling them to use as shelter .
The young larval octopuses spend a period of time drifting in clouds of plankton , where they feed on copepods , larval crabs and larval starfish until they are ready to descend to the ocean bottom , where the cycle repeats .
All octopuses are venomous , but only one group , the blue-ringed octopuses , is known to be deadly to humans .
An octopus trails its eight arms behind it as it swims .
When octopuses reproduce , males use a specialized arm called a hectocotylus to insert spermatophores -LRB- packets of sperm -RRB- into the female 's mantle cavity .
The female cares for the eggs , guarding them against predators , and gently blowing currents of water over them so that they get enough oxygen .
Larger species , such as the North Pacific Giant Octopus , may live for up to five years under suitable circumstances .
The exact extent of their intelligence and learning capability is much debated among biologists , but maze and problem-solving experiments have shown that they show evidence of a memory system that can store both short - and long-term memory .
In some species , the female octopus can keep the sperm alive inside her for weeks until her eggs are mature .
Unlike vertebrates , the complex motor skills of octopuses are not organized in their brain using an internal somatotopic map of its body , as is the motor system in vertebrates Some octopuses , such as the mimic octopus , will move their arms in ways that emulate the shape and movements of other sea creatures .
Octopuses have also been observed in what some have described as play : repeatedly releasing bottles or toys into a circular current in their aquariums and then catching them .
However , reproduction is a cause of death : males can only live for a few months after mating , and females die shortly after their eggs hatch .
The female does not hunt during the roughly one-month period spent taking care of the unhatched eggs and may ingest some of her own arms for sustenance .
The octopus is the only invertebrate which has been shown to use tools .
Octopuses often break out of their aquariums and sometimes into others in search of food .
An octopus has a hard beak , with its mouth at the center point of the arms .
Males die within a few months of mating .
In laboratory experiments , octopuses can be readily trained to distinguish between different shapes and patterns .
There are around 300 recognized octopus species , which is over one-third of the total number of known cephalopod species .
At around the time the eggs hatch , the mother leaves the lair and is too weak to defend herself from predators like cod , often succumbing to their attacks .
Octopuses have no internal or external skeleton -LRB- although some species have a vestigial remnant of a shell inside their mantle -RRB- , allowing them to squeeze through tight places .
In the UK , cephalopods such as octopuses are regarded as honorary vertebrates under the Animals -LRB- Scientific Procedures -RRB- Act 1986 and other cruelty to animals legislation , extending to them protections not normally afforded to invertebrates .
They neglect to eat during the -LRB- roughly -RRB- one month period spent taking care of their unhatched eggs , but they do not die of starvation .
The octopus is a cephalopod mollusc of the order Octopoda .
They have even boarded fishing boats and opened holds to eat crabs .
After they have been fertilized , the female lays about 200,000 eggs -LRB- this figure dramatically varies between families , genera , species and also individuals -RRB- .
Octopuses are highly intelligent , likely more so than any other order of invertebrates .
The term octopus may also be used to refer only to those creatures in the genus Octopus .
Akira Kitaguchi is a former Japanese football player .
Ackley is a town in Langlade County , Wisconsin , United States .
The population was 510 at the 2000 Census .
This initially seems to work as planned with Brahma becoming pleased by Hiranyakashipu 's austerities . Brahma thus appears before Hiranyakashipu and offers him a boon that he will personally make true anything he wishes for .
Depending on the model , it has a range of between 6700 t. It is similar in design to the twin-engined A330 with which it was concurrently designed .
The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined wide-body commercial passenger jet airliner . Developed by Airbus Industrie , a consortium of European aerospace companies , which is now fully-owned by EADS , the A340 is manufactured at Toulouse , France .
Six actors depict different facets of Dylan 's life and public persona : Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Marcus Carl Franklin , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger , and Ben Whishaw .
Yuji Yaso -LRB- born 31 October 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Hiroki Iikura -LRB- , born June 1 , 1986 in Aomori , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
The Bishop Giuseppe Maria Palatucci turned the camp into a shelter for Italian and foreign Jews , many of them sent there for protection by his nephew Giovanni Palatucci ; Giovanni was later honored as a Righteous Among the Nations by the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial .
The town , located in a mountainous district , gradually lost importance in the 20th century .
During World War II , Campagna was the site of an internment camp .
All its district offices have been moved to other cities since the 1930s , and the Diocese of Campagna merged with the Archdiocese of Salerno in 1973 .
Mentque-Nortb Ã court is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Louis Laurent Saha -LRB- born 8 August 1978 in Paris -RRB- is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Everton in the Premier League and the France national team .
They are best known for their first three albums with future Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson , then known as `` Bruce Bruce '' , and drummer Thunderstick -LRB- real name Barry Graham -RRB- , who wore a leather mask and performed on stage in a metal cage .
Samson was a British hard rock band formed in 1977 by guitarist and vocalist Paul Samson .
The CitroÃ `` n Xantia is a large family car produced by the French automaker CitroÃ `` n. First seen at the end of 1992 , the car was produced between 1993 and 2001 , with a facelift in 1998 .
Babcock is an unincorporated census-designated place located in Wood County , Wisconsin , United States .
Babcock has a post office with ZIP code 54413 . .
Rhythm Heaven , known in Europe as Rhythm Paradise and in Japan as Rhythm Tengoku Gold is a rhythm video game for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
It is the sequel to the Japan-only Game Boy Advance title Rhythm Tengoku .
Then relief would come to Saul ; he would feel better , and the evil spirit would leave him . ''
Saul does so and makes David one of his armor-bearers and `` whenever the spirit from God came upon Saul , David would take his harp and play .
Bathsheba becomes pregnant .
David sends for Uriah , who is with the Israelite army at the siege of Rabbah , so that he may lie with his wife and conceal the identity of the child 's father . Uriah refuses to do so while his companions are in the field of battle and David sends him back to Joab , the commander , with a message instructing him to abandon Uriah on the battlefield , `` that he may be struck down , and die . ''
David commits adultery with Bathsheba , the wife of Uriah the Hittite .
David tells Saul he is prepared to face Goliath and Saul allows him to make the attempt .
Heist-op-den-Berg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Pierre is the capital of the U.S. state of South Dakota and the county seat of Hughes County .
Founded in 1880 on the Missouri River opposite Fort Pierre , Pierre has been South Dakota 's capital since it gained statehood on November 11 , 1889 , having been chosen for its location in the geographic center of the state .
BourguÃ bus is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In the end , Edgar is tipped into the trunk , locked inside , and sent to Timbuktu himself .
The film took four years to produce , at a budget of $ 4,000,000 .
The Aristocats II was supposed to be a direct-to-video sequel to this film .
It was originally released to theaters by Buena Vista Distribution on December 11 , 1970 .
The Aristocats was re-released to theaters on December 19 , 1980 and April 10 , 1987 .
Madame Adelaide 's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar and include O'Malley . She starts a charity foundation providing a home for all of Paris ' stray cats .
The title is a pun on the word aristocrats .
Five of Disney 's legendary `` Nine Old Men '' worked on it , including the Disney crew that had been working 25 years on average .
This film was the last one to be approved by Walt Disney himself , and the first one produced after his death in 1966 .
It was scheduled to be released in 2007 , but the production was canceled in early 2006 after Disney acquired Pixar and canceled all projects not related to a consumer product line .
O'Malley , Scat Cat and his gang , and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar , while Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens .
It was first released on VHS in North America in the Masterpiece Collection series on April 24 , 1996 and DVD on April 4 , 2000 in the Gold Classic Collection line .
The Aristocats is an animated feature produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 and stars Eva Gabor and Phil Harris , with Roddy Maude-Roxby as Edgar the butler , the villain of the story .
The Aristocats had its Gold Collection disc quietly discontinued in 2006 .
On Classic Disney : 60 Years of Musical Magic , this includes `` Thomas O'Malley Cat '' on the purple disc and `` Ev ` rybody Wants to Be a Cat '' on the orange disc .
On Disney 's Greatest Hits , this includes `` Ev ` rybody Wants to Be a Cat '' on the red disc .
It was released on VHS in Europe on January 1 , 1990 .
The twentieth animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and revolves around a family of aristocratic cats , and how an alley cat acquaintance helps them after a butler has kidnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was meant to go to them .
Disney Studios began production of a sequel , The Aristocats II , in December 2005 , set to release in 2007 , but production was canceled in early 2006 .
In 1998 , he was drafted by the Vancouver Grizzlies and has played for that team as well as the Sacramento Kings , Atlanta Hawks , and the Washington Wizards .
Michael `` Mike '' Bibby -LRB- born May 13 , 1978 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat .
T ` rdat -LRB- , sometimes Latinized as Tiridates -RRB- , of the Chosroid Dynasty , was the king of Iberia -LRB- Kartli , eastern Georgia -RRB- from c. 394 to 406 .
As of yet , there is no theory that explains olfactory perception completely . In vertebrates smells are sensed by olfactory sensory neurons in the olfactory epithelium .
These axons pass to the olfactory bulb through the cribriform plate , which in turn projects olfactory information to the olfactory cortex and other areas .
Many vertebrates , including most mammals and reptiles , have two distinct olfactory systemsâ '' the main olfactory system , and the accessory olfactory system -LRB- mainly used to detect pheremones -RRB- .
Many jogging and running clubs started up all over the world .
Names other than mechanician have been used occasionally , such as mechaniker and mechanicist .
A mechanician is an engineer or a scientist working in the field of mechanics , or in a related or sub-field : engineering or computational mechanics , applied mechanics , geomechanics , biomechanics , and mechanics of materials .
It is also referred to as safer sex , or protected sex , while unsafe sex or unprotected sex is sexual activity engaged in without precautions to protect against sexually transmitted infections .
Promoting safe sex is now one of the aims of sex education .
John Michael Nchekwube Obinna -LRB- born 22 April 1987 -RRB- , commonly known as Mikel John Obi , John Obi Mikel or John Mikel Obi , is a Nigerian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for English club Chelsea and the Nigeria national team .
April Janet Pearson -LRB- born 23 January 1989 -RRB- is an English actress best known for her role as Michelle Richardson in the E4 teen drama series , Skins .
Like other forms of pollution -LRB- such as air , water , and noise pollution -RRB- light pollution causes damage to the environment .
Specific categories of light pollution include light trespass , over-illumination , glare , light clutter , and skyglow .
Light trespass occurs when unwanted light enters one 's property , for instance , by shining over a neighbor 's fence . A common light trespass problem occurs when a strong light enters the window of one 's home from the outside , causing problems such as sleep deprivation or the blocking of an evening view .
Polychlorinated biphenyls -LRB- PCBs ; CAS number -RRB- are a class of organic compounds with 1 to 10 chlorine atoms attached to biphenyl , which is a molecule composed of two benzene rings . The chemical formula for PCBs isC12H10-xClx .
In this version , the client software was renamed from `` MSN Messenger Service '' to just `` MSN Messenger , '' while the underlying service became known as '' .
As part of Microsoft 's Windows Live effort , which rebranded many existing MSN services and programs , MSN Messenger was renamed `` Windows Live Messenger '' beginning with version 8.0 .
It is known as Xbox Live Messenger and , less commonly , as Windows Live Messenger 360 .
The client has been part of Microsoft 's Windows Live set of online services since 2005 . It connects to Microsoft 's .
`` Harder to Breathe '' is a song by the American rock band Maroon 5 .
Malvern is a town and civil parish in Worcestershire , England , governed by Malvern Town Council .
Zwevegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Bo ` ness F.C. were a Scottish football club based at Newtown Park in Bo ` ness .
In contrast to Estonia 's political and financial capital Tallinn , Tartu is often considered the intellectual and cultural hub , especially since it is home to Estonia 's oldest and most renowned university .
Tartu is the second largest city of Estonia .
Mostly known as a university town , Tartu is also a site of heavy industry .
Alexandre Paes Lopes -LRB- born October 29 , 1974 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
She had already reportedly undergone a radical hysterectomy due to cancers of the uterus and ovaries .
In 1967 , when she was living and studying in SÃ # o Paulo , Mara visited the Teatro Oficina , and , as she used to say jokingly , never left it .
She worked backstage in all sorts of activities , until one day the opportunity arose to replace a sick actress in a play .
Mara VirgÃ nia Manzan -LRB- May 28 , 1952 â `` November 13 , 2009 -RRB- was a Brazilian actress .
In March 2008 , acting as `` Amara '' in Duas Caras , she learned that she had lung cancer . She was treated surgically by Dr. Drauzio Varella the following month on April 16 , 2008 .
The Southern Tenant Farmers ' Union -LRB- STFU -RRB- was founded as a civil farmer 's union to further organize the tenant farmers in the Southern United States .
When Miss Hoover returns to class , Lisa is devastated to lose her most positive adult role model .
`` Lisa 's Substitute '' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons second season .
It originally aired on Fox in the United States on April 25 , 1991 .
Lisa finds Mr. Bergstrom 's teaching methods inspiring and discovers an entirely new love for learning .
Meanwhile , Bart runs for class president against Martin .
In the episode , Lisa 's teacher Miss Hoover takes medical leave due to what she thinks is Lyme disease , so substitute teacher Mr. Bergstrom takes over the class .
Eventually , she realizes that while Mr. Bergstrom was one of a kind , she can find role models in other people , including her father Homer .
Bots that are in this list should also appear in List of users with a bot flag .
Tax resistance is the refusal to willingly pay a tax because of opposition to the institution that is imposing the tax , or to some of that institutionâ s policies . Tax resistance can be a form of conscientious objection -LRB- for example , some pacifists refuse to pay taxes that pay for war -RRB- .
In the anti-war tax resistance movement in the United States it is sometimes remarked that there are as many ways to practice tax resistance as there are resisters . Some tax resisters refuse to pay all or a portion of the taxes due , but then make an equivalent donation to charity .
Haileyville is a city in Pittsburg County , Oklahoma , United States .
The Kit-Cat Klock is an art deco novelty style clock .
The tail swings as a second hand and eyes move back and forth to give illusion of it watching you .
Glirinae is a subfamily of dormice -LRB- Gliridae -RRB- .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL withdrew its support for the Kingston location .
It holds exhibits about players , teams , National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- records , memorabilia and NHL trophies , including the Stanley Cup .
Originally in Kingston , Ontario , the Hockey Hall of Fame was first established in 1943 under the leadership of James T. Sutherland .
Dedicated to the history of ice hockey , it is both a museum and a hall of fame .
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961 .
In 1993 , the Hall was relocated to a former Bank of Montreal building in Downtown Toronto , where it is presently located .
The first class of honored members was inducted in 1945 , before the Hall of Fame had a permanent location .
The Hockey Hall of Fame -LRB- Temple de la renommÃ e du hockey in French -RRB- is located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Year 1906 -LRB- MCMVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Sunday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .
In 1273 King Otakar II of Bohemia occupied the castle .
Sopron is a significant wine producing region , one of the few in Hungary to make both red and white wines .
The king awarded Sopron by elevating it to the rank of free royal town .
Grapes include KÃ kfrankos for red wine and Traminer -LRB- GewÃ 1\/4 rztraminer -RRB- for white wine .
When the area that is today Western Hungary was a province of the Roman Empire , a city called Scarbantia stood here .
In climate it is similar to the neighbouring Burgenland wine region in Austria , and several winemakers make wine in both countries .
In 1153 it was mentioned as an important town .
MFC Sopron was a football team based in Sopron .
Its forum was located where the main square of Sopron can be found today .
Even though he took the children of Sopron 's nobility with him as hostages , the city opened its gates when the armies of King Ladislaus IV of Hungary arrived .
The town received its Hungarian name at this time from a castle steward named Suprun .
In the 9th -- 11th centuries Hungarians strengthened the old Roman city walls and built a castle .
During the Migration Period Scarbantia was believed to be deserted and by the time Hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .
The enteric nervous system is sometimes considered part of the autonomic nervous system , and sometimes considered an independent system .
In 2003 , a 2-disc DVD version was announced alongside special edition DVDs of Alice in Wonderland and Pocahontas , which were released in 2004 and 2005 respectively .
This series ended with TV movie Leroy & Stitch , which was released on June 27 , 2006 .
He considers putting Lilo into foster care , but Nani is very much against this idea , as Lilo and she are the only remaining members of her family ; Lilo does not help as she does not understand what may happen .
A direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated feature produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released on June 21 , 2002 .
The Movie , which served as the pilot to a TV series titled Lilo & Stitch : The Series .
It , along with the film , features more Elvis Presley singles than any of Elvis ' own feature films .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released on June 27 , 2006 as the conclusion to the TV series .
In March 2008 , Disney announced a reimagined version of Lilo & Stitch , titled Stitch !
In its second week , fell to # 3 , again behind the Spielberg film at # 2 .
Lilo & Stitch was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , which ultimately went to Hayao Miyazaki 's film , Spirited Away , which was also distributed by Walt Disney Pictures .
The film was released on VHS and DVD December 3 , 2002 .
The film 's success at the box office and on DVD led to a franchise , with four direct-to-video sequels and a television series spanning two seasons .
, aimed at the Japanese market .
In this film -LRB- set between the first and second films -RRB- , Stitch has a glitch because his molecules were never fully charged -LRB- this is contrary to an alternate opening , `` Stitch 's trial '' , which was seen on the DVD release of Lilo & Stitch -RRB- .
The film opening at # 2 with $ 35,260,212 in its first weekend , less than $ 500,000 behind the film Minority Report .
Lilo wants to win the May Day hula contest like her Mom did in the 1970s , but Stitch continues to have outbursts .
This set includes most of the bonus features from the original DVD and adds an audio commentary , a 2-hour making-of documentary , more deleted scenes including the original climax with the plane hijacking , a number of behind-the-scenes featurettes , and some games .
The film profited $ 145,794,338 in the United States and Canada , and $ 127,349,813 internationally , finishing with $ 273,144,151 in the world .
On August 30 , 2005 , Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch , the `` official '' direct-to-video sequel to the film , was released .
This series ran for 65 episodes between September 20 , 2003 and July 29 , 2006 .
On August 26 , 2003 , Disney released a direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
The soundtrack of the film was released by Walt Disney Records on June 21 , 2002 .
On March 24 , 2009 , Disney finally released the special edition DVD , which they dubbed a 2-Disc `` Big Wave Edition '' .
This was followed by a television series , Lilo & Stitch : The Series , which ran from September 20 , 2003 to July 29 , 2006 .
The series is produced by the Japanese animation house Madhouse LTD.
She thinks Stitch is not cooperating properly , until she finds out that Stitch is dying .
Lilo & Stitch received very positive reviews from critics and movie-goers alike , and along with The Princess and the Frog was one of only two Walt Disney Feature Animation\/Walt Disney Animation Studios productions released during the 2000s to meet with critical approval and make its cost back during its original theatrical run .
Lilo & Stitch was the second of three Disney animated features produced primarily at the Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida studio located at Walt Disney World 's Disney-MGM Studios in Orlando , Florida .
The series carried on where the film left off and charted Lilo 's efforts to capture and re-home Jumba 's remaining experiments .
The show , which began in October 2008 , features a Japanese girl named Yuna -LRB- formerly referred to as Hanako -RRB- in place of Lilo , and is set on a fictional island in Okinawa prefecture instead of Hawaii .
A 2-disc special edition DVD of Lilo & Stitch was released in the UK on August 22 , 2005 , alongside the UK release of Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch , but a release in the US suffered from continuous delays .
The 42nd animated feature in the Walt Disney Animated Classics , it was written and directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois , and features the voices of Sanders , Daveigh Chase , Tia Carrere , David Ogden Stiers , Kevin McDonald , Ving Rhames , and Jason Scott Lee .
In the United Kingdom , Lilo & Stitch trailers and TV ads featured a cover of Elvis ' song `` Suspicious Minds '' , performed by Gareth Gates , who became famous on the UK TV program Pop Idol .
Gustavo Dudamel has been the orchestra 's artistic director since 1999 .
The Orquesta SinfÃ nica SimÃ n BolÃ var -LRB- SimÃ n BolÃ var Symphony Orchestra -RRB- is a Venezuelan youth orchestra .
Junya Hosokawa is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Swiss cheese is a generic name in North America for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the Swiss Emmental .
Swiss cheese without eyes is known as â blind .
For cheeses produced in Switzerland see Cheeses of Switzerland . For other uses , see Swiss cheese -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Swiss cheese is a generic name in North America for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the Swiss Emmental . Some types of Swiss cheese have a distinctive appearance , as the blocks of the cheese are riddled with holes known as â eyes .
An Earthship is a type of passive solar house made of natural and recycled materials .
It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite , mother by Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- of Thebe and Locrus -LRB- although both of these are assigned a different mother by other authors -RRB- .
It belongs to the PasiphaÃ `` group , irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22.8 and 24.1 Gm , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 Â and 158.3 Â .
Megaclite is about 5.4 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24.687 million kilometers in 792.437 days , at an inclination of 150 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 148 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.308 .
At abolition it contained the following districts : Faisalabad , Toba Tek Singh , Jhang and Chiniot .
Saint-Thom Ã is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Sanghar Taluka is an administrative subdivision -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Sanghar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Sanghar is the capital .
Maureen O'Hara -LRB- born August 17 , 1920 -RRB- is an Irish film actress and singer .
The famously red-headed O'Hara has been noted for playing fiercely passionate heroines with a highly sensible attitude .
Eraclea Mare is known for its pinewood and the `` Mort Lagoon '' -LRB- Italian : Laguna del Mort -RRB- .
Eraclea Mare is the Lido of Eraclea .
The Lagoon stretches between the Eraclea 's Lido and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon , being supplied with water only by the flood-tides .
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous tourist towns : Caorle and Jesolo .
Still uncontaminated , the Mort is characterized by shallow and calm waters with a sandy and muddy seabed , rich in phytoplankton .
A steady growth of foreign tourists , especially from Germany , has been recently recorded .
The Mort Lagoon , an unusual natural formation , was caused by the overflowing of the Piave river in 1935 , whose bed was modified in its last stretch after a large flood .
Eraclea is a town and comune in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy .
SP42 goes through it .
Eraclea Mare , one of the destinations of summer tourism on the Adriatic riviera , is together with Jesolo and Caorle one of the best known seaside resorts on the Venetian coast .
Verizon Ladies First Tour is a 2004 concert tour by American R&B - soul singers BeyoncÃ and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott , with Canadian singer Tamia as their tour guest .
A. afarensis was slenderly built , like the younger Australopithecus africanus .
Australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid that lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago .
It is thought that A. afarensis was ancestral to both the genus Australopithecus and the genus Homo , which includes the modern human species , Homo sapiens .
In the parliamentary session of 1905 , plans were submitted for an additional station at the south end of the tunnel , under Wellington Street .
Legal problems delayed permission to build the subway and tram route and it was not until 1906 that permission to build was granted and then not to cross the bridge .
In 1953 , London Transport used the tramway to store 120 unused buses and coaches in case they were needed for the Coronation but proposals to convert the tramway subway to a car park or a film studio failed and it was leased out as a storage facility from October 1957 .
In 1946 , it was decided to replace all London 's remaining trams `` as soon as possible '' , this time by diesel buses .
A new sharp curve was built under Lancaster Place to enable an exit through the western side wall of Waterloo Bridge and a triangular junction with the through line was constructed .
In June 1958 , the London County Council proposed making use of the tunnel for light traffic coming from Waterloo Bridge in order to reduce traffic congestion at its junction with Strand and , in April 1962 , that the go-ahead was given for part of the southern end of the subway to be used in this way .
Services opened to the public on 24 February 1906 from The Angel , Islington to Aldwych , with a ceremonial opening by the chairman of the Highways Committee .
In 1929 it was decided to increase the headroom to 16 f by raising the roof or deepening the tunnel as appropriate .
Drivers of the trams recorded difficulty in climbing the ramp north from Holborn tramway station and would sometimes roll all the way back to the station .
On 16 November that year the routes were extended north from The Angel to Highbury station .
In 1937 , the rebuilding of Waterloo Bridge required the diversion of the side entrance to the tramway to a new position centrally underneath the bridge , which opened on 21 November of that year .
With a distance of 16 m , this was the longest tram route operated entirely within the County of London .
In places the trackbed was lowered by 5 f , requiring the underpinning of the walls with concrete .
The southern section of the abandoned tunnel between the Embankment and the Strand Underpass has been converted into a branch of the Buddha Bar chain of bar\/restaurants .
Service patterns continued to change , especially with the opening of tram lines over Blackfriars Bridge on 14 September 1909 , and during the 1920s it was realized that to remain profitable the subway needed to be able to take double-deck trams .
The London County Council had , for many years , wanted to connect its `` North Side '' and `` South Side '' tramway systems in order to be able to send the `` North Side '' vehicles for overhaul to the Central Repair Depot at Charlton in South East London .
In 1902 , it decided to build a subway from Theobalds Road in the north to the Embankment underneath Waterloo Bridge to the south , from where a surface line would continue over the bridge .
Work started on 11 September of that year , resulting in the replacement of the cast iron tubes by a new steel girder-supported roof and the diversion of the sewer .
The eastern side of this junction , leading to Blackfriars , was removed as part of the 1930s upgrade .
During the early hours of the next morning , the remaining trams north of the subway were run through to the depots south of the Thames .
A weekend service , which ran until 1932 , was introduced between Highgate -LRB- Archway -RRB- and Downham via Brockley .
Through services commenced on 10 April 1908 from Highbury station to Tower Bridge and to Kennington Gate , with a procession of six cars going south from the Holborn through to Kennington , then diverting to Elephant and Castle in order to return through the subway to Angel .
Special trams were constructed from non-flammable materials for the route , and wooden trams , common on other routes , were not permitted through the subway .
The two tramway stations were also completely rebuilt .
It was decided soon after to replace all trams in London by `` more modern vehicles . ''
This latter service was short-lived and the tracks were removed in 1930 .
The abandonment program began in 1935 with trams in South-West , West , North-West , North and East London mostly being replaced by trolleybuses .
This involved the demolition of the pedestrian subways under Waterloo Bridge and extensive construction in the bridge 's undercroft .
The approach from the north near Southampton Row was an 170 f open cutting with a 1 in 10 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- gradient .
The Kennington service was not commercially viable and services were diverted to operate to Queens Road in Battersea which , due to a low bridge , could be operated with single-deck vehicles only .
The first journey took 12 minutes northbound and 10 minutes to return , even allowing for the horse-drawn vehicles also using the roads on the overground part of the route .
After the last services ran on the night of 2 February 1930 the tunnel was closed until the formal re-opening on 14 January 1931 using E\/3 type tram no. 1931 on new route 31 , with public services starting the following day .
After leaving the subway at the south end , trams turned right along the Embankment to Westminster Bridge or left on a service from Bloomsbury to the Hop Exchange .
The London Passenger Transport Board was formed in 1933 , taking over the London County Council trams .
Because of a sewer at the northern end and the District Railway to the south it was decided to build the tunnel for single-deck trams only .
Service routes were now Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting , Leyton to Westminster , Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington .
Construction began that September and it opened to road traffic as the Strand Underpass on 21 January 1964 .
Trams were abandoned in London on 5 July 1952 , after which street tracks were lifted , but those in the subway mostly remain in place .
The replacement program proceeded swiftly until 1940 , when the last pre-war conversion occurred , leaving only the South London trams and the subway routes 31 , 33 and 35 , the only tram routes operating into North London to survive the war .
The tracks passed through cast iron tubes underneath the Fleet sewer before rising slightly to enter Holborn tramway station .
South from here the subway was built with a steel roof to Aldwych tramway station and , because it was not initially planned to run a public service south of here , the tracks leading towards the Strand were used as a depot with appropriate equipment and inspection pits .
The opening of the new tramway along the Embankment meant it was decided to link up with this route instead and the station was never built .
Drivers on routes through the tunnel had to have at least two years ' experience on other services to be considered for these routes .
The first subway route to be withdrawn was route 31 , on 1 October 1950 , with the remaining two routes , 33 and 35 , being withdrawn after service on Saturday , 5 April 1952 , the last public services being ` specials ' on the Sunday , shortly after midnight .
Prototype Kingsway trolleybus no. 1379 , with exits on both sides with folding doors , was constructed for feasibility tests through the subway , but these were unsuccessful as trolleybuses would have had to run on battery power through the subway , headroom restrictions making it impossible to use overhead current collection .
Some prefer the sound produced with tube amplifiers on the grounds that it is more natural and satisfying than the sound from typical transistor amplifiers .
Tube sound -LRB- or valve sound -RRB- is the characteristic sound associated with a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .
Carlos Caetano Bledorn Verri -LRB- born October 31 , 1963 in IjuÃ , Rio Grande do Sul -RRB- , commonly known as Dunga -LRB- pronounced -RRB- , is a Brazilian former football defensive midfielder and a World Champion for Brazil in the 1994 World Cup . Dunga coached the national team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and was dismissed by the Brazilian Football Confederation following the team 's elimination in the quarter finals .
Breuil-Barret is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Paolo Barison -LRB- 23 June 1936 in Vittorio Veneto â `` 17 April 1979 in Andora -RRB- was an Italian association football player .
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Hugh Montague Trenchard , 1st Viscount Trenchard GCB OM GCVO DSO -LRB- 3 February 1873 -- 10 February 1956 -RRB- was a British officer who was instrumental in establishing the Royal Air Force .
In 1912 , Trenchard learned to fly and he was subsequently appointed as second in command of the Central Flying School .
Outside of his political work , Trenchard took on the chairmanship of the United Africa Company , which had sought out Trenchard because of his West African knowledge and experience . In 1936 Trenchard was upgraded from Baron to Viscount Trenchard .
Following further recuperation , Trenchard returned to active service in South Africa .
Trenchard is recognized today as one of the early advocates of strategic bombing .
As a young infantry officer , Trenchard served in India and with the outbreak of the Boer War , he volunteered for service in South Africa .
He held several senior positions in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I , serving as the commander of Royal Flying Corps in France from 1915 to 1917 .
He has been described as the Father of the Royal Air Force .
Returning as Chief of the Air Staff under Winston Churchill in 1919 , Trenchard spent the following decade securing the future of the Royal Air Force .
In 1918 , he briefly served as the first Chief of the Air Staff before taking up command of the Independent Air Force in France .
Dust mite excretion , pollen and pet dander are all common allergens , but it is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume to royal jelly .
Food allergies are not as common as food sensitivity , but some foods such as peanuts -LRB- a legume -RRB- , nuts , seafood and shellfish are the cause of serious allergies in many people .
Hakan Å Ã 1\/4 kÃ 1\/4 r -LRB- born 1 September 1971 -RRB- is a retired Turkish footballer who played as a striker .
Year 1432 -LRB- MCDXXXII -RRB- was a leap year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
documenta is one of the most important exhibitions of modern and contemporary art which now takes place every five years in Kassel , Germany .
The last documenta , the documenta XII , was from 16th of June until 23rd of September 2007 .
The shape reconstruction from lightcurves has been described as quite spherical with large planar , nonconvex parts of the surface .
This gives an axial tilt of 45 Â in both cases .
Massalia has an above-average density for S-type asteroids , similar to the density of silicate rocks .
20 Massalia -LRB- , or as in -RRB- is a large and fairly bright main-belt asteroid .
It orbits at very low inclination in the intermediate main belt , and is by far the largest asteroid in the Massalia family .
The remaining family members are fragments ejected by a cratering event on Massalia .
Massalia is an S-type asteroid .
Massalia was discovered by A. de Gasparis on September 19 , 1852 in Naples , and also found independently the next night by J. Chacornac in Marseilles . It was Chacornac 's discovery that was announced first .
Apart from the few largest bodies over 400 km in diameter , such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta , most asteroids appear to have been significantly fractured , or are even rubble piles .
It was Chacornac 's discovery that was announced first .
Massalia was discovered by A. de Gasparis on September 19 , 1852 in Naples , and also found independently the next night by J. Chacornac in Marseilles .
It is also the largest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
As such , it appears to be a solid un-fractured body , a rarity among asteroids of its size .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Massalia 's pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- 45 Â , 10 Â -RRB- or -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- 45 Â , 190 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty .
The loss at Vengeance stipulated that Batista could no longer get another chance at the World Heavyweight Championship while Edge remained champion .
He denied ever being a customer of Signature and stated that he has been `` tested regularly by the WWE , and I am in full compliance with the WWE Wellness Program '' .
They had a rematch at SummerSlam in a No Holds Barred match in which Batista pinned JBL .
Plans had been made for Batista to defend the title in a Triple Threat match with Eddie Guerrero and Randy Orton on the November 18 episode , but the match did not take place due to the unexpected death of Guerrero on November 13 , the date of the taping .
As 2005 began , Triple H realized the possibility of Batista becoming a threat to his World Heavyweight Championship .
In an attempt to persuade Batista to challenge WWE Champion John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield rather than him , Triple H concocted a scheme to have Batista run over in a limousine resembling the one used by Layfield .
He then went to the World Wrestling Federation , who sent him to train with Afa Anoa ` i 's school in the Wild Samoan Training Centre .
In WWE , he became a six-time world champion , winning the World Heavyweight Championship four times and the WWE Championship two times . In addition to these championships , Batista has won the World Tag Team Championship three times -LRB- twice with Ric Flair and once with John Cena -RRB- and the WWE Tag Team Championship once -LRB- with Rey Mysterio -RRB- .
In August 2007 , Batista was accused of anabolic steroid use after an ESPN article released the names of wrestlers that were clients of Signature Pharmacy of Orlando , Florida , one of many pharmacies under investigation for filling illegal prescription drugs .
Batista entered anyway and went on to win the Rumble earning the right to participate in the main event of WrestleMania 21 against the World Champion of his choice .
Batista finally claimed his third World Heavyweight Championship after eight consecutive attempts , by defeating Khali in a match that included Rey Mysterio at Unforgiven .
JBL defeated Batista at The Great American Bash by disqualification after the referee saw Batista use a steel chair .
At Armageddon , Batista took part in two matches ; losing to Shawn Michaels in a singles match , and winning a tag team turmoil match along with Ric Flair to become one-half of the World Tag Team Champions .
Batista accepted an open challenge from The Great Khali at The Great American Bash . Edge relinquished the title due to an injury the week before the pay-per-view , and Khali became the new World Heavyweight Champion , winning a Battle Royal and eliminating Batista .
He later won the OVW Heavyweight Championship from `` The Machine '' Doug Basham before losing the belt to The Prototype -LRB- John Cena -RRB- .
Batista won the World Heavyweight Championship on April 3 at WrestleMania 21 .
Initially , Dave did not want help from Evolution and wanted to confront JBL by himself .
He aligned himself with Ric Flair and feuded with Kane , whom he defeated at Armageddon .
In January 2003 , Batista joined Triple H , Ric Flair and Randy Orton to form the villainous stable Evolution .
At Saturday Night 's Main Event , Batista won a six man tag match with Rey Mysterio and Bobby Lashley taking on King Booker , Finlay , and Mark Henry .
In his book , Batista Unleashed , Batista said that he believed that Henry was `` careless '' during their match as he never gave Batista any warning that the move was coming .
as Deacon Batista , a villainous enforcer for Reverend D-Von . He made his WWE in-ring debut in a tag team match teaming with D-Von against Faarooq and Randy Orton , pinning Orton .
While training after the injury , Batista re-tore his triceps , extending his stay on the sidelines .
Batista made his official return during the July 7 edition of SmackDown !
They continued to battle over the title to a stalemate in a Last Man Standing match at Backlash and a Steel Cage Match on the May 11 episode of SmackDown !
On June 30 , Batista was revealed as the last pick in the 2005 WWE Draft Lottery ; he made a surprise appearance while JBL was celebrating his victory in a six-man elimination match to win the new SmackDown !
Batista won a rematch with Triple H for the World Heavyweight Championship at Backlash .
Batista made his return on the October 20 episode of Raw , interfering in a match between Bill Goldberg and Shawn Michaels and `` shattering '' Goldberg 's ankle with a chair .
Batista , however , was sidelined for much of 2003 after he tore his right triceps muscle at a Raw live event in a tag team match against the Dudley Boyz .
Batista tried out at the WCW Power Plant , but was told he would never make it in the wrestling business by Sgt. Buddy Lee Parker .
Batista was also the winner of the 2005 Royal Rumble match .
Batista and Kane , Edge 's title opponent , faced Khali at The Great American Bash in a Triple Threat match where Khali retained the title .
Batista married his second wife Angie on October 13 , 1998 , yet they divorced in 2006 .
Soon after retaining the title in a feud with Eddie Guerrero , WWE.com reported that Batista suffered a muscle tear in his back at the taping for the November 11 edition of SmackDown !
Batista became aware of the plot while sneakily eavesdropping on fellow Evolution members and signed a contract guaranteeing him a match with the World Heavyweight Champion Triple H at WrestleMania 21 , thus leaving Evolution and officially turning into a fan favorite .
He made his Ohio Valley Wrestling debut in 2000 under the ring name Leviathan , where he immediately joined forces with Synn .
Triple H suggested that he not enter the Royal Rumble , claiming that it would be selfish of him to do so , and to simply focus on Triple H retaining the title .
Batista was pinned by Orton , winning the match for his team .
Triple H insisted that Evolution stick together and accompanied Dave anyway , saving him from the oncoming vehicle .
WWE reportedly suspended ten wrestlers named in the controversy , though Batista was not one of them .
After splitting with D-Von , he signed with Raw and was renamed to Dave Batista -LRB- or simply Batista -RRB- .
At WrestleMania 23 , Batista lost the championship to the winner of the Royal Rumble match , The Undertaker .
By the end of the event , all four members of Evolution held every male championship on Raw , with Triple H winning the World Heavyweight Championship and Randy Orton winning the WWE Intercontinental Championship .
Julio Alberto Moreno Casas -LRB- born 7 October 1958 in CandÃ s , Asturias -RRB- , known as Julio Alberto , is a former Spanish footballer , a gifted offensive left defender .
Chaserey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Final Fantasy IV is a role-playing video game developed and published by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- in 1991 as a part of the Final Fantasy series .
The game was originally released for the Super Famicom in Japan , and has been ported by Tose to the Sony PlayStation , Bandai 's WonderSwan Color , and Nintendo 's Game Boy Advance , with increasing changes . An enhanced remake with 3D graphics was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007 and 2008 .
This template is used in in the `` Reception '' section of album articles , for reviews by Robert Christgau which use his specific rating systems : 1969 to 1989 and 1990 to present .
The symbols are similar to the ratings symbols used by Christgau in print -LRB- except for the scissors , for legibility at a small size -RRB- .
Christgau 's letter grade ratings are output as plain text , like -LRB- B + -RRB- .
If the user clicks on a symbol they will be mapped through to the image page -LRB- example -RRB- , which provides an explanation of the image 's meaning .
This template should only be used for Christgau-specific ratings -LRB- or `` Christgau copycats , '' i.e. people who also use his rating system -RRB- .
Asbarez Newspaper began publication in August 1908 in Fresno as a weekly .
Asbarez is the official publication of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation Western United States Central Committee , and mainly serves the more than 500,000-strong Armenian-American community in the Western US .
On May 1 , 1970 when Asbarez began publishing its English section .
After several successful decades the offices and publishing headquarters moved to Los Angeles in the early 1970 â s.
Today , that section , which became a daily publication in January 1993 , is the voice of the community and a source of information within the halls of Congress , in libraries around the country and newsrooms of major media outlets .
Shangla Pass connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat , in North-West Frontier Province , Pakistan .
I The Massive Attack EP and Splitting the Atom EP charted on the UK Singles Chart and Swiss Singles Top 100 , despite being extended-play length releases .
Massive Attack are a British trip hop group , founded in 1988 by Robert Del Naja , Grantley Marshall , and Andrew Vowles in Bristol , England .
`` Over My Head -LRB- Cable Car -RRB- '' -LRB- originally performed as `` Cable Car '' -RRB- is a song by American rock band , The Fray . It is included on their on their debut album , How to Save a Life -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and was the debut single from the album and hit the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart .
Note that the year 2000 is included in : Category :2000 s but it is part of the 20th century .
Articles and events specifically related to the century beginning with the year 2001 and ending with the year 2100 .
A boomslang -LRB- Dispholidus typus -RRB- is a relatively small , venomous colubrid snake native to sub-Saharan Africa .
Its name means `` tree snake '' in Afrikaans and Dutch -LRB- `` boom '' meaning tree -LRB- a cognate of `` beam '' which means a long and large piece of wood , generally a support in a building -RRB- , and `` slang '' meaning snake -RRB- . In Afrikaans the name is pronounced .
CossÃ - en-Champagne is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Fabio Cudicini -LRB- born October 20 , 1935 -RRB- is an Italian former professional football -LRB- soccer -RRB- goalkeeper , who played from 1955 to 1973 .
It ended on March 21 , 1921 with the beginning of the NEP -LRB- New Economic Policy -RRB- , which lasted until 1928 .
War communism or military communism -LRB- , 1918 â `` 1921 -RRB- was the economic and political system that existed in the Soviet Russia during the Russian Civil War , from 1918 to 1921 .
Homer uses the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant medical insurance plan to buy Dimoxinil , a miracle hair growth formula .
`` Simpson and Delilah '' is the second episode of The Simpsons second season and first aired on October 18 , 1990 .
The episode was directed by Rich Moore , written by Jon Vitti and guest starred Harvey Fierstein as Karl .
Homer grows hair , and is given a promotion at work which allows him to hire a secretary named Karl .
Subiaco is a town in Logan County , Arkansas , United States .
The trade name Simplex was used from the early days ; in 1972 the company was renamed Simplex Mechanical Handling Ltd.
Formed in 1911 as The Motor Rail & Tramcar Co Ltd , they built petrol and diesel engined locomotives , mainly narrow gauge .
Motor Rail was a British locomotive-building company , based in Bedford .
During World War I over 900 locos were supplied for use on temporary military supply railways .
The largest concentration of Moroccans outside Morocco is in France , which has reportedly over one million Moroccans .
Morocco is a Northern African country , bordering the North Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea , between Algeria and the annexed Western Sahara .
Morocco has a coast on the Atlantic Ocean that reaches past the Strait of Gibraltar into the Mediterranean Sea .
Lindau is a Landkreis or rural district in Bavaria , Germany ; its capital is the city of Lindau .
It is bounded by -LRB- from the east and clockwise -RRB- the district of OberallgÃ u , Austria -LRB- federal state of Vorarlberg -RRB- , Lake Constance and the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg -LRB- districts of Bodensee and Ravensburg -RRB- .
Two months later , the King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 is announced .
Unlike Tekken 5.1 which merely tried to balance Tekken 5 , Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection adds a host of new content .
Currently available in the arcades , the PSP and the PlayStation 3 -LRB- via the PlayStation Network -RRB- Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection is an update of Tekken 5 .
It was updated for the PSP and PlayStation 3 as Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection and succeeded by Tekken 6 .
Heihachi and Kazuya team up to fight the Jack-4s , and bring down scores of the androids together . But Heihachi starts to lose his strength .
In addition to removing the uneven nature of the Tekken 4 styled stages , the design team returned to the style of stages from previous games by having some stages without barriers by allowing them to be infinitely scrolling . For walled stages , the fights take place in fairly symmetrical boxes without any uneven walls -LRB- again , removing a feature introduced in Tekken 4 -RRB- .
The next day , Heihachi 's death is declared all over the world -LRB- unknown to everyone , Heihachi is still alive -RRB- , and everyone foresees the end of the Mishima Zaibatsu .
The noise wakes Heihachi and Kazuya up , and moments later , a squadron of Jack-4 's burst through the walls . The Jack-4 's target Heihachi and Kazuya , and Kazuya immediately deduces that they have been sent by G Corporation , who no longer need Kazuya and now want him dead .
Wegenstetten is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
No authenticated portrait of Robert Hooke exists , a situation sometimes attributed to the heated conflicts between Hooke and Isaac Newton .
Hooke 's collaboration with Christopher Wren also included St Paul 's Cathedral , whose dome uses a method of construction conceived by Hooke .
In the reconstruction after the Great Fire , Hooke proposed redesigning London 's streets on a grid pattern with wide boulevards and arteries , a pattern subsequently used in the renovation of Paris , Liverpool , and many American cities .
Hooke achieved fame in his day as Surveyor to the City of London and chief assistant of Christopher Wren .
This was a position he held for over 40 years .
This proposal was thwarted by arguments over property rights , as property owners were surreptitiously shifting their boundaries .
On 8 July 1680 , Hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the modes of vibration of glass plates .
In 1664 Hooke also was appointed Professor of Geometry at Gresham College in London and Cutlerian Lecturer in Mechanics .
Robert Hooke FRS -LRB- 18 July 1635 â `` 3 March 1703 -RRB- was an English natural philosopher , architect and polymath who played an important role in the scientific revolution , through both experimental and theoretical work .
Hooke became Curator of Experiments in 1662 to the newly founded Royal Society , and took responsibility for experiments performed at its weekly meetings .
Hooke helped Wren rebuild London after the Great Fire in 1666 , and also worked on designing London 's Monument to the fire , the Royal Greenwich Observatory , Montagu House in Bloomsbury , and the infamous Bethlem Royal Hospital -LRB- which became known as ` Bedlam ' -RRB- .
Hooke was in demand to settle many of these disputes , due to his competence as a surveyor and his tact as an arbitrator .
He ran a bow along the edge of a glass plate covered with flour , and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
Hooke also participated in the design of the Pepys Library , which held the manuscripts of Samuel Pepys 's diaries , the most frequently cited eyewitness account of the Great Fire of London .
Oak Hill is located at .
If a trademark has been registered , then it is much easier for the trademark owner to demonstrate its trademark rights and to enforce these rights through an infringement action .
The use of a trademark in this way is known as trademark use .
Since 2003 , Weatherly has starred as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo on the CBS TV show NCIS .
Michael Manning Weatherly , Jr. -LRB- born July 8 , 1968 -RRB- is an American actor , best known for his roles as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo on the television series NCIS , and Logan Cale on the television series Dark Angel .
Cudos is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
This category lists articles relating to transport by tram , street-running light-rail or similar systems in the United Kingdom .
In 1948 , two of her songwriter friends , Mack David and Jerry Livingston , called Woods to record `` Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo '' , `` A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes '' , and `` So This is Love '' .
She married the first time at the age of 17 to Stephen Steck Jr. and had one child by that marriage , her daughter Stephanie .
After a divorce , she married Tonight Show drummer Ed Shaughnessy in 1963 and had two sons , James and Daniel .
Jacqueline Ruth `` Ilene '' Woods -LRB- May 5 , 1929 â `` July 1 , 2010 -RRB- was an American singer and actress who voiced Cinderella in the 1950 Disney classic film .
Carles Puyol i Saforcada -LRB- ; born 13 April 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team .
Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center is a large wind farm with 735.5 megawatt -LRB- MW -RRB- capacity .
It consists of 291 GE 1.5 MW wind turbines and 130 Siemens 2.3 MW wind turbines spread over nearly 47,000 acres -LRB- 190 kmÂ -RRB- of land in Taylor and Nolan County , Texas .
The first phase of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 213 MW and was completed in late 2005 ; phase two consisted of 223.5 MW and was completed in the second quarter of 2006 ; phase three which consisted of 299 MW , was completed by the end of 2006 .
Ehime F.C. is a professional football club based in Matsuyama , the capital city of Ehime Prefecture of Japan .
Milan BaroÅ -LRB- born 28 October 1981 -RRB- is a Czech professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Galatasaray in Turkey and the Czech national team .
Four songs from the album : `` Prowler '' , `` Remember Tomorrow '' , `` Running Free '' and `` Iron Maiden '' were covered for the 2008 tribute album Maiden Heaven : A Tribute to Iron Maiden released by Kerrang !
Iron Maiden , released on April 14 , 1980 , is the debut album by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
The Leeward Islands -LRB- subdivision administrative des Ã les Sous-le-vent -RRB- are one of French Polynesia 's five administrative subdivisions . The administrative subdivision is identical with the electoral district of the Leeward Islands , one of French Polynesia 's 6 electoral districts for the Assembly of French Polynesia -LRB- see also Politics of French Polynesia -RRB- .
Multicellular organisms are organisms that consist of more than one cell , in contrast to single-celled organisms .
Multicellular organisms , especially long-living animals , also face the challenge of cancer , which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development .
In order to reproduce , true multicellular organisms must solve the problem of regenerating a whole organism from germ cells -LRB- i.e. sperm and egg cells -RRB- , an issue that is studied in developmental biology .
Changes in tissue morphology can be observed during this process .
Cerentino is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Since electrons are fermions , the Pauli exclusion principle forbids them from occupying the same quantum state , so electrons have to `` stack '' within an atom , i.e. have different momenta while at the same place .
The Pauli exclusion principle is a quantum mechanical principle formulated by the Austrian physicist Wolfgang Pauli in 1925 .
Rebecques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1873 the statue of David was removed from the piazza , to protect it from damage , and displayed in the Accademia Gallery , Florence , where it attracts many visitors .
PompÃ jac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Peter Rosenkrands LÃ venkrands -LRB- born 29 January 1980 -RRB- is a Danish footballer who plays for Newcastle United .
Wesley Michael `` Wes '' Brown -LRB- born 13 October 1979 -RRB- is an English football player who plays as a defender for Manchester United .
The Vajra Guru -LRB- Padmasambhava -RRB- mantra Om Ah Hum Vajra Guru Padma Siddhi Hum is favored and held in esteem by sadhakas .
Tokyu Corporation and the Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company share the same underground station located in the 5th underground level of Yokohama Station , to the west of the JR platforms .
Steven Paul `` Elliott '' Smith -LRB- August 6 , 1969 â `` October 21 , 2003 -RRB- was an American singer-songwriter and musician .
`` The Saga Begins '' is a parody by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic of `` American Pie '' by Don McLean , released from the 1999 album Running with Scissors , and later appearing on the compilation album entitled The Saga Begins .
Bazoges-en-Pareds is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Bazoges-en-Paillers is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The Fiat Cinquecento -LRB- , Ë tÊ É Å kwÉ Ë tÊ É ntoÊ -RRB- was a city car designed by Giorgetto Giugiaro of Ital Design , launched by Fiat in late 1991 to replace the Fiat 126 . It was the first Fiat model to be solely manufactured in the FSM plant in Tychy , Poland , which had been sold to Fiat by the Polish state , and where production of the Polish variant of the Fiat 126 , the Polski Fiat 126p , was still running .
Production of the Cinquecento ended in 1998 , when it was replaced by the Seicento .
Singer Michael Poulsen first started in death metal band `` Dominus '' .
In 2001 , Poulsen went on to form a new band with some friends and other former Dominus members . This was the beginning of Volbeat .
In pop-up or automatic toasters , bread slices are inserted vertically into the slots -LRB- generally only large enough to admit a single slice of bread -RRB- on the top of the toaster . A lever on the side of the toaster is depressed , activating the toaster .
Additionally , none of her eight dance pop single releases under MCA Records 's Canada imprint are present .
Morissette 's singles that are not on the album include `` All I Really Want '' , `` Joining You '' , `` Unsent '' , `` So Pure '' , the live track `` King of Pain '' -LRB- a cover of The Police song -RRB- , `` Precious Illusions '' and the European single `` Out Is Through '' .
Alanis Morissette : The Collection is the greatest hits compilation album by Alanis Morissette , released in the United States on 15 November 2005 .
Levergies is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Skeptical Inquirer is a bimonthly , American magazine published by the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry -LRB- CSI -RRB- with the subtitle : The magazine for science and reason .
Books of collections of articles are :
There have been several collections of articles from the Skeptical Inquirer , most edited by Frazier .
Hiram Emerson McCallum -LRB- 1900 -- January 13 , 1989 -RRB- was a mayor of Toronto , Ontario from 1948-1951 .
Renneval is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Warth-Weiningen is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The cover art was painted by Andreas Marshall .
As a result the first DNA transposon used as a tool for genetic purposes , the Sleeping Beauty transposon system , was a Tc1\/mariner-like transposon that was ressurected from an long evolutionary sleep .
Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements .
In vertebrate animal cells nearly all -RRB- 100,000 DNA transposons per genome have genes that encode inactive transposase polypeptides .
They may or may not have originated in the last universal common ancestor , or arisen independently multiple times , or perhaps arisen once and then spread to other kingdoms by horizontal gene transfer .
They copy themselves in two stages , first from DNA to RNA by transcription , then from RNA back to DNA by reverse transcription .
Transposons themselves are assigned to one of two classes according to their mechanism of transposition , which can be described as either `` copy and paste '' -LRB- class I -RRB- or `` cut and paste '' -LRB- class II -RRB- .
In this way , they are similar to viruses .
Bacteria may undergo high rates of gene deletion as part of a mechanism to remove transposons and viruses from their genomes while eukaryotic organisms use RNA interference -LRB- RNAi -RRB- to inhibit transposon activity .
While some transposons may confer benefits on their hosts , most are regarded as selfish DNA parasites .
Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities , leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor .
Transposons are found in all major branches of life .
Since excessive transposon activity can destroy a genome , many organisms have developed mechanisms to inhibit this activity .
Transposons may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity : The V -LRB- D -RRB- J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposons .
The DNA copy is then inserted into the genome in a new position .
Transposition can create phenotypically significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
Retrotransposons behave very similarly to retroviruses , such as HIV .
Transposons are mutagens .
They can damage the genome of their host cell in different ways :
Aarre Merikanto -LRB- 29 June 1893 , Helsinki - 29 September 1958 -RRB- was a Finnish composer .
Goku refuses to help Raditz continue the mission , after which he begins to encounter other enemies from space , most notably the Saiyan prince Vegeta , who becomes his rival due to Vegeta 's obsessive desire to surpass Goku in strength , though in the process , he too eventually becomes Goku 's ally . He also encounters Frieza , the galactic overlord responsible for the destruction of the Saiyan race , whose actions cause Goku to transform into a Super Saiyan .
Unlike the first two series , it was not based on the original Dragon Ball manga .
It follows the adventures of Son Goku from his childhood through adulthood as he trains in martial arts and explores the world in search of the seven mystical objects known as the Dragon Balls , which can summon a wish-granting dragon when gathered . Along his journey , Goku makes several friends and battles a wide variety of villains , many of whom also seek the Dragon Balls for their own desires .
AirÃ n is a variety of Vitis vinifera , a white grape commonly used in winemaking .
The oldest records in Old Persian date back to the Persian Empire of the 6th century BC .
According to available documents , the Persian language is `` the only Iranian language '' for which close phylological relationships between all of its three stages are established and so that Old , Middle , and New Persian represent one and the same language of Persian , that is New Persian is a direct descendent of Middle and Old Persian .
Nigel Mansell won the Drivers ' World Championship , and the Williams-Renault team were Constructors ' Champions .
The 1992 Formula One season was the 43rd FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Montrose Football Club is a Scottish semi-professional football team , based in the town of Montrose , Angus .
The Hound of the Baskervilles is one of the four crime novels by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle featuring the detective Sherlock Holmes .
Carency is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
There are eight genera in the family , including the commercially important nut-producing trees walnut -LRB- Juglans -RRB- , pecan -LRB- Carya illinoinensis -RRB- , and hickory -LRB- Carya -RRB- .
The leaves are pinnately compound , or ternate , and usually 20 â `` 100 cm long .
The Juglandaceae , also known as the Walnut Family , is a family of trees , or sometimes shrubs , in the order Fagales .
This east-west section is the route between the state capital in Topeka , the University of Kansas in Lawrence , and the industrial center of Kansas City , Kansas .
In June 1956 , the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956 was signed into law , granting funding to the nationwide Interstate Highway System .
The Kansas Turnpike Act , defining a turnpike from Oklahoma to Kansas City , became effective April 7 , 1953 .
While not part of the system 's early plans , the turnpike was eventually incorporated into the Interstate system in late 1956 , and is designated today as four different Interstate Highway routes : I-35 , I-335 , I-470 , and I-70 .
This highway exists entirely as a part of the Kansas Turnpike . In fact , until 1987 , this stretch of the Turnpike was designated solely as the Kansas Turnpike without an Interstate number .
The Kansas Turnpike was built from 1954 to 1956 , predating the Interstate Highway System .
Because the Kansas Turnpike was built before the Interstate Highway System , it is not engineered to current Interstate Highway standards .
It runs in a general southwest-northeast direction from the Oklahoma border , and passes through several major Kansas cities , including Wichita , Topeka , Lawrence and Kansas City .
Richard Melville Hall -LRB- born September 11 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Moby , is an American DJ , singer-songwriter , and musician .
The Pierhead Building is a Grade 1 listed building of the National Assembly for Wales in Cardiff Bay , Wales .
SchÃ nholzerswilen is a municipality in the district of MÃ 1\/4 nchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The most basic form , seen in some gastropods and annelids , consists of a lens of one refractive index .
Ocelli -LRB- pit-type eyes of arthropods -RRB- blur the image across the whole retina , and are consequently excellent at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual field ; this fast response is further accelerated by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain .
A far sharper image can be obtained using materials with a high refractive index , decreasing to the edges ; this decreases the focal length and thus allows a sharp image to form on the retina .
In the acute zone the eyes are flattened and the facets larger .
Focusing the image would also cause the sun 's image to be focused on a few receptors , with the possibility of damage under the intense light ; shielding the receptors would block out some light and thus reduce their sensitivity .
The resulting eye is a mixture of a simple eye within a compound eye .
The body of Ophiocoma wendtii , a type of brittle star , is covered with ommatidia , turning its whole skin into a compound eye .
An alternative to a lens is to line the inside of the eye with '' mirrors '' , and reflect the image to focus at a central point .
To minimize the effect of eye motion while the animal moves , most such eyes have stabilizing eye muscles .
They are small , comprising up to about 100 cells covering about 100 Â m .
The directionality can be improved by reducing the size of the aperture , by incorporating a reflective layer behind the receptor cells , or by filling the pit with a refractile material .
Some larger organisms , such as scallops , also use reflector eyes .
The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by incorporating a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens , which may greatly reduce the blur radius encounteredâ '' hence increasing the resolution obtainable .
The ocelli of insects bear a simple lens , but their focal point always lies behind the retina ; consequently they can never form a sharp image .
Good fliers like flies or honey bees , or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies , have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives acute vision .
The same is true of many chitons .
It detects moving objects as they pass successive lenses .
The flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot and therefore higher resolution .
A compound eye may consist of thousands of individual photoreceptor units or ommatidia -LRB- ommatidium , singular -RRB- .
This fast response has led to suggestions that the ocelli of insects are used mainly in flight , because they can be used to detect sudden changes in which way is up -LRB- because light , especially UV light which is absorbed by vegetation , usually comes from above -RRB- .
The scallop Pecten has up to 100 millimeter-scale reflector eyes fringing the edge of its shell .
This eye creates an image that is sharp enough that motion of the eye can cause significant blurring .
Found in about 85 % of phyla , these basic forms were probably the precursors to more advanced types of `` simple eye '' .
Compared with simple eyes , compound eyes possess a very large view angle , and can detect fast movement and , in some cases , the polarization of light .
Many small organisms such as rotifers , copeopods and platyhelminths use such organs , but these are too small to produce usable images .
Villmergen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Li Lian Jie -LRB- born April 26 , 1963 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese martial artist , actor , film producer , wushu champion , and international film star who was born in Beijing , and has taken up Singapore citizenship in 2009 .
Some important inventions were made in Mannheim .
Mannheim is the largest city of the Rhine Neckar Area , a metropolitan area with about 2.4 million inhabitants .
The Rhine separates Mannheim from the city of Ludwigshafen , just to the west of it in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Mannheim is a city in southwestern Germany . With about 311,350 inhabitants , Mannheim is the second-largest city in the Bundesland of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , following the capital city of Stuttgart .
This is in contrast to parallel communication , where several bits are sent as a whole , on a link with several parallel channels .
In telecommunication and computer science , the concept of serial communication is the process of sending data one bit at a time , sequentially , over a communication channel or computer bus .
They provide an insight into the beliefs and controversies of Early Christianity and , as part of the canon of the New Testament , they have also been , and continue to be , foundational to Christian theology and Christian ethics .
Among these letters are some of the earliest extant Christian documents .
The Pauline epistles , Epistles of Paul , or Letters of Paul , are the thirteen New Testament books which have the name Paul -LRB- Î Î á Î '' Î Ï -RRB- as the first word , hence claiming authorship by Paul the Apostle .
This is because most of the conodont animal was soft-bodied , thus everything but the teeth were not suited for preservation under normal circumstances .
There are three forms of teeth , coniform cones , ramiform bars , and pectiniform platforms , which may have performed different roles .
The organisms range from a centimeter or so to the giant Promissum , 40 cm in length .
This has made them useful for petroleum exploration where they are known , in rocks dating from the Cambrian to the Late Triassic .
It is now widely agreed that conodonts had large eyes , fins with fin rays , chevron-shaped muscles and a notochord .
The entire class of Conodonts , or at least what was left of them at the time , are postulated to have been wiped out by the Triassicâ `` Jurassic extinction event , which occurred roughly 200 million years ago .
This array constituted a feeding apparatus radically different from the jaws of modern animals .
It was not until early 1980s that the conodont teeth were found in association with fossils of the host organism , in a konservat lagerstÃ tte .
This is because under higher temperatures the phosphate undergoes predictable and permanent color changes , measured with the conodont alteration index .
The eleven known fossil imprints of conodont animals depict an eel-like creature with 15 or , more rarely , 19 elements forming a bilaterally symmetrical array in the head .
GarcÃ a was assassinated in 1028 while in LeÃ n to marry the princess Sancha , sister of Bermudo III of LeÃ n. Sancho III , acting as feudal overlord , appointed his younger son -LRB- GarcÃ a 's nephew -RRB- Ferdinand as Count of Castile , marrying him to his uncle 's intended bride , Sancha of LeÃ n. Following Sancho 's 1035 death , Castile returned to the nominal control of LeÃ n , but Ferdinand , allying himself with his brother GarcÃ a SÃ nchez III of Navarre , began a war with his brother-in-law Bermudo . At the battle of TamarÃ n Bermudo was killed , leaving no surviving offspring .
In 931 the County was reunified by Count FernÃ n GonzÃ lez , who rose in rebellion against Kingdom of LeÃ n , successor state to Asturias , and achieved an autonomous status , allowing the county to be inherited by his family instead of being subject to appointment by the Leonese king .
The first Count of Castile was Rodrigo in 850 , under OrdoÃ o I of Asturias and Alfonso III of Asturias .
Kingdom of Castile was one of the medieval kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula .
The minority of Count GarcÃ a SÃ nchez led Castile to accept Sancho III of Navarre , married to the sister of Count GarcÃ a , as feudal overlord .
It was called County of Castile and was held in vassalage from the Kingdom of LeÃ n. Its name comes from the host of castles constructed in the region . It was one of the kingdoms that founded the Crown of Castile , and the Kingdom of Spain .
Advance Wars , known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance is a turn-based tactics video game developed for the Game Boy Advance by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2001 .
This category is for counties in the U.S. state of Kansas .
Ponderay 's city motto is `` Little City with the Big Future '' .
Ball 1 : v = 8.5 m\/s Ball 2 : v = 1.5 m\/s
Consider two particles , denoted by subscripts 1 and 2 .
An elastic collision is an encounter between two bodies in which the total kinetic energy of the two bodies after the encounter is equal to their total kinetic energy before the encounter .
At any one instant , half the collisions are , to a varying extent , inelastic collisions -LRB- the pair possesses less kinetic energy in their translational motions after the collision than before -RRB- , and half could be described as â super-elastic â -LRB- possessing more kinetic energy after the collision than before -RRB- .
An elastic collision is an encounter between two bodies in which the total kinetic energy of the two bodies after the encounter is equal to their total kinetic energy before the encounter . Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms .
Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms .
Let mi be the masses , ui the velocities before collision and vi the velocities after collision .
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 , and was originally known as Yeovil , adopting its present name in 1985 .
The city ceased to be Russiaâ s capital in 1712 , after the founding of Saint Petersburg by Peter the Great near the Baltic coast in 1703 .
After the sacking of 1237 â `` 1238 , when the Mongols burned the city to the ground and killed its inhabitants , Moscow recovered and became the capital of the independent Vladimir-Suzdal principality in 1327 .
The 17th century was rich in popular risings , such as the liberation of Moscow from the Polish-Lithuanian invaders -LRB- 1612 -RRB- , the Salt Riot -LRB- 1648 -RRB- , the Copper Riot -LRB- 1662 -RRB- , and the Moscow Uprising of 1682 .
In 1941 , sixteen divisions of the national volunteers -LRB- more than 160,000 people -RRB- , twenty-five battalions -LRB- 18,500 people -RRB- and four engineering regiments were formed among the Muscovites .
In 1609 , the Swedish army led by Count Jacob De la Gardie and Evert Horn started their march from Veliky Novgorod toward Moscow to help Tsar Vasili Shuiski , entered Moscow in 1610 and suppressed the rebellion against the Tsar , but left it early in 1611 , following which the Polish-Lithuanian army invaded .
Many factories were evacuated , together with much of the government , and from 20 October the city was declared to be under siege .
The Plague of 1771 was the last massive outbreak of plague in central Russia , claiming up to 100,000 lives in Moscow alone .
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 , on 12 March 1918 Moscow became the capital of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and of the Soviet Union less than five years later .
Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia .
In January 1905 , the institution of the City Governor , or Mayor , was officially introduced in Moscow , and Alexander Adrianov became Moscowâ s first official mayor .
In the course of its history the city has served as the capital of a progression of states , from the medieval Grand Duchy of Moscow and the subsequent Tsardom of Russia to the Soviet Union .
That November , the German Army Group Center was stopped at the outskirts of the city and then driven off in the Battle of Moscow .
The plague epidemics ravaged Moscow in 1570 â `` 1571 , 1592 and 1654 â `` 1656 .
Nine years later , in 1156 , Prince Yuri Dolgorukiy of Rostov ordered the construction of a wooden wall , the Kremlin , which had to be rebuilt multiple times , to surround the emerging city .
The Kremlin is also one of several World Heritage Sites in the city .
In 1480 , Ivan III had finally broken the Russians free from Tatar control , allowing Moscow to become the center of power in Russia .
The outermost ring within Moscow is the Moscow Automobile Ring Road -LRB- often called the MKAD from the Russian Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð '' Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð '' Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ Ð '' Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð -RRB- , which forms the approximate boundary of the city .
During the Polishâ `` Muscovite War -LRB- 1605 â `` 1618 -RRB- hetman StanisÅ aw Å '' Ã Å kiewski entered Moscow after defeating the Russians in the Battle of Klushino .
Only two years later Moscow was sacked by khan Tokhtamysh .
Joseph Stalin refused to leave the city , meaning the general staff and the council of people 's commissars remained in the city as well .
In 1980 , it hosted the Summer Olympic Games , which was boycotted by the United States and several other Western countries due to the Soviet Union 's involvement in Afghanistan in late 1979 .
By paying high tribute , Ivan won an important concession from the Khan .
In 1380 , prince Dmitry Donskoy of Moscow led a united Russian army to an important victory over the Tatars in the Battle of Kulikovo , but which was not decisive .
Unlike other principalities , Moscow was not divided among his sons but was passed intact to his eldest .
Since then , the emergence of a market economy in Moscow has produced an explosion of Western-style retailing , services , architecture , and lifestyles .
During the French invasion of Russia in 1812 , the Muscovites burned the city and evacuated , as Napoleonâ s forces were approaching on 14 September .
Under Ivan I of Moscow the city replaced Tver as a political center of Vladimir-Suzdal and became the sole collector of taxes for the Mongol-Tatar rulers .
In 1991 , Moscow was the scene of the failed coup attempt by the government members opposed to the reforms of Mikhail Gorbachev .
Lehri Nature Park is situated in Jhelum District , northern Punjab , Pakistan .
In size and shape , it closely resembles Mycobacterium tuberculosis .
M. leprae is an aerobic rod-shaped -LRB- bacillus -RRB- surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to mycobacteria .
Mycobacterium leprae , also known as Hansenâ s coccus spirilly , mostly found in warm tropical countries , is a bacterium that causes leprosy -LRB- Hansen 's disease -RRB- .
Rathdrum is a city in Kootenai County , Idaho , United States .
Desa is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,940 people .
Petit-Verly is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
According to one FAO document , juniper berries are the only spice derived from conifers , though tar and inner bark -LRB- used as a sweetener in Apache cuisines -RRB- from pine trees is sometimes considered a spice as well .
A juniper berry is the female seed cone produced by the various species of junipers .
Wolfgang-Felix Magath -LRB- born 26 July 1953 -RRB- is a former German football central midfielder and current manager of VFL Wolfsburg .
He won the Central Hockey League Most Outstanding Defenseman in the 2001-02 CHL season .
Daniel Tetrault -LRB- born September 4 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League .
In the system of Greek numerals it has a value of 50 .
Nu -LRB- or ; uppercase Î lowercase Î 1\/2 , also transcribed as Ny ; modern Ni -RRB- , is the 13th letter of the Greek alphabet .
At least 4256 species of crane flies have been described , most of them -LRB- 75 % -RRB- by the specialist Charles Paul Alexander .
Larvae have a distinct head capsule , and their abdominal segments often have long fleshy projections surrounding the posterior spiracles -LRB- almost like tentacles -RRB- .
Their larvae , called `` leatherjackets '' , `` leatherbacks '' , `` leatherback bugs '' or `` leatherjacket slugs '' , because of the way they move , consume roots -LRB- such as those of turf grass -RRB- and other vegetation , in some cases causing damage to plants .
Some larval crane flies are predatory and may eat mosquito larvae . Adult crane flies feed on nectar or they do not feed at all ; once they become adults , most crane fly species exist as adults only to mate and die .
Despite their common names , as adults , crane flies do not prey on mosquitoes , nor do they bite humans .
Mouliets-et-Villemartin is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
AndrÃ - Louis Debierne , a French chemist , announced the discovery of a new element in 1899 .
Actinium is a radioactive chemical element with the symbol Ac and atomic number 89 , which was discovered in 1899 .
The Yamim Noraim are preceded by the month of Elul , during which Jews are supposed to begin a self-examination and repentance , a process that culminates in the ten days of the Yamim Noraim known as beginning with Rosh Hashanah and ending with the holiday of Yom Kippur .
Montaigu is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Montournais is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
While some enthusiasts of certain types of jazz have argued for narrower definitions which exclude many other types of music also commonly known as `` jazz '' , jazz musicians themselves are often reluctant to define the music they play .
From its beginnings in the early 20th century jazz has spawned a variety of subgenres : New Orleans Dixieland dating from the early 1910s , big band-style swing from the 1930s and 1940s , bebop from the mid-1940s , a variety of Latin jazz fusions such as Afro-Cuban and Brazilian jazz , free jazz from the 1950s and 1960s , jazz fusion from the 1970s , acid jazz from the 1980s -LRB- which added funk and hip-hop influences -RRB- , and Nujazz in the 1990s .
Traditional jazz enthusiasts have dismissed Bop , the 1970s jazz fusion era -LRB- and much else -RRB- as a period of commercial debasement of the music . According to Bruce Johnson , jazz music has always had a `` tension between jazz as a commercial music and an art form '' .
The web services are labeled by each Wave , for example , Windows Live Hotmail Wave 4 . The programs from Windows Live Essentials are usually called by a year number , for example , Windows Live Messenger 2011 .
Windows Vista provides a link in its user interface to download Windows Live Messenger , and Windows 7 saw the removal of applications such as Windows Mail , Windows Photo Gallery and Windows Movie Maker and replaced with the Windows Live Essentials suite , a software package that allows the downloading and installation of similar offerings from Windows Live . Some web-based Windows Live services such as Windows Live SkyDrive are available outside of Windows ; however , these services are integrated closely with the Windows Live Essentials suite of applications .
This service integrates tightly with other Windows Live services including Windows Live Contacts , Windows Live Calendar , and Windows Live SkyDrive .
It is currently implemented in all but a few Windows Live services .
In its initial release , several Windows Live properties were rebranded and enhanced from Microsoft 's MSN set of products and services .
Raeren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
It featured talent from the Raw , SmackDown , and ECW brands .
All wrestlers were from WWE 's Raw , SmackDown , and ECW brandsâ '' a storyline division in which WWE employees are assigned to a television program of the same name .
During a night-long challenge on the July 27 episode of Raw , to determine who would challenge Randy Orton for the WWE Championship at SummerSlam , Triple H had to defeat his opponent , Cody Rhodes , in the allotted time of 6:49 set by prior competitor , Mark Henry , but was not successful in doing so ; this was followed by Rhodes assaulting his incapacitated opponent with the assistance of his affiliate in The Legacy , Ted DiBiase . This led to Triple H enlisting help in the returning Shawn Michaels to reform the faction , D-Generation X -LRB- DX -RRB- , to face his adversaries at SummerSlam in a winning effort .
In the spirit of the submission concept of the show , the title was defended in an `` I Quit '' match , a match that can only be won by causing the opponent to say `` I Quit '' .
The guest host and storyline matchmaker of the August 24 episode of Raw was welterweight boxing champion , Floyd Mayweather , Jr. , who had a match with The Big Show at WrestleMania XXIV the previous year .
Breaking Point was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on September 13 , 2009 at the Bell Centre in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The name of the event was voted by fans via WWE 's official website .
WWE Chairman , Vince McMahon , proclaimed that , as a result of Orton 's actions in attempting to retain the title , he would grant Cena a rematch , and if anyone were to interfere on Orton 's behalf , in response to interference during their previous match from Ted DiBiase , he would lose the championship .
Wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .
Due to the lingering animosity , Mayweather announced that Montel Vontavious Porter -LRB- MVP -RRB- and Mark Henry would receive a match against The Big Show and his tag team partner , Chris Jericho , for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship at Breaking Point , provided they defeat them in an exhibition match that night ; MVP and Henry gained their chance after Mayweather gave MVP brass knuckles while the referee was distracted , to knock out and pin Jericho for the win .
After winning the World Heavyweight Championship at SummerSlam , CM Punk defended the title on the following episode of SmackDown against Jeff Hardy . It was announced that the winner of the match would defend the title against The Undertaker at Breaking Point in a match that can only be won by making their opponent submit .
Breaking Point was chosen over Submission Sunday , Total Submission , and Submit & Quit .
In numerical analysis , Newton 's method -LRB- also known as the Newton -- Raphson method -RRB- , named after Isaac Newton and Joseph Raphson , is a method for finding successively better approximations to the roots -LRB- or zeroes -RRB- of a real-valued function .
Campagnolles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Ukiyo-e were affordable because they could be mass-produced .
Later on landscapes also became popular .
Ukiyo-e -LRB- or -RRB- is a genre of Japanese woodblock prints -LRB- or woodcuts -RRB- and paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries , featuring motifs of landscapes , tales from history , the theater , and pleasure quarters .
The original subject of ukiyo-e was city life , in particular activities and scenes from the entertainment district .
Beautiful courtesans , bulky sumo wrestlers and popular actors would be portrayed while engaged in appealing activities .
They were mainly meant for townsmen , who were generally not wealthy enough to afford an original painting .
Eureka Springs is a city in Carroll County , Arkansas , United States .
Lilongwe , estimated population 902,388 as of 2009 , is the capital and largest city of Malawi . It lies in the country 's central region , on the Lilongwe River , near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia , and on the main north-south highway of Malawi , the M1 .
Taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on Presidential Way , North of City Centre Shopping Centre .
Kamuzu International Airport , located about 35 km north of Lilongwe in the suburb of Lumbadzi , offers local turbo-prop
The city started life as a small village on the banks of the Lilongwe river , and became a British colonial administrative center at the beginning of the 20th century .
Due to its location on the main north-south route through the country and the road to Northern Rhodesia -LRB- now Zambia -RRB- , Lilongwe became the second largest city in Malawi . In 1974 , the capital of the country was formally moved from Zomba to Lilongwe .
Recently , as part of political restructuring , the parliament has been shifted to Lilongwe and all parliament members are required to spend time in the new capital .
Lilongwe is served by Malawi Railways and Axa Bus company , and local buses and minibuses run between Old Town , City Centre , Kamuzu International Airport , and other urban centres , including Mzuzu and Blantyre .
In 1974 , the capital of the country was formally moved from Zomba to Lilongwe .
It lies in the country 's central region , on the Lilongwe River , near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia , and on the main north-south highway of Malawi , the M1 .
Lilongwe is now the political center of Malawi , but Blantyre remains the economic capital .
This was the second time that Paramount had considered launching a network anchored around a Star Trek show as the studio planned on anchoring a network around the series Star Trek : Phase II in 1977 . Initial work started in 1993 , and seeds for the show 's backstory , including the development of the Maquis , were placed in several Star Trek : The Next Generation and Star Trek : Deep Space Nine episodes .
Timmy and Jenny then leave to find the others only to be attacked by a band of bad cats and rats .
Together , they knock out Martin and Timmy tricks Martin 's army of pigeons and rats to fly in the wrong direction .
Martin decides to prove his quality , and goes off to find his own adventure .
Jeremy and Cecil take the two mice to NIMH where they find two of the rats from Thorn Valley , Justin and Brutus .
Timothy is chosen to go but his older brother Martin believes he should have been the one chosen .
The Secret of NIMH 2 : Timmy to the Rescue is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation and the sequel to the 1982 animated film The Secret of NIMH .
The mice return to Thorn Valley , Martin returns to normal and Timmy is now a hero .
The film begins with a prophecy , telling how one of Jonathan 's and Mrs. Brisby 's sons would save Thorn Valley from the `` secret of NIMH . ''
Timmy goes back to save Martin .
Before he leaves , Jenny tells him she loves him and he tells her the same .
The Thorn Valley council decides it would be too dangerous to save the six mice , so Jenny and Timmy go alone .
He asks Timmy to join him , but he refuses and is locked in a cage as Martin drags Jenny away to make her his queen .
They there learn that a caterpillar named Cecil has teamed up with Jeremy , the crow from the first film , to trick people into paying them money .
A likeness of Timmy is added to the statue of Jonathan as the people of Thorn Valley cheer .
The survivors -LRB- Timmy , Jenny , and her parents -RRB- flee .
Martin plans to use the lab rats and a flock of pigeons to take over Thorn Valley .
One day Timmy comes across a female field mouse named Jenny , whose parents were two of the lost six mice who tried to escape NIMH but were thought to have died .
Seeking help , they visit the Great Owl .
Timmy escapes with the help of Cecil and they go to free Jenny .
Timmy and Martin are able to escape through the lab 's skylight , with some help from Jeremy .
They take a hot air balloon , but it is attacked by a hawk and crashes in the forest .
In the film , Timothy Brisby , the youngest son of Johnathan and Mrs. Brisby , goes to Thorn Valley wanting to become a hero like his father .
Jeremy takes the survivors to safety .
The film , although a sequel , was created without Don Bluth 's support or input , as MGM owns all rights to the original film .
They also learn that Dr. Valentine , the head scientist , has made Martin insane .
This project should be your main reference for stub information , and is where new stub types should be proposed for discussion prior to creation . Once a stub has been properly expanded and becomes a larger article , any editor may remove its stub template .
The text of a stub category should contain a definition of what type of stubs are contained in it and an indication of what template is used to add stubs to it .
In general , a stub type consists of a stub template and a dedicated stub category , although `` upmerged '' templates are also occasionally created which feed into more general stub categories .
The new stub category should be correctly added into other categories .
Robert KovaÄ -LRB- ; born 6 April 1974 in Berlin , West Germany -RRB- is a retired Croatian football defender .
Antonio Santi Giuseppe Meucci -LRB- ; April 13 , 1808 -- October 18 , 1889 -RRB- was a compatriot of Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi , and an inventor , best known for developing a voice communication apparatus which several sources credit as the first telephone .
The page 's content has been restored for now .
Welcome to Wikipedia . Please do not replace pages with blank content , as you did with -LRB- this edit -RRB- to : , as this is confusing to readers .
The doctrine of implied repeal is a concept in English constitutional theory which states that where an Act of Parliament conflicts with an earlier one , the later Act takes precedence and the conflicting parts of the earlier Act are repealed -LRB- i.e. no longer law -RRB- .
This doctrine is expressed in the Latin phrase `` leges posteriores priores contrarias abrogant '' .
Comic irony : Irony that is humorous -LRB- whereas much irony is not -RRB- Dramatic irony : When the audience -LRB- or reader -RRB- knows a fictional character is making a mistake , because the reader has more information than the character . Tragic irony : A type of dramatic irony .
Kung Fu Panda 2 -LRB- originally Kung Fu Panda 2 : Pandamonium , then Kung Fu Panda 2 : The Kaboom of Doom , and finally , just Kung Fu Panda 2 -RRB- is an upcoming animated film and the sequel to the 2008 film , Kung Fu Panda .
The last passenger car was withdrawn from service in 1988 .
The British Rail Class 105 diesel multiple units were built by Cravens Ltd. of Sheffield from 1956 to 1959 .
None were selected for refurbishment .
The class were built with a side profile identical to British Railways Mark 1 carriage stock , using the same doors and windows .
Guavas are plants in the myrtle family -LRB- Myrtaceae -RRB- genus Psidium -LRB- meaning `` pomegranate '' in Latin -RRB- , which contains about 100 species of tropical shrubs and small trees .
The most frequently encountered species , and the one often simply referred to as `` the guava '' , is the Apple Guava -LRB- Psidium guajava -RRB- .
Video games in this category have been released exclusively on the Xbox 360 , and are not available for purchase or download on other video game consoles , personal computers , or mobile devices . The only exception to this rule is when a game has been ported from the arcade directly to the 360 and no other system .
Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivi Ã re is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Karlheinz Helmut FÃ rster -LRB- born 25 July 1958 -RRB- is a former German footballer , who played as a central defender .
Shawn Horcoff -LRB- born September 17 , 1978 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey center and captain for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Shawn Horcoff -LRB- born September 17 , 1978 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey center and captain for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- . He was selected in the fourth round of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft , 99th overall , by the Oilers , the team with which he has spent his entire NHL career .
The 1982 Formula One season was the 33rd FIA Formula One World Championship season .
The World Drivers ' Championship was won by Williams driver Keke Rosberg .
RyÅ hei Yamazaki is a Japanese footballer who plays for JÃ bilo Iwata in the J. League .
The National University of Central Buenos Aires -LRB- Universidad Nacional del Centro de Buenos Aires -RRB- is a public institution of higher learning located in Tandil .
The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the official name for the largest Christian church in Egypt .
Under Islamic rule , the Copts paid only one tax , the jizya . Also , Copts were excluded from service in the army .
The Ice Age : Dawn of the Dinosaurs video game from Activision was released on the Xbox 360 , Wii , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 2 , Games for Windows , and Nintendo DS on June 30 , 2009 .
In 1853 Manchester was granted city status in the United Kingdom .
There are two universities in the City of Manchester . The University of Manchester is the largest full-time non-collegiate university in the United Kingdom and was created in 2004 by the merger of Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST .
Manchester is a city and metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester , England .
Similarly , Ahmedabad , India established itself as the center of a booming textile industry , which earned it the nickname `` the Manchester of the East '' .
Although not an official twin city , Tampere , Finland is known as `` the Manchester of Finland '' â `` or `` Manse '' for short .
The city has one of the most extensive bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester region radiating from the city .
Manchester Metropolitan University was formed as Manchester Polytechnic on the merger of three colleges in 1970 .
First Manchester also operates a three route zero-fare bus service called Metroshuttle which carries commuters around Manchester 's business districts .
The Manchester Ship Canal is open , but traffic to the upper reaches is light .
The University of Manchester is the largest full-time non-collegiate university in the United Kingdom and was created in 2004 by the merger of Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST .
Local operator Northern Rail and First Transpennine Express operates all over the North of England , and other national operators include East Midlands Trains and Virgin Trains .
Manchester is well served by trains . In terms of passengers , Manchester Piccadilly was the busiest English railway station outside London between 2007 â `` 08 and the third busiest between 2008-09 .
In addition , the British Council maintains a metropolitan center in Manchester .
The Manchester Ship Canal was built in 1894 , in some sections by canalisation of the Rivers Irwell and Mersey , running 58 k from Salford to Eastham Locks on the tidal Mersey .
It includes the Manchester Business School , which offered the first MBA course in the UK in 1965 .
Manchester lies within one of the UK 's largest metropolitan areas ; the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester had an estimated population of 2,600,100 , the Greater Manchester Urban Area a population of 2,240,230 , and the Larger Urban Zone around Manchester , the second-most-populous in the UK , had an estimated population in the 2004 Urban Audit of 2,539,100 .
Greater Manchester has an extensive countywide railway network , and two mainline stations .
Manchester city center is also serviced by over a dozen rail-based park and ride sites .
Manchester is well-known for being a city of sport . Two Premiership football clubs bear the city 's name , Manchester United and Manchester City .
Manchester has formal twinning arrangements -LRB- or `` friendship agreements '' -RRB- with several places .
An extensive canal network remains from the Industrial Revolution , nowadays mainly used for leisure .
This enabled ocean going ships to sail right into the Port of Manchester .
It gained university status in 1992 , and in the same year absorbed Crewe and Alsager College of Higher Education in South Cheshire .
Manchester was the host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games , and its sports clubs include two Premier League football teams , Manchester City and Manchester United .
The Liverpool and Manchester Railway was the first passenger railway in the world .
Washington University in St. Louis is the largest , followed by Saint Louis University and University of Missouriâ `` St. Louis .
Other professional teams include the St. Louis Blues -LRB- hockey -RRB- and St. Louis Rams -LRB- football -RRB- . Successful sports franchises have led to St. Louis being called `` North America 's Best Sports City . ''
For a list of colleges and universities , see Colleges and Universities in Greater St. Louis
Blackpool Transport Services -LRB- BTS -RRB- is a bus and tram operator running within the boroughs of Blackpool and Fylde and into the surrounding area , including Fleetwood , Lytham St Annes , Poulton le Fylde and Kirkham , Preston .
BTS is a limited company wholly owned by Blackpool Borough Council , which makes it one of the few remaining municipal bus companies in the UK today .
Though bronze is generally harder than wrought iron , with Vickers hardness of 60 â `` 258 vs. 30 â `` 80 , the Bronze Age gave way to the Iron Age ; this happened because iron was easier to find and easier to process . Bronze was still used during the Iron Age , for example officers in the Roman army had bronze swords while foot soldiers had iron , but , for many purposes , the weaker wrought iron was found to be sufficiently strong .
Tin bronze was superior over arsenic bronze in that the alloying process itself could more easily be controlled -LRB- as tin was available as a metal -RRB- and the alloy was stronger and easier to cast .
The atoll 's guano deposits , mined by U.S. interests operating under the Guano Islands Act , were worked until depletion in about 1890 .
The island was named for Captain Charles J. Johnston , commanding officer of , who claimed its official discovery on December 14 , 1807 .
The county is named for the Umatilla River .
Umatilla County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon .
In 2003 , Iommi was ranked 86th in Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' and , in 2004 , number one on Guitar Worlds `` 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists of All Time '' .
Francis Anthony Melby `` Tony '' Iommi -LRB- born 19 February 1948 , in Aston , Birmingham , England -RRB- is an English guitarist and songwriter best known as the founding member of pioneering heavy metal band Black Sabbath , and the sole constant band member through multiple personnel changes .
Pierre Jules ThÃ ophile Gautier -LRB- August 30 , 1811 â `` October 23 , 1872 -RRB- was a French poet , dramatist , novelist , journalist , art critic and literary critic .
FourcÃ s is a commune in south-western France , more precisely in Gascony , in the Gers department , which is a part of the region of Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es .
In the neighborhood are numerous old castles , little medieval walled villages , small cities built around castles and `` sacred '' places , because the Via Podiensis and the Way of St. James of Compostela are going through the MontrÃ al and left their traces .
FourcÃ s is a typical medieval bastide , a little village where the houses are built in a circle to allow a proper defense .
The summers are long and warm ; the winters are warm and short .
Because of its landscapes and its vineyards the Gers is now and then called by some the `` Tuscany of France '' .
Neuffons is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
On the other hand , the Lojban camp freely borrowed grammatical terms from Lojban itself .
Lojban has a predecessor , Loglan , a language invented by James Cooke Brown in 1955 and developed by The Loglan Institute .
Civrac-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Maltot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
As of now , there are only four such box sets .
The latter could be taken as Chaiyo 's side of the story , as Tsuburaya was reported in the Japanese media to continue taking further action against them .
No other evidence supporting this claim was known to exist .
The dub considerably distorted the characterization and general mood of the series , and -- possibly as a result -- it achieved only limited success .
Tsuburaya Productions insisted and maintained that the contract was a forgery -LRB- due to factual errors , including the faulty titles of the series in the document , such as Ultra Q being called `` Ultraman 1 : Ultra Q , '' Ultra Seven being called `` Ultraman 3 : Ultraman Seven , '' and Tsuburaya Productions being called `` Tsuburaya Prod .
In 2001 , the Ultra Series was cited in the Guinness Book of World Records as the record-holder for the most number of spin-off shows .
The Ultra Series is the collective name for all the shows produced by Tsuburaya Productions featuring Ultraman , his many brethren , and the myriad Ultra Monsters .
The franchise has also been in the movie theaters , starting with Ultraman Zearth and Ultraman Zearth 2 , Ultraman Tiga : The Final Odyssey , released in 2000 , as well as ULTRAMAN , a movie that opened in December 2004 .
The defendants were also fined THB 15,000,000 -LRB- approx .
Sompote was also required to pay THB 10,700,000 plus interest at the rate of 7.5 per cent a year starting from December 16 , 1997 , when the original lawsuit was filed .
Sequels to the original series are : Ultraseven -LRB- 1967 , TBS -RRB- , Return of Ultraman -LRB- 1971 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Ace -LRB- 1972 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Taro -LRB- 1973 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Leo -LRB- 1974 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman 80 -LRB- 1980 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Tiga -LRB- 1996 , MBS -RRB- , Ultraman Dyna -LRB- 1997 , MBS -RRB- , Ultraman Gaia -LRB- 1998 , MBS -RRB- , and Ultraman Cosmos -LRB- 2001 , MBS -RRB- .
This was because BCI had used audio from older recordings in which several scenes had to be cut or shortened for the American broadcast in order to fit running time constraints .
Foreign productions include the 1987 Hanna-Barbera co-production Ultraman : The Adventure Begins -LRB- in Japanese , Ultraman USA -RRB- , an animated movie ; Ultraman : Towards The Future -LRB- in Japanese , Ultraman Great -RRB- , an Australian 1991 production and Ultraman : The Ultimate Hero -LRB- in Japanese , Ultraman Powered -RRB- , produced in the United States in 1993 .
In Japan , there have been several box sets that were released which would each contain a particular Ultra series .
Chaiyo gained permission to merchandise the original series , but lost the right to create and market its own Ultraman , or even use the original , without Tsuburaya consent .
A 3-disc box set containing the first 20 episodes of the series was released on July 18 , 2006 , and a second 3-disc box set containing the remaining 19 episodes was released on November 7 , 2006 .
During the time of the legal battle , Chaiyo came up with three of their own Ultras : Ultraman Millennium , Dark Ultraman -LRB- an evil Ultra -RRB- , and Ultraman Elite .
In other cases a large enough amount of energy can be utilized to bring them back to life , usually provided by their human allies , even after being completely destroyed , as was the case with Mebius 's death at the hands of Empira , only to be revived shortly thereafter by the life energy of his allies .
To counter this , Ultra-Crusaders almost always merge with a human host or create a human form for themselves in order to survive on Earth , more often than not reviving a recently dead person with their own lifeforce .
The exact ruling fell into some dispute : Some said it only gave him merchandising rights for the first six Ultra Series -LRB- Ultra Q through Ultraman Taro -RRB- and Jumborg Ace outside Japan , and broadcasting rights of said shows within Thailand .
In the course of Max series , another new hero known as Ultraman Xenon was also introduced .
Some say another reason for an Ultra-Crusader to recharge is because the Earth is badly polluted by humans , so Ultraman only has three minutes on Earth , but can survive long enough in outer space .
accepts 36 Ultramen as official -LRB- counting Ultraman Legend , the combined form of Ultramen Cosmos and Justice , as a separate entity -RRB- .
The ruling ended the long legal battle by finding Sompote Saengduenchai was not a co-creator of Ultraman .
At present , Tsuburaya Prod .
Ultraman 's licensing rights outside of Japan have been the subject of a prolonged legal dispute between Tsuburaya Productions and Chaiyo Productions -LRB- also called Tsuburaya Chaiyo Co Ltd -RRB- based in Thailand .
Both sets feature the original Japanese monaural dialogue track as well as the English-dubbed version produced by United Artists for North American syndication .
The time limit only happens inside the Earth 's atmosphere but they have none of those setbacks outside .
-LRB- Contrary to BCI 's statements , the original English dubs were complete and uncut , except for a small cut in the conclusion of Episode 36 , `` Gift From The Sky . '' -RRB-
In 2005 the American company BCI Eclipse announced they had acquired the DVD rights to the original Ultraman from Chaiyo .
On February 5 , 2008 , the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions of Japan after they made an appeal to the initial ruling .
`` Project Ultraman '' went on hiatus as a result of the ruling , which implied that although Chaiyo owned the right to some of the Ultraman series , it did not own the right to Ultraman and his brothers , including the design .
The Ultraman Mebius and Ultra Brothers movie opened in September 2006 .
-LRB- The figure is 38 if Next , Noa , and Nexus are counted as separate entities -- it has been revealed in Nexus that all three are a single being with various modes used by different hosts . -RRB-
This is marked by a light on the character 's body usually called the Color Timer , or `` warning light , '' which eventually begins to blink with increasing frequency as his energy supply dwindles -LRB- and turns from blue to red -RRB- .
The sets were released as part of the Digital Ultra movement where the shows would be re-released with digital remastering .
This direct-to-video feature is co-copyrighted by both Toei -LRB- and its subordinates , Toei Video and Ishinomori Productions -RRB- and Tsuburaya Productions .
Tsuburaya had previously collaborated with Chaiyo on the production of two movies , The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army and Jumborg Ace & Giant -- the latter of which featured another Tsuburaya superhero , Jumborg Ace -- in 1974 .
and Enterprises , '' a name the company never did business under -RRB- , and repeatedly contested the issue .
After an 8-year battle in the courts of both countries , Sompote Saengduenchai was awarded a favorable decision on April 27 , 2004 .
Chaiyo also created a TV series he called `` Project Ultraman , '' un-aired as of late March 2008 , a joint project in China featuring his own Ultraman and attaching Hong Kong star , Ekin Cheng to the project .
Other accounts , usually reported in the Thai\/Asian media , said that Chaiyo had gained the rights to those six shows everywhere outside Japan .
The final ruling saw Tsuburaya Productions as the sole copyright owner .
In spite of the fact that the document failed to state clearly and specifically exactly what had been given to Tsuburaya in exchange for these rights , Japanese and Thai courts accepted this contract as real and binding because of the supposed hanko of the late Noboru Tsuburaya in the document .
Tsuburaya decided not to market any of the disputed six Ultra Series outside Japan until it had completely settled the rights issues with Chaiyo , although the company continued to merchandise and distribute all of the Ultraman programs created after Ultraman Taro , including the theatrical feature Ultraman the Next , throughout the world .
Recently the studio tried a reinvention of the hero through the `` Ultra N Project , '' which involved three heroes : Ultraman Noa -LRB- the `` mascot '' of the Ultra N Project , who appears in stage shows as well as the final episode of Ultraman Nexus -RRB- in late 2003 , Ultraman Nexus -LRB- 2004 , CBC -RRB- , and ULTRAMAN -LRB- 2004 , Shochiku Productions -RRB- .
An episode of the Hoshi no Kirby anime series -LRB- `` Kirby : Right Back at Ya '' in America -RRB- contains an Ultraman reference , leading to the possibility that `` Tiga '' may have only been licensed in order to explain the reference -LRB- both shows debuted on the same day -RRB- .
This was followed by a return to old-school style series in the form of Ultraman Max -LRB- 2005 , CBC -RRB- .
Ultraman was followed by many other series .
On August 23 , 2006 , Tsuburaya Productions filed a new lawsuit against Chaiyo for copyright infringement and plagiarism -LRB- concerning their three original Ultraman characters -RRB- , and the court case was taken to China .
Tsuburaya Productions still held on to the complete original English dubbing materials , which they had obtained from a warehouse in 1997 , and refused to provide them for BCI .
Ultraman series have also been dubbed into various languages , including English , Spanish -LRB- only Ultra Q , the original Ultraman , Ultra Seven , Return of Ultra Man , Ultraman Great & Ultraman Tiga were known to be translated into Spanish -RRB- , Portuguese -LRB- Ultraman , Ultraseven , Return of Ultraman and Ultraman Tiga in Brazil -RRB- , Korean , Malay , Mandarin and Cantonese .
The Ultra Series is one of the prominent tokusatsu superhero genre productions from Japan , along with Toei produced series Kamen Rider , Super Sentai , and the Metal Heroes .
Also of note is the American English dub of Ultraman Tiga by 4Kids Entertainment that aired in 2002 .
Sompote Saengduenchai , founder\/president of Chaiyo Productions , claimed and maintained that in 1976 , the late Noboru Tsuburaya , Eiji 's son , who had died in 1995 , had given him and his company a contract which had given him rights to everything Ultraman outside Japanese territories in exchange for a monetary loan .
JPY 50,904,959 or USD 428,673.50 c. April 2007 -RRB- plus interest and attorneys ' fees .
In April 2007 , the Thailand Intellectual Property Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions , ordering Chaiyo to cease and desist making commercial profits from Chaiyo-produced Ultraman characters such as Millennium , Dark , and Elite .
An asterisk \* denotes shows -LRB- or movies -RRB- that feature no Ultramen .
The `` Digital Ultra '' re-release order of the series may not match the chronological order in which they were originally aired in Japan .
At this stage , the Ultra beings must either find a way to recharge or finish the fight as soon as possible , or involuntarily revert to human form , or worse , risk certain death .
The Ultra-Crusaders 's main weakness is that they can only stay on Earth in giant form for a limited span of time , usually not longer than three minutes , owing to a limited supply of energy -LRB- Earth 's atmosphere filters out solar energy -RRB- .
It also resulted in a slight backlash against Thai Ultraman fans , who were assumed to be outright Chaiyo supporters .
Another hero was also introduced : Ultraman Hikari , formerly known as Hunter Knight Tsurugi .
Because of the copyright struggle , importing literature on Ultraman into Singapore and Malaysia was prohibited .
The decision ended Sompote 's bid to continue his enterprise , and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop profiteering from Ultraman .
In 1993 , Tsuburaya Productions and Toei Company co-produced Ultraman vs. Kamen Rider , a crossover with the original Ultraman and Toei 's Kamen Rider 1 .
The Chinese courts in Beijing opened `` The Ultraman Copyright Study Group '' in response to the lawsuit .
At certain times , the English dialogue track switched over to the Japanese dialogue for small periods of time .
The straight-to-video market also saw the release of Ultraman Neos in 2000 , as well as special features for Ultraman Tiga , Dyna , and Gaia , who have teamed up in theatrical features -LRB- Tiga and Dyna once , as well as the three of them all together -RRB- .
In the course of the legal battle , Sompote presented photos of himself sharing his photos of Thai Buddhist edifices stating that Eiji had based Ultraman 's face on the said edifices , a claim which he has continued to hold since the dispute began .
The Satanic Verses is Salman Rushdie 's fourth novel , first published in 1988 and inspired in part by the life of Muhammad .
In biology , a filament is a long chain of protein subunits , such as those found in hair , muscle , or in flagella .
Yoshio Okada -LRB- August 11 , 1926 -- June 22 , 2002 -RRB- was a Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Longvillers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Alex plays as a center back currently for Chelsea and the Brazil national football team .
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa , better known as Alex -LRB- ; born 17 June 1982 in NiterÃ i -RRB- , is a Brazilian professional football player .
Gray 's Anatomy is an English-language human anatomy textbook originally written by Henry Gray .
The first edition of the book was called Anatomy : Descriptive and Surgical , but its name is commonly shortened to , and later editions are titled , Gray 's Anatomy .
Carol Creighton Burnett -LRB- born April 26 , 1933 -RRB- is an American actress , comedienne , singer , dancer and writer . Burnett started her career in New York .
Merelbeke is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
After being posted , users may click on the story I.D. to leave a comment .
MLIA has received more than 2,000,000 stories .
The majority of the users are students in high school or college .
If enough users vote that the story is worthy of being posted , then it becomes the first story on the home page , and will later be pushed down the page .
Khalsa says that MLIA seeks to `` bring to light how much stupid and boring stuff gets posted on the Internet . ''
The 1930s was even more fruitful , with the Concerto for Two Pianos , Choeurs , Saxophones and Orchestra , the Violin Concerto , The Operas `` ZoulaÃ na '' and `` Le marin de Bolivar '' , and her masterwork , `` La cantate de Narcisse '' in collaboration with Paul ValÃ ry .
Germaine Tailleferre -LRB- 19 April 1892 - 7 November 1983 -RRB- was a French composer and the only female member of the famous composers ' group Les Six .
Ravel encouraged her to enter the Prix de Rome Competition .
Tailleferre wrote many of her most important works during the 1920s , including her 1st Piano Concerto , The Harp Concertino , the Ballets `` Le marchand d'oiseaux '' -LRB- the most frequently performed ballet in the repertoire of the Ballets SuÃ dois during the 1920s -RRB- and `` La nouvelle CythÃ re '' which was commissioned by Diaghilev for the ill-fated 1929 season of the famous Ballets Russes , and `` Sous le ramparts d'Ath Ã nes '' in collaboration with Paul Claudel , as well as several pioneering film scores , including `` B ` anda '' in which she used African themes .
Born Marcelle Taillefesse at Saint-Maur-des-Foss Ã s , Val-de-Marne , France , as a young woman she changed her last name to `` Tailleferre '' to spite her father who had refused to support her musical studies .
She studied piano with her mother at home , composing short works of her own , after which she began studying at the Paris Conservatory where she met Louis Durey , Francis Poulenc , Darius Milhaud , Georges Auric and Arthur Honegger .
Her work in film music included `` Le petit chose '' by Maurice Cloche and a series of documentaries .
They divorced shortly thereafter .
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
In 1925 , she married Ralph Barton , an American caricaturist , and moved to Manhattan , New York .
In 1923 , Tailleferre began to spend a great deal of time with Maurice Ravel at his home in Monfort-L ` Amaury .
Please do not substitute it as this makes it hard to add references at a later date :
This is a list of references used by the Timeline of spaceflight WikiProject .
Crosswords DS -LRB- also known as CrossworDS -RRB- and as Nintendo presents : Crossword Collection in PAL regions is a puzzle video game by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
TAS was the first Star Trek series to win an Emmy Award .
The success in syndication of the original live action series and fan pressure for a Star Trek revival led to The Animated Series from 1973 â `` 1974 , as the source of new adventures of the Enterprise crew , the next being the 1979 live-action feature film Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
The animated series was aired under the name Star Trek , but it has become widely known under this longer name -LRB- or abbreviated as ST : TAS or TAS -RRB- to differentiate it from the original live-action Star Trek .
Star Trek : The Animated Series is an animated science fiction television series set in the Star Trek universe following the Star Trek : The Original Series of the 1960s .
The Magnolia Panthers compete in -LRB- Arkansas Activities Association Arkansas Activities Association 's -RRB- 5A-Southwest conference . Magnolia is also frequently the lead school in test scores in southwest Arkansas .
In the 2000s , some of the active topics have been the role of gene duplication in the emergence of novel gene function , the extent of adaptive molecular evolution versus neutral drift , and the identification of molecular changes responsible for various human characteristics especially those pertaining to infection , disease , and cognition .
Molecular systematics has been made possible by the availability of techniques for DNA sequencing , which allow the determination of the exact sequence of nucleotides or bases in either DNA or RNA .
Some of the key topics that spurred development of the field have been the evolution of enzyme function , the use of nucleic acid divergence as a `` molecular clock '' to study species divergence , and the origin of noncoding DNA .
Molecular evolution emerged as a scientific field in the 1960s as researchers from molecular biology , evolutionary biology and population genetics sought to understand recent discoveries on the structure and function of nucleic acids and protein .
At present it is still a long and expensive process to sequence the entire genome of an organism , and this has been done for only a few species .
Molecular evolution is the process of evolution at the scale of DNA , RNA , and proteins .
Molecular systematics is a product of the traditional field of systematics and molecular genetics . It is the process of using data on the molecular constitution of biological organisms ' DNA , RNA , or both , in order to resolve questions in systematics , i.e. about their correct scientific classification or taxonomy from the point of view of evolutionary biology .
Recent advances in genomics , including whole-genome sequencing , high-throughput protein characterization , and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic .
In pre-modern society , the ordeal typically ranked along with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a judicial verdict .
Johannes Hartlieb in 1456 reports a popular superstition of how to identify a thief by an ordeal by ingestion practiced privately without judicial sanction .
Priestly cooperation in trials by fire and water was forbidden by Pope Innocent III at the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215 , and replaced by compurgation .
The practice has much earlier roots , however , being attested as far back as the Code of Hammurabi and the Code of Ur-Nammu , and also in animist tribal societies , such as the trial by ingestion of `` red water '' -LRB- calabar bean -RRB- in Sierra Leone , where the intended effect is magical rather than invocation of a deity 's justice .
Trials by ordeal became rarer over the Late Middle Ages , often replaced by confessions extracted under torture , but the practice was discontinued only in the 16th century .
Indeed , the term ordeal itself , Old English ordÇ # l , has the meaning of `` judgment , verdict '' -LRB- German Urteil , Dutch oordeel -RRB- , from Proto-Germanic \* uzdailjam `` that which is dealt out '' .
Sullivan is a city in Moultrie County , Illinois , United States .
These references to the gods include a character comparing a mortal woman to a god , or saying he would rather be loved by a woman than by the gods .
Whether to honor a character or to mock him , these references were demeaning to the gods .
It is not uncommon , too , for a character to scorn the gods , as seen in Poenulus and Rudens .
Plautus perhaps does this to demoralize the characters .
Naeviusâ imprisonment and eventual exile , an example of state censorship , may have influenced Plautusâ choice of subject matter and manner .
His studies allowed him to produce his plays , which were released between c. 205 and 184 BC .
His acting talent was eventually discovered ; and he adopted the names `` Maccius '' -LRB- a clownish stock-character in popular farces -RRB- and `` Plautus '' -LRB- a term meaning either `` flat-footed '' or `` flat-eared , '' like the ears of a hound -RRB- .
In disposing of highly complex individuals , Plautus was supplying his audience with what it wanted , since â the audience to whose tastes Plautus catered was not interested in the character play , â but instead wanted the broad and accessible humor offered by stock set-ups .
It is from this work , perhaps , that his love of the theater originated .
His comedies are the earliest surviving intact works in Latin literature .
As Walter Juniper wrote , â Everything , including artistic characterization and consistency of characterization , were sacrificed to humor , and character portrayal remained only where it was necessary for the success of the plot and humor to have a persona who stayed in character , and where the persona by his portrayal contributed to humor .
For example , in Miles Gloriosus , the titular â braggart soldierâ Pyrgopolynices only shows his vain and immodest side in the first act , while the parasite Artotrogus exaggerates Pyrgopolynicesâ achievements , creating more and more ludicrous claims that Pyrgopolynices agrees to without question .
Any character in his plays could be compared to a god .
Plautus was sometimes accused of teaching the public indifference and mockery of the gods .
Young men , meant to represent the upper social class , often belittle the gods in their remarks .
Pyrgopolynices from Miles Gloriosus -LRB- vs. 1265 -RRB- , in bragging about his long life , says he was born one day later than Jupiter .
Naevius is most famous for having been imprisoned by the Metelli and the Scipionesâ '' two powerful families of the late 3rd century .
Tolliver argues that drama both reflects and foreshadows social change .
However , when a character scorns a god , it is usually a character of low standing , such as a pimp .
In Pseudolus , Jupiter is compared to Ballio the pimp .
Not much is known about Titus Maccius Plautus ' early life .
These two are perfect examples of the stock characters of the pompous soldier and the desperate parasite that appeared in Plautine comedies .
The state controlled stage productions , and Plautusâ plays would have been banned , had they been too risquÃ .
It is likely that there was already much skepticism about the gods in Plautusâ era .
His first tragedy took place in 235 BC . Plautus would have been living at the exact time as Naevius , but began writing later .
Soldiers often bring ridicule among the gods .
Parasites , pimps , and courtesans often praise the gods with scant ceremony .
Plautus did not make up or encourage irreverence to the gods , but reflected ideas of his time .
Gnaeus Naevius , another Roman playwright of the late 3rd century BC , wrote tragedies and even founded the fabula praetexta -LRB- history plays -RRB- , in which he dramatized historical events .
Raw is a term referring to food that has not been cooked .
Brusvily -LRB- , Gallo : Brisstaud -RRB- is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Robert Smith -LRB- November 3 , 1757 -- November 26 , 1842 -RRB- was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811 .
He was the brother of Senator Samuel Smith .
Recipe for Hate is Bad Religion 's seventh full-length album , released on September 21 , 1993 . This was their last album on Epitaph Records and the band switched to Atlantic Records before its release .
The album got the band 's highest U.S. chart position to date , debuting at # 14 on Billboard 's Heatseekers chart , with `` American Jesus '' and `` Struck a Nerve '' in particular becoming major rock radio hits at their time .
While the album was released on a major label , Recipe for Hate initially received mixed reviews from music critics , who generally found it to be less impressive than Bad Religion 's past releases , though it has gained a cult following in recent times .
Cormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The study of folklore is sometimes called folkloristics .
Folklore consists of legends , music , oral history , proverbs , jokes , popular beliefs , fairy tales and customs that are the traditions of that culture , subculture , or group .
An ex-coalmining area , Vendin-l Ã s-B Ã thune is situated 2 m northwest of BÃ thune and 24 m southwest of Lille , at the junction of the D180 and D181e roads .
Vendin-l Ã s-B Ã thune is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
On the day of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft , Vokoun was traded to the Florida Panthers in exchange for a first-round selection in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , a second-round selection in the 2007 draft -LRB- no. 58 -RRB- and a conditional second-round selection in either 2007 or 2008 .
Sheffield is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
According to Dzogchen folklore , the attainment of the Rainbow Body is the sign of complete realisation of the Dzogchen view .
As Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche -LRB- 2002 : p. 141 -RRB- states : â The realized Dzogchen practitioner , no longer deluded by apparent substantiality or dualism such as mind and matter , releases the energy of the elements that compose the physical body at the time of death . ''
Excess chlorine converts iodine monochloride into iodine trichloride in a reversible reaction : ICl + Cl2 ICl3
Iodine monochloride is the chemical compound with the formula ICl .
When chlorine gas is passed through iodine crystals , one observes the brown vapor of iodine monochloride . Dark brown iodine monochloride liquid is collected .
Vujadin BoÅ kov -LRB- , born 16 May 1931 -RRB- is a retired Serbian football player and coach .
In the United States , most restaurants serve fish and chips with tartar sauce .
In Northern Ireland , cod , plaice or whiting appear most commonly in `` fish suppers '' .
Bulletstorm is a 2011 first-person shooter video game developed by People Can Fly and Epic Games , and is published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Microsoft Windows .
EA responded to this argument : `` As you know , Bulletstorm is a work of entertainment fiction ... The game and its marketing adhere to all guidelines set forth by the ESRB ; both designed for people 17 + ... Much like Tarantino 's Kill Bill or Rodriguez 's Sin City , this game is an expression of creative entertainment for adults . ''
The headquarters of the Commissioner were at Multan , or , in the hot season , at .
According to the 1881 census of India the population of the area now included was 2,036,956 , in 1891 it had risen to 2,277,605 , and in 1901 to 3,014,675 .
The Division was abolished in 1884 , but reconstituted in 1901 .
The division lay between 28 Â 25 ' and 33 Â 13 N and 69 Â 19 ' and 73 Â 39 E , the Sutlej divided it from Bahawalpur -RRB- on the south-east , while the Indus flowed partly through the Division and partly along its border to the west .
Multan Division was created during British Rule in the subcontinent .
: For other royal ladies named Meresankh , see Meresankh .
Meresankh I 's name appears on a fragment of the Palermo Stone and an estate of Meresankh may be named in the tomb of Pehernefer in Saqqara .
The CEP is largely responsible for putting English devolution on the political and social agenda . There is a regional devolution movement in Cornwall as well as some unofficial or historic English Regions such as Wessex and Mercia although these groups command very little support and are very much on the fringe of local politics
The cytoplasm is a thick liquid residing between the cell membrane holding organelles , except for the nucleus .
The cytoplasm has three major elements ; the cytosol , organelles and inclusions .
Piccio is an Italian surname .
The name was announced as Thrym in IAU Circular 8177 .
It was discovered by Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the temporary designation S\/2000 S 7 .
Thrymr is about 5.6 km -LRB- 3.48 miles -RRB- in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,810 Mm in 1120.809 days , at an inclination of 175 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 151 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.453 .
However , the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending - r to the root Thrym .
Its name comes from Norse mythology , where Thrymr is a Jotun or frost giant .
Thrymr or Saturn XXX , is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Thrymr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past .
Saint-Martin-le-Ch Ã cents tel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Garni -LRB- Armenian : Ô Õ Õ 1\/4 Õ Õ `` , also Romanized as Garrni ; until 1936 , Bash Gyarni -RRB- is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia , situated approximately 28 km southeast from Yerevan .
A statue of the Little Mermaid normally sits on a rock in the Copenhagen harbor in Langelinie .
`` The Little Mermaid '' is a fairy tale by the Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen about a young mermaid willing to give up her life in the sea and her identity as a mermaid to gain a human soul and the love of a human prince .
Fort Campbell is a United States Army installation located astraddle the Kentucky-Tennessee border between Hopkinsville , Kentucky , and Clarksville , Tennessee .
The fort is named in honor of Union Army Brigadier General William Bowen Campbell , the last Whig Governor of Tennessee .
The Bash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on June 28 , 2009 at the ARCO Arena in Sacramento , California .
It was the mathematical aspect of surveying that led him to exploring the geometrical significance of complex numbers .
Wessel 's elder brother Johan Herman Wessel was a major name in Danish-Norwegian literature .
Wessel 's approach on addition was : `` Two straight lines are added if we unite them in such a way that the second line begins where the first one ends and then pass a straight line from the first to the last point of the united lines .
In 1763 , having completed secondary school , he went to Denmark for further studies -LRB- Norway having no university at the time -RRB- .
Since it was in Danish , it passed almost unnoticed , and the same results were later independently found by Argand and Gauss .
Even though this was n't Wessel 's main intention with the publication , he felt that a geometrical concept of numbers , with length and direction , was needed .
His paper was re-issued in French translation in 1899 , and in English in 1999 as On the analytic representation of direction -LRB- ed .
In 1778 he acquired the degree of candidatus juris .
From 1794 , however , he was employed as a surveyor -LRB- from 1798 as Royal inspector of Surveying -RRB- .
This line is the sum of the united lines '' .
This is the same idea as used today when summing vectors .
Wessel was born in Jonsrud , Vestby , Akershus , Norway .
Caspar Wessel -LRB- June 8 , 1745 - March 25 , 1818 -RRB- was a Danish-Norwegian mathematician .
J. LÃ 1\/4 tzen et al . -RRB- .
His fundamental paper , Om directionens analytiske betegning , was published in 1799 by the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters .
Craig James Brown CBE -LRB- born 1 July 1940 in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire -RRB- is a Scottish former professional football player and manager .
Ewerthon Henrique de Souza -LRB- born 10 June 1981 in SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian international football player .
The area south of the Antarctic Circle is known as the Antarctic , and the zone immediately to the north is called the Southern Temperate Zone .
Every place south of the Antarctic Circle experiences a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous daylight at least once per year , and a period of twenty-four hours ' continuous night time at least once per year .
There are , however , several Antarctic research centers from various nations that are inhabited by teams of scientists that rotate on a seasonal basis .
At least three children have been born in Antarctica , albeit in stations north of the Antarctic Circle . See Demographics of Antarctica .
The continent of Antarctica forms a land mass covering much of the area within the Antarctic Circle .
In previous centuries , some semi-permanent whaling stations were established on the continent and some of the whalers would live there for a year or more .
That is to say , there is at least one whole day during which the sun does not set , and at least one whole day during which the sun does not rise .
The Antarctic Circle is one of the five major circles -LRB- or parallels -RRB- of latitude that mark maps of the Earth .
There is no permanent human population on Earth south of the Antarctic Circle .
All Class 365 units in service have received front-end cab modifications to equip them with cab air conditioning , which was installed by WAGN .
The British Rail Class 365 `` Networker Express '' are dual-voltage -LRB- 25 kV AC and 750 V DC -RRB- electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994 to 1995 .
These were the last units to be built at the York factory before it closed .
2010 in professional wrestling .
Bowling Green is an incorporated town in Caroline County , Virginia , United States .
Eratosthenes knew that on the summer solstice at local noon in the Ancient Egyptian city of Swenet -LRB- known in Greek as Syene , and in the modern day as Aswan -RRB- on the Tropic of Cancer , the sun would appear at the zenith , directly overhead .
He was the first to calculate the tilt of the Earth 's axis -LRB- also with remarkable accuracy -RRB- . He may also have accurately calculated the distance from the earth to the sun and invented the leap day .
Assuming that the Earth was spherical -LRB- 360 Â -RRB- , and that Alexandria was due north of Syene , he concluded that the meridian arc distance from Alexandria to Syene must therefore be 360 Â \/ 7 Â 12 ' = 1\/50 , and was therefore 1\/50 of the total circumference of the earth .
He rounded the result to a final value of 700 stadia per degree , which implies a circumference of 252,000 stadia .
He invented a system of latitude and longitude . He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the earth by using a measuring system using stades , or the length of stadiums during that time period -LRB- with remarkable accuracy -RRB- .
He also knew , from measurement , that in his hometown of Alexandria , the angle of elevation of the sun was 7 Â 12 ' south of the zenith at the same time .
The common Attic stadion was about 185 m , which would imply a circumference of 46,620 km , i.e. 16.3 % too large .
The exact size of the stadion he used is frequently argued .
Eratosthenes calculated the circumference of the earth without leaving Egypt .
He also created a map of the world based on the available geographical knowledge of the era .
His estimated distance between the cities was 5000 stadia -LRB- about 500 geographical miles or 800 km -RRB- by estimating the time that he had taken to travel from Syene to Alexandria by camel .
Faux-Villecerf is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The Vision of Ezra is an ancient apocryphal text , claiming to have been written by the biblical Ezra .
Like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra , the work is clearly Christian , and features several apostles being seen in heaven . However , the text is significantly shorter than the Apocalypse .
Hobart is a city in Lake County , Indiana , United States .
Anzonico is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Final Fantasy VII is a role-playing video game developed by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- and published by Sony Computer Entertainment as the seventh installment in the Final Fantasy series .
A single-disc album of selected tracks from the Original Soundtrack and three arranged tracks , entitled Final Fantasy VII Reunion Tracks , was released separately .
Several tracks from the game have been remixed in subsequent Square productions , including Final Fantasy IX , Final Fantasy VII Advent Children , Final Fantasy VII Crisis Core and Kingdom Hearts .
It can also refer to the mode of growth , i.e. numeric models for describing how much a particular quantity grows over time .
Growth refers to an increase in some quantity over time .
Australian pearl divers dive for south sea pearl oysters to be used in the cultured south sea pearl industry .
This limits the number of pearls at a harvest period . The pearls are usually harvested after one year for akoya , 2 â `` 4 years for Tahitian and South Sea , and 2 â `` 7 years for freshwater .
In general , cultured pearls are less valuable than natural pearls , whereas imitation pearls almost have no value .
Imitation or fake pearls are also widely sold in inexpensive jewelry , but the quality of their iridescence is usually very poor , and generally speaking , artificial pearls are easily distinguished from genuine pearls . Pearls have been harvested and cultivated primarily for use in jewelry , but in the past they were also stitched onto lavish clothing .
In a haul of three tons , only three or four oysters will produce perfect pearls . Today , the cultured pearls on the market can be divided into two categories .
However , most freshwater cultured pearls sold today come from China . Saltwater pearls grow within pearl oysters , family Pteriidae , which live in oceans .
Before the days of cultured pearls , black pearls were rare and highly valued for the simple reason that white pearl oysters rarely produced naturally black pearls , and black pearl oysters rarely produced any natural pearls at all .
Cultured or farmed pearls from pearl oysters make up the majority of those that are currently sold .
Pearls from the sea are valued more highly than freshwater pearls . Imitation or fake pearls are also widely sold in inexpensive jewelry , but the quality of their iridescence is usually very poor , and generally speaking , artificial pearls are easily distinguished from genuine pearls .
Yasunobu Chiba is a retired Japanese football player .
John Fredrik Reinfeldt -LRB- pronounced -RRB- -LRB- born 4 August 1965 in Ã -- sterhaninge , Stockholm County , Sweden -RRB- is Prime Minister of Sweden , leader of the liberal conservative Moderate Party and former President of the European Council . He is married to politician Filippa Reinfeldt .
A cadre of young military officers , led by Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk , organized a successful resistance to the Allies ; in 1923 , they would establish the modern Republic of Turkey with AtatÃ 1\/4 rk as its first president .
Ferdinand is a city in Idaho County , Idaho , United States .
Eliza McCardle Johnson -LRB- October 4 , 1810 -- January 15 , 1876 -RRB- was the 21st First Lady of the United States and the wife of Andrew Johnson , the 17th President of the United States .
Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County , northwestern Romania with a population of 3,341 people which includes ChiÅ cÄ u -LRB- Kiskoh -RRB- , Cociuba MicÄ , GiuleÅ ti , Gurani , MÄ gura , MoÅ # eÅ ti and Pietroasa villages .
He was one of the few players of Slovak descent in the NHL 's younger years if not the first one ever .
He was brother-in-law to another NHL legend of Slovak descent Rudy Migay who played for Toronto Maple Leafs .
Although he played just a single season in the NHL , Backor made it count as he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup in 1945 .
After that season he spent the next 11 years playing in the minor leagues for the Pittsburgh Hornets of the AHL with whom he won the Calder Cup in 1952 , the Hollywood Wolves of the PCHL and the Sault Ste . Marie Indians of the NOHL .
Backor retired from hockey in 1956 .
Peter Backor -LRB- April 29 , 1919 in Fort William , Ontario â `` June 30 , 1988 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played briefly for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the NHL .
The British Rail Class 306 was a type of electric multiple unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- introduced in 1949 .
It consisted of 92 three-car trains which were used on newly electrified suburban lines between and London Liverpool Street .
Masaya Nishitani is a former Japanese football player who has recently played for Consadole Sapporo .
Matt currently drives the No. 17 Crown Royal Ford Fusion in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for Roush Fenway Racing .
Josep Maria Carreras i Coll -LRB- ; born 5 December 1946 -RRB- , better known as JosÃ Carreras , is a Catalan tenor particularly known for his performances in the operas of Verdi and Puccini .
On 14 July 1988 , he established the JosÃ Carreras International Leukemia Foundation -LRB- FundaciÃ Internacional Josep Carreras per a la Lluita contra la LeucÃ mia -RRB- in Barcelona .
She voiced a character in the animated film , Over the Hedge , in 2006 .
Goodbye Lullaby , Lavigne 's fourth album , is expected to be much more personal than her earlier records , with Lavigne describing the album as `` more stripped down , deeper . All the songs are very emotional '' .
Only a month after completing The Best Damn Tour , Lavigne began recording in her home studio in November 2008 with the song `` Black Star '' , written to help promote her first fragrance of the same name .
`` Darlin '' was the second song Lavigne wrote as a 15-year-old while living in Napanee , Ontario .
The result was the song `` Alice '' , which was played over the end credits and included on the soundtrack , Almost Alice .
Subsequent singles , `` Sk8er Boi '' and `` I 'm With You '' reached the top ten in the U.S. Thanks to the success of her first three singles , Lavigne was the second artist in history to have three # 1 songs from a debut album on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 .
With the exception of the album 's lead single , `` What the Hell '' , Lavigne described the songs on the album as different from her earlier material : `` I 'm older now , so I think that comes across in my music , it 's not as pop-rock '' .
In response to these delays , Lavigne said , `` I write my own music and , therefore , it takes me longer to put out records 'cause I have to live my life to get inspiration , '' and that she had enough material for two records .
In June 2005 , Whibley surprised Lavigne with a trip to Venice , including a gondola ride and a romantic picnic , and on 27 June , he proposed to her .
She stated , `` It 's so easy for me to do a boy-bashing pop song , but to sit down and write honestly about something that 's really close to me , something I 've been through , it 's a totally different thing . ''
Lavigne described the album as being about `` life '' .
The release dates for Goodbye Lullaby and its lead single were pushed back several times .
Lavigne and Deryck Whibley , lead singer and guitarist for the band Sum 41 , began dating when she was 19 years old , after being friends since she was 17 .
The marriage lasted a little over three years , and in October 2009 , Lavigne filed for divorce .
On 28 February , Lavigne gave a performance at the concert portion of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony , performing `` My Happy Ending '' and `` Girlfriend '' .
In January 2010 , while simultaneously writing and recording for her new album , Lavigne worked with Disney on Alice in Wonderland-themed clothing designs , inspired by Tim Burton 's feature film , Alice in Wonderland .
Several of the tracks were written in Lavigne 's youth .
She asked the executives if she could write a song for the film .
The lead single , `` What the Hell '' , premiered on Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve on 31 December .
In November , Lavigne was featured in Maxim , where she revealed that Goodbye Lullaby took two and a half years to complete , but she cited her record company as the reason for the album 's delays , stating that the album had been completed for a year . .
By July 2009 , nine tracks had been recorded for the new album , including the songs `` Fine '' , `` Everybody Hurts '' and `` Darlin '' .
Goodbye Lullaby is scheduled to be released on 8 March .
Endingen is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
William Harrison `` Jack '' Dempsey -LRB- `` The Manassa Mauler '' -RRB- -LRB- June 24 , 1895 â `` May 31 , 1983 -RRB- was an American boxer who held the world heavyweight title from 1919 to 1926 .
Because of the controversial nature of the fight , it remains known in history as the fight of `` The Long Count '' .
Dempsey earned about half that . Dempsey was losing the fight on points when he knocked Tunney down with a left hook to the chin in the seventh round , and landed several more punches .
In September 1926 , Dempsey fought Irish-American former U.S. Marine Gene Tunney in Philadelphia .
But , after Dempsey finally went to a neutral corner , the referee started his count , and Tunney got up at the referee 's count of nine .
Ciry-Salsogne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jill Eikenberry -LRB- born January 21 , 1947 -RRB- is an American actress .
Grenade , also referred to as Grenade-sur-Garonne , is a commune of the Haute-Garonne department in south-western France .
ChevillÃ is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Cherreau is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
A&M Records of Canada Ltd. was also formed in 1970 , and A&M Records of Europe in 1977 .
A&M Records Ltd. was established in 1970 , with distribution handled by other labels with a presence in Europe .
A&M releases were initially issued in the United Kingdom by EMI 's Stateside Records label , and then under its own name by Pye Records until 1967 .
The company was subsequently renamed A&M , after Alpert 's and Moss 's initials .
Their first choice for a name was Carnival Records , under which they released two singles before discovering another label had taken the Carnival name first .
In 1979 , A&M entered a distribution agreement with RCA Records -LRB- which later became BMG -RRB- in the USA , and with CBS Records -LRB- whose successor Sony Music Entertainment later absorbed BMG -RRB- in many other countries .
From 1966 to 1999 , the company 's headquarters were on the grounds of the historic Charlie Chaplin Studios at 1416 North La Brea Avenue , near Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood .
A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group that operates under the mantle of its Interscope-Geffen-A & M division .
A&M Records was formed in 1962 by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss .
Within a decade of its inception , A&M became the world 's largest independent record company .
In informal situations , the term begging the question is often used in place of circular argument . In the formal context , however , begging the question holds a different meaning .
Begging the question does not require any such reversal . Begging the question is similar to the fallacy of many questions : a fallacy of technique that results from presenting evidence in support of a conclusion that is less likely to be accepted , rather than merely asserting the conclusion .
Vehicle insurance -LRB- also known as auto insurance , car insurance , or motor insurance -RRB- is insurance purchased for cars , trucks , and other road vehicles .
Usually , a mahout starts as a boy in the ` family business ' when he is assigned an elephant early in its life and they would be attached to each other throughout the elephant 's life .
A mahout is a person who drives an elephant .
Kevin Anthony Jance Nolan -LRB- born 24 June 1982 -RRB- is an English professional footballer who plays for and captains Newcastle United in the Premier League .
The first dildos were made of stone , tar , wood and other materials that could be shaped as penises and that were firm enough to be used as penetrative sex toys . Chinese women in the 15th century used dildos made of lacquered wood with textured surfaces .
Lester Bowles `` Mike '' Pearson , PC , OM , CC , OBE -LRB- 23 April 1897 â `` 27 December 1972 -RRB- was a Canadian professor , historian , civil servant , statesman , diplomat , and politician , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1957 for organizing the United Nations Emergency Force to resolve the Suez Canal Crisis .
During Pearson 's time as Prime Minister , his minority government introduced universal health care , student loans , the Canada Pension Plan , the Order of Canada , and the current Canadian flag .
Death is the termination of life in a living system , or the state of that organism after that event .
He has played for Japan national team .
Koji Funamoto -LRB- born August 12 , 1942 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
Vaugines is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The modern camera evolved from the camera obscura .
In Eastern Christian traditions -LRB- Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy -RRB- , as well as some Western traditions , it is seen as a state of opposition to the love of God , a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the Mediator and Redeemer .
Bunyan 's work is loosely based on his own journey between Bedford and Luton , and the steep slope leading into Ampthill was the model for the ` Hill of Difficulty ' .
In 1675 , the house provided the inspiration for ` House Beautiful ' in John Bunyan 's The Pilgrim 's Progress .
Houghton House was built in 1621 by Mary , Countess of Pembroke and sister of the poet Sir Philip Sidney .
The castle was built in the 15C by Sir John Cornwall , later Lord Fanhope , from ransoms after the Battle of Agincourt .
Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the removal of the roof in 1794 .
In 1242 , King Henry III confirmed the right to hold a market on Thursdays .
The name ` Ampthill ' is of Anglo-Saxon origin . The first settlement was called ` Aemethyll ' , which literally means either ` ant-heap ' or ` ant infested hill ' .
Although the Castle is now gone , some intriguing indications of castle life remain - such as the local ponds -LRB- Westminster pond being one -RRB- allegedly built to supply the castle with regular supplies of fish .
Henry VIII was a frequent visitor to Ampthill Castle , and it was there that Katherine of Aragon lived from 1531 until divorced in 1533 , when she was moved to Kimbolton .
In the Domesday Book , Ampthill is referred to as ` Ammetelle ' , with the landholder in 1086 being Nigel de la Vast .
With the SPD 's 41 % and the Greens ' 7 % , a coalition government could be formed .
By 2005 he was the second longest-serving foreign minister in German postwar history -LRB- after Hans-Dietrich Genscher -RRB- .
Fischer 's appearance before the committee took twelve hours .
He has also spoken at other American universities on various topics in foreign affairs and international relations .
He is known as a good friend of Kofi Annan .
According to Fischer 's own account , witnessing these events , particularly the kidnapping and murder of Hanns-Martin Schleyer and the Entebbe hijacking , made him renounce violence as a means of political change .
A parliamentary committee was established to examine the case , and unlike in other such committee hearings , Fischer 's statement -LRB- and that of other top officials -RRB- was shown live on public TV .
-LRB- See German Visa Affair 2005 -RRB- .
He justified this war with allegations that Serbia was planning to commit genocide against the Kosovo Albanians .
His nickname Joschka is derived from the Hungarian JÃ ska , diminutive of Joseph -LRB- Hungarian JÃ zsef -RRB- .
These trainers are now on display in a museum in Bonn .
This was an extremely controversial stance within the largely pacifist Greens , because it meant that , for the first time since World War II , German soldiers would actively participate in combat .
In May 1981 the Hessian Secretary of Commerce Heinz-Herbert Karry was murdered with a firearm that in 1973 had been transported , among other weapons stolen from an American army base , in Fischer 's car .
He covered the topic of his weight loss by writing the book My Long Race Towards Myself on his experience , which became an immediate bestseller .
Fischer was again Environment Minister in Hesse from 1991 to 1994 , and , later on , became co-chairman of the Greens parliamentary party in the Bundestag .
Until 1996 , Fischer had been an outspoken connoisseur of good wines and food -LRB- regularly betting cases of expensive wine with opposition politicians on the outcome of elections -RRB- and had been overweight .
After the defeat of the coalition government in the 2005 election , Fischer announced that he would retire to the backbench .
After several weeks of negotiations between Social Democrats and Greens , the new government took power on 27 October 1998 .
In 1999 Fischer supported German participation in the Kosovo War .
Fischer has been a leading figure in the West German Greens since the 1970s , and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in Germany for most of the government 's duration .
The following sources reflect the views of U.S. adversaries of Fischer and his policies , especially Germany 's decision not to participate in the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq .
Within a relatively short time he managed to lose an enormous amount of weight .
Joschka Fischer writes a monthly commentary series , `` The Rebel Realist '' , for Project Syndicate , a non-profit association of newspapers around the world .
In September 1998 the Social Democratic Party of Germany , led by Gerhard SchrÃ der , decisively defeated the Christian Democratic Union government of Helmut Kohl .
Following the September 2005 election , in which the SchrÃ der government was defeated , he left office on November 22 , 2005 .
`` After 20 years of power , now I want my freedom back '' , he was quoted as saying .
He had also been doing fitness training and even running marathons .
Fischer was born in Gerabronn in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , the third child of a butcher , whose family had lived in Hungary for several generations , but had to leave the country in 1946 after Hungary was occupied by the Soviet Union , and ethnic Germans were persecuted by the Hungarian authorities and expelled from the country .
On 13 October 2005 , it was announced that Frank-Walter Steinmeier of the SPD would succeed Fischer as Foreign Minister .
From September 2006 until 2007 , Joschka Fischer was a senior fellow at the Liechtenstein Institute on Self-Determination and a visiting professor at Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs , both at Princeton University .
From 1983 to 1985 , Fischer was a member of the Bundestag for the Green party .
Fischer was also in favor of stationing German troops in Afghanistan , but he advised SchrÃ der not to join the war in Iraq .
Fischer dropped out of high school in 1965 , and started an apprenticeship as a photographer which he quit in 1966 .
Joseph Martin `` Joschka '' Fischer -LRB- born April 12 , 1948 -RRB- is a German politician of the Alliance ' 90\/The Greens . He served as Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor of Germany in the cabinet of Gerhard SchrÃ der from 1998 to 2005 .
Fischer caused a stir when he appeared at his oath of office ceremony wearing trainers .
In 2005 Fischer was accused by critics of carelessly relaxing controls on visa regulations for Ukraine , thus allowing many illegal immigrants to enter Germany with fake identities .
In the Deutscher Herbst -LRB- German autumn -RRB- of 1977 , Germany was confronted with a series of left-wing terrorist attacks by the Red Army Faction -LRB- RAF -RRB- and Revolutionary Cells -LRB- RZ -RRB- .
Fischer became Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Stockhausen died of sudden heart failure on the morning of 5 December 2007 in KÃ 1\/4 rten , North Rhine-Westphalia .
Ulrich Biesinger -LRB- born 6 August 1933 -RRB- is a former German footballer .
Jun Ando is a Japanese footballer who plays for Kyoto Sanga F.C. .
Both practical and theoretical research continues , and many national government and military funding agencies support quantum computing research to develop quantum computers for both civilian and national security purposes , such as cryptanalysis .
A theoretical model is the quantum Turing machine , also known as the universal quantum computer .
Although quantum computing is still in its infancy , experiments have been carried out in which quantum computational operations were executed on a very small number of qubits -LRB- quantum bits -RRB- .
The basic principle behind quantum computation is that quantum properties can be used to represent data and perform operations on these data .
Although quantum computers may be faster than classical computers , those described above ca n't solve any problems that classical computers ca n't solve , given enough time and memory -LRB- however , those amounts might be practically infeasible -RRB- .
A quantum computer is a device for computation that makes direct use of quantum mechanical phenomena , such as superposition and entanglement , to perform operations on data .
For more details on the sequences of operations used for various quantum algorithms , see universal quantum computer , Shor 's algorithm , Grover 's algorithm , Deutsch-Jozsa algorithm , amplitude amplification , quantum Fourier transform , quantum gate , quantum adiabatic algorithm and quantum error correction .
The Borkum and Helgoland camps were `` volunteer '' -LRB- Hilfswillige -RRB- labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the Sylt and Norderney camps .
In 1942 , Lager Norderney , containing Russian and Polish POWs , and Lager Sylt , holding Jews , were placed under the control of the SS HauptsturmfÃ 1\/4 hrer Max List .
-LRB- For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : EndlÃ sung â `` The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see -RRB- .
Lager Helgoland was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers .
Sylt camp held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I -- which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and since mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany .
The Germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp -LRB- located in Hamburg , Germany -RRB- .
Lager Norderney was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney , in the Channel Islands , named after the East Frisian island of Norderney .
700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps -LRB- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -RRB- .
Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands : Lager Norderney located at Saye , Lager Borkum at Platte Saline , Lager Sylt near the old telegraph tower at La FoulÃ re and Lager Helgoland , situated in the northwest corner of the island .
It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt , a forced labor program , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air-raid shelters , and concrete fortifications .
Norderney camp housed European -LRB- usually Eastern but including Spaniard -RRB- and Russian enforced labourers .
Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .
Lager Borkum was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe .
The prisoners in Lager Norderney and Lager Sylt were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
Harcourt is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
Twin Dragons aka . Brother vs. Brother , Double Dragon , Duel of Dragons , When Dragons Collide -LRB- Chinese title : é é 3\/4 æ -RRB- is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts action film starring Jackie Chan , and directed by Ringo Lam and Tsui Hark .
It consists of the three bright stars : Î Ori -LRB- Alnitak -RRB- , Î Ori -LRB- Alnilam -RRB- , and Î Ori -LRB- Mintaka -RRB- .
Orion 's Belt or The Belt of Orion is an asterism in the constellation Orion .
Nathalia Goyannes Dill Orrico , better known as Nathalia Dill -LRB- born March 24 , 1986 -RRB- , is a Brazilian television and cinema actress .
Like most sauropods , it had a long neck and a small skull .
Its fossils have been found in Egypt , Niger and in several different locations in the Sahara Desert .
Aegyptosaurus was described by German paleontologist Ernst Stromer in 1932 .
Aegyptosaurus was a close relative of Argentinosaurus , a much larger dinosaur found in South America .
Aegyptosaurus meaning ` Egyptâ s lizard ' , for the country in which it was discovered -LRB- Greek sauros meaning ` lizard ' -RRB- is a genus of sauropod dinosaur believed to have lived in what is now Africa , around 95 million years ago , during the mid - and late-Cretaceous Period -LRB- Albian to Cenomanian stages -RRB- .
All known examples were discovered before 1939 .
The animal 's long tail probably acted as a counterweight to its body mass. .
The fossils were stored together in Munich , but were obliterated when an Allied bombing raid destroyed the museum where they were kept in 1944 , during World War II .
Romeo Crennel -LRB- born June 18 , 1947 in Lynchburg , Virginia -RRB- is the former head coach of the Cleveland Browns and current defensive coordinator for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League .
The jungle cat -LRB- Felis chaus -RRB- is a medium-sized cat and considered the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus Felis . The species is also called the swamp lynx but is not closely related to the lynxes .
Asphalt Ë Ã sfÉ '' Ë lt is a sticky , black and highly viscous liquid or semi-solid that is present in most crude petroleums and in some natural deposits .
Since its creation as an Aboriginal reserve , Palm Island has been considered synonymous with Indigenous disadvantage and violence .
Of significant sociological concern is a lack of jobs and housing .
For much of the twentieth century it was used by the Queensland Government as a settlement for Aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .
Palm Island is an Aboriginal community located on Great Palm Island , also called by the Aboriginal name `` Bwgcolman '' , an island on the Great Barrier Reef in North Queensland , Australia The settlement is also known by a variety of other names including `` the Mission '' , Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community .
Hillsboro is a city in Henry County , Iowa , United States .
Ã pothÃ mont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Yoshinobu Harada is a Japanese footballer who .
The basic arithmetic operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication and division , although this subject also includes more advanced operations , such as manipulations of percentages , square roots , exponentiation , and logarithmic functions . Arithmetic is performed according to an order of operations .
It is in this context that one runs across the fundamental theorem of arithmetic and arithmetic functions .
In the Modern Period , from the 19th century onward , the literary Hebrew tradition as pronounced in Jerusalem revived as the spoken language of modern Israel , called variously Israeli Hebrew , Modern Israeli Hebrew , Modern Hebrew , New Hebrew , Israeli Standard Hebrew , Standard Hebrew , and so on .
Robert Mulligan -LRB- August 23 , 1925 -- December 20 , 2008 -RRB- was an American film and television director .
KaczyÅ ski served as Mayor of Warsaw from 2002 until 22 December 2005 , the day before his presidential inauguration .
Lech Aleksander KaczyÅ ski -LRB- ; 18 June 1949 - 10 April 2010 -RRB- was the President of Poland from 2005 until his sudden death in 2010 , and a politician of the party Prawo i SprawiedliwoÅ Ä -LRB- Law and Justice , PiS -RRB- .
His brother is JarosÅ aw KaczyÅ ski , the former Prime Minister of Poland .
Irvine is a city in and county seat of Estill County , Kentucky , United States .
The document affirms Russia 's stand on Taiwan as `` an inalienable part of China '' -LRB- A5 -RRB- , and highlights the commitment to ensure the `` national unity and territorial integrity '' in the two countries -LRB- A4 -RRB- .
Controversially , Article 9 of the treaty can be seen as an implicit defense pact , and other articles -LRB- A7 and A16 -RRB- point at increasing military cooperation , including the sharing of `` military know-how '' -LRB- A16 -RRB- , namely , Chinese access to Russian military technology .
Both the PRC and Russia fear an encroachment by the United States -LRB- especially following its strengthened geopolitical position following the September 11 , 2001 attacks -RRB- involving areas which they view as belonging to their respective spheres of national influences and interests : for the PRC , this largely involves Taiwan serving as a US client state , while for Russia it involves having various former Soviet Republics as US client states .
The Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation Between the People 's Republic of China and the Russian Federation -LRB- FCT -RRB- is a twenty-year strategic treaty which was signed by the leaders of the two international powers , Jiang Zemin and Vladimir Putin , on July 16 , 2001 .
Trees grow shorter towards the inhospitable climate until they simply stop growing .
Trees can often grow in river valleys at latitudes where they could not grow on a more exposed site .
Here are some typical polar treelines :
Maritime influences such as ocean currents also play a major role in determining how far from the equator trees can grow .
At the tree line , tree growth is often very stunted , with the last trees forming low , densely matted bushes .
The tree line , like many other natural lines -LRB- lake boundaries , for example -RRB- , appears well-defined from a distance , but upon sufficiently close inspection , it is a gradual transition in most places .
If it is caused by wind , it is known as krummholz formation , from the German for ` twisted wood ' .
In Israel , Blanford 's foxes escape competition with red foxes by restricting themselves to rocky cliffs and actively avoiding the open plains inhabited by red foxes . Red foxes dominate kit and swift foxes .
Grey foxes are exceptional , as they dominate red foxes wherever their ranges meet .
Red foxes are serious competitors of corsac foxes , as they hunt the same prey all year .
Main article : List of Melbourne railway stations .
Centered on commonly available modern foods , the `` contemporary '' Paleolithic diet consists mainly of meat , fish , vegetables , fruit , roots , and nuts , and excludes grains , legumes , dairy products , salt , refined sugar , and processed oils .
A common theme in evolutionary medicine , Paleolithic nutrition is based on the premise that modern humans are genetically adapted to the diet of their Paleolithic ancestors and that human genetics have scarcely changed since the dawn of agriculture , and therefore that an ideal diet for human health and well-being is one that resembles this ancestral diet . Proponents of this diet argue that modern human populations subsisting on traditional diets allegedly similar to those of Paleolithic hunter-gatherers are largely free of diseases of affluence , and that two small prospective studies of the Paleolithic diet in humans have shown some positive health outcomes .
Gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin was one of the first to suggest that following a diet similar to that of the Paleolithic era would improve a person 's health .
Food groups that advocates claim were rarely or never consumed by humans before the Neolithic -LRB- agricultural -RRB- revolution are excluded from the diet , mainly grains , legumes -LRB- e.g. beans and peanuts -RRB- , dairy products , salt , refined sugar and processed oils , Unlike raw food diets , all foods may be cooked , without restrictions .
However , there are also raw , paleolithic dieters who believe that humans have not adapted to cooked foods , and so they eat only foods which are both raw and paleolithic .
In 2010 , this book was wholly revised , updated and published for the first time in English .
In 1975 , he published a book in which he argued that humans are carnivorous animals and that the ancestral Paleolithic diet was that of a carnivoreâ '' chiefly fats and protein , with only small amounts of carbohydrates .
As such , this nutritional approach included skimmed milk , whole-grain bread , brown rice , and potatoes prepared without fat , on the premise that such foods supported a diet with the same macronutrient composition as the Paleolithic diet .
Paleolithic nutrition has its roots in evolutionary biology and is a common theme in evolutionary medicine .
In 2003 , Lindeberg published a Swedish language medical textbook on the subject .
However , Loren Cordain has stated that the new evidence shows only sporadic consumption of grains , and he has also pointed out that that consumption of wild grass seeds of any kind requires extensive technology and processing to yield a digestible and edible food that likely did not exist 105,000 + years ago .
more than 100,000 years ago , and perhaps as early as 200,000 years ago .
Starting with the first publication in 1993 , the Kitava Study has subsequently generated a number of scientific publications on the relationship between diet and western disease .
According to S. Boyd Eaton , `` we are the heirs of inherited characteristics accrued over millions of years ; the vast majority of our biochemistry and physiology are tuned to life conditions that existed before the advent of agriculture some 10,000 years ago .
The modern dietary regimen known as the Paleolithic diet -LRB- abbreviated paleo diet or paleodiet -RRB- , also popularly referred to as the caveman diet , Stone Age diet and hunter-gatherer diet , is a nutritional plan based on the presumed ancient diet of wild plants and animals that various human species habitually consumed during the Paleolithic eraâ '' a period of about 2.5 million years duration that ended around 10,000 years ago with the development of agriculture .
In common usage , such terms as the `` Paleolithic diet '' also refer to the actual ancestral human diet .
In 1985 , S. Boyd Eaton and Melvin Konner , both of Emory University , published a key paper on Paleolithic nutrition in the New England Journal of Medicine , which allowed the dietary concept to gain mainstream medical recognition .
Three years later , S. Boyd Eaton , Marjorie Shostak and Melvin Konner published a book about this nutritional approach , which was based on achieving the same proportions of nutrients -LRB- fat , protein , and carbohydrates , as well as vitamins and minerals -RRB- as were present in the diets of late Paleolithic people , not on excluding foods that were not available before the development of agriculture .
In 1989 , these authors published a second book on Paleolithic nutrition .
These surveys , collectively referred to as the Kitava Study , found that this population apparently did not suffer from stroke , ischemic heart disease , diabetes , obesity or hypertension .
Genetically our bodies are virtually the same as they were at the end of the Paleolithic era some 20,000 years ago . ''
First popularized in the mid 1970s by gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin , this nutritional concept has been promoted and adapted by a number of authors and researchers in several books and academic journals .
But in the 10,000 years since the invention of agriculture and its consequent major change in the human diet , natural selection has had too little time to make the optimal genetic adaptations to the new diet .
The Paleolithic diet consists of foods that can be hunted and fished , such as meat , offal and seafood , and can be gathered , such as eggs , insects , fruit , nuts , seeds , vegetables , mushrooms , herbs and spices .
According to certain proponents of the Paleolithic diet , practitioners should derive about 56 â `` 65 % of their food energy from animal foods and 36 â `` 45 % from plant foods .
Starting in 1989 , Swedish medical doctor and scientist Staffan Lindeberg , now associate professor at Lund University , Sweden , led scientific surveys of the non-westernized population on Kitava , one of the Trobriand Islands of Papua New Guinea .
Mercury -LRB- II -RRB- chloride or mercuric chloride -LRB- formerly corrosive sublimate -RRB- , is the chemical compound with the formula HgCl2 .
Balmaha -LRB- Gaelic : Baile MoThatha -RRB- is a hamlet on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in the council area of Stirling , Scotland .
She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Cold Mountain -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
RenÃ e Kathleen Zellweger -LRB- born April 25 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress and producer .
Fyodor Ivanovich Tyutchev -LRB- Russian : Ð Ñ ` Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ì Ð 1\/2 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ñ Ð cents Ñ Ì Ñ Ñ Ð Ð ; - -RRB- is generally considered the last of three great Romantic poets of Russia , following Alexander Pushkin and Mikhail Lermontov .
Katharine Lee Bates was moved to write the words to the famous song `` America the Beautiful '' in July , 1893 , after having traveled to the top of Pikes Peak on a carriage ride .
Hiromitsu Isogai -LRB- ç ' è æ å , born April 19 , 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Vernate is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lee David Bowyer -LRB- born 3 January 1977 -RRB- is an English professional footballer born in Canning Town , London , who plays as a midfielder for Birmingham City .
In 1991 , BjÃ rn Stabell and Ken Schouten , then computer science undergraduates at the University of TromsÃ , began writing XPilot , inspired by the earlier game Thrust .
This branch was successful enough that Queen Elizabeth II in 1996 officially created the Priory of the United States of America , the seventh priory at the time , with John R. Drexel as the first Prior .
While anyone who subscribed to the scheme and all commissioned officers of the mercenary army were granted the right to become knights of the order , this attracted few donations ; the Greek War of Independence had been won without the help of the knights of the Council of the French Langues .
He , along with the four or five other Great Officers the Lord Prior of St. John , who acts as the lieutenant and deputy to the Grand Prior ; the Prelate , a member of episcopal rank in the Church of England ; the Deputy Lord Prior or Priors , depending on the Grand Prior 's needs , who act as lieutenants and deputies to the Lord Prior ; and the Sub-Prelate , who has interests in the Commanderies and associations of the organization as well as the Priors and Chancellors of each of the order 's eight priories , and the Hospitaller , make up the Grand Council .
Further , those in these groups are also given a button for wear on the lapel of non-formal civilian clothing , for events such as business meetings of the order .
When full mantles and sopra vests are worn a black velvet Tudor style hat is included .
The Sovereign makes all appointments to the order as she , in her absolute discretion , shall think fit , though the constitution does impose certain limitations : the maximum number of members is set at 35,000 , and appointees to the level of Esquire may not be under the age of 16 , nor appointees to all other grades under the age of 18 .
The Order of St. John today forms part of the Canadian national honors system , and the Priory , established in 1946 out of the Commandery of Canada , is the largest outside of the United Kingdom , with some 6,000 members .
In 1999 , the order was granted special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council .
It in 1961 played a role in the establishment of the Alliance of the Orders of St. John of Jerusalem , and thereafter finally received through a concordat in 1963 collateral recognition by the Order of Malta .
However , up to the late 1830s , the British arm of the organization had only considered itself to be a Grand Priory and Langue of the Order of St. John , having never officially been recognized as such by the actual order .
ConfrÃ res in Grade I have a plain , white , 300mm diameter Maltese cross on their sopra vests , while members of Grades II and III , plus Chaplains , have a plain garment , though the wearer 's Order of St. John medallion hangs outside the vest , 152mm below the collar .
These individuals thus automatically become Knights or Dames of Justice or Grace upon their swearing-into viceregal office .
`` I do solemnly declare that I will be faithful and obedient to The Order of St. John and its Sovereign Head as far as it is consistent with my duty to my -LRB- Sovereign\/President -RRB- and to my country ; that I will do everything in my power to uphold its dignity and support its charitable works ; and that I will endeavor always to uphold the aims of this Christian Order and to conduct myself as a person of honor . ''
This new order grew in population over the ensuing decades , during which the Duke of Manchester was in 1861 recruited as Grand Prior and a national hospitaller organization was formed when the Order of St. John acquired a corps of ambulances .
In general , the insignia of the Order of St. John may be worn at all occasions where other decorations are worn , not only those connected with the ceremonies of the order .
Regardless , Peat died in April 1837 and Sir Henry Dymoke was appointed Grand Prior and he re-established contact with the knights in France and Germany , where the group had also by that time expanded to .
This was the Old Jerusalem Tavern , a public house occupying what had once been the gatehouse to the Clerkenwell Priory , the mediÃ val Grand Priory of the Knights Hospitaller , otherwise known as the Knights of Saint John .
In June 1826 , the Council of the French Langues a self-proclaimed revival of the Order of Malta in France sought to raise through private venture , funded by subscription , sufficient money to restore a homeland for the resurrected society .
This has now been discontinued , although priories may appoint Priory Esquires -LRB- who are not members of the order -RRB- for ceremonial purposes .
The reigning monarch of each of the Commonwealth realms is at the apex of the Order of St. John as its Sovereign Head , followed by the Duke of Gloucester , as Grand Prior since 1974 .
That for the Sovereign Head is gold with arms of white enamel and the embellishments rendered in gold , all surmounted by a jeweled St. Edward 's Crown , while those for the officers of the order are the same save for the Grand Prior 's having the crown made only of gold ; the Lord Prior 's having in place of the St. Edward 's Crown the coronet in gold of Albert Edward , Prince of Wales ; and the Prelate 's having instead a representation of a Mitre in gold .
The order 's approximately 25,000 confrÃ res , supported by 4,000 employees and 250,000 volunteers , are mainly of the Protestant faith , though those of other Christian denominations or other religions are accepted into the order , and honorary membership is presented to distinguished adherents of other religions .
Dymoke sought to rectify this by seeking acknowledgement from the Roman Catholic headquarters of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta , but that group 's Lieutenant Grand Master , then Philippe de Colloredo-Mansfeld , refused the request .
Except via appointment to certain government or ecclesiastical offices in some realms , membership in the order is by invitation only , and individuals may not petition for admission .
In response to this rebuff , the British body declared itself to be the sovereign Order of St. John in the United Kingdom , under the title The Sovereign and Illustrious Order of Saint John of Jerusalem , Anglia , thereby founding the modern myth of the order 's direct succession from that Order of St. John that was established in the 11th century .
This was altered in 1926 to the Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem , and then in 1936 as the Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem .
The Secretaries of the order , the priories , and the commanderies also wear the badge superimposed upon two goose quill pens embroidered saltire-wise in white silk .
All members of the Order of St. John are also required to wear specific robes for formal occasions of the society , including a mantle , sopra vest , and hat .
The only other unique mantles are those of the Medical Officer of the St. John Ophthalmic Hospital , which bears a special pattern , and of Chaplains , which is a black silk robe with full sleeves .
On the subject of inclusive membership , the report stated `` Christian hospitality is a criterion which can be applied to the Order 's relationships to persons of other religious faiths , '' and `` the Order needs to be characterized by a hospitable disposition towards other faith traditions while holding fast to its own origins and foundational identity in Christian faith . ''
Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice or Grace , and Chaplains may all also wear a breast star , which appears the same as their badges , only at a diameter of 88.9 m and without embellishments for those in Grade I and 76 m for those in Grade II .
Notwithstanding the order 's devotion to Christian ideals of charity , and its official position that the order has a `` Christian character , '' its Grand Council has since 1999 affirmed that `` profession of the Christian Faith should not be a condition of membership of the Order . ''
In response , Castelain and Currie were allowed by the so-called Chevallier de Sainte-Croix to form the Council of the English Langue , which was inaugurated on 12 January 1831 , under the executive power of a man who called himself `` Count '' Alexander Mortara , and headquartered at the `` Auberge of St. John , St. John 's Gate , St John 's Square , Clerkenwell . ''
Knights and Dames receive the accolade from the Grand Prior when they are touched on the shoulder with a sword and are given their robes and insignia .
The Canadian monarch 's viceroy , the governor general , serves as the Prior and Chief Officer in Canada , while the provincial viceroys the lieutenant governors act as the Vice-Priors , overseeing the administration of the order in their respective province .
The most recent royal charter was issued in 1955 , with a supplemental charter released in 1974 , recognizing the world-wide scope of the organization by setting its present name .
Similarly , the star for Commanders and Officers is of white linen with white silk ornamentation , though they are only 228.6 m and 152.4 m in diameter , respectively .
Unlike with other multi-level orders , all the Order of St. John 's grades rank between the society 's predecessor and successor ; some examples follow :
However , post-nominal letters of the order are not used outside the organization itself , and a Knight and Dame may not use the prefix sir or dame , though they may request from their local heraldic authority a personal coats of arms , should they not already possess any , and have it adorned with emblems of the Order of St. John .
Common for all members except Esquires is the badge , consisting of an eight-pointed Maltese cross embellished in the four principal angles alternately with two lions passant guardant and two unicorns passant .
Philippe de Castelain , a French knight , was thus appointed by the council to negotiate with suitable persons in England , where Scotsman Donald Currie was given the authority to raise Â # 240,000 .
Further , membership in the order only grants precedence within the society , which is as follows :
Commanderies , governed by a Knight or Dame Commander and a Commandery Chapter , may exist within or wholly or partly without the territory of a Priory , known as Dependent or Independent Commanderies , respectively .
The sopra -LRB- or supra -RRB- vest is a long drape of thin , black cloth that buttons close down the neck and to one side , falling to the ankles and cut so as to entirely cover the body .
Thereafter , the badges are prescribed as follows :
On recommendation of that body , the Grand Prior appoints all the Grand Officers , besides himself , and may also appoint members of either Grade I or Grade II as other officers , known as the Principal Officers , such as the Secretary-General , and honorary officers , such as the Genealogist , who all hold office for a period not exceeding three years .
In 1877 , the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations , so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents ; in 1882 , the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem -LRB- Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group -RRB- ; and by 1887 , had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade , which undertook practical and life-saving work .
Clerical inductees of the order may , when officiating , wear over their cassock and surplice a tippet of black with red lining , edging , and buttons , a 76mm wide star worn on the left breast and the accordant badge suspended at the neck .
All Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross may wear their badges either at the left hip on a 101.6 m -LRB- for men -RRB- or 82.5 m -LRB- for women -RRB- wide , black watered silk ribbon over the right shoulder or from a 16.5 m wide black band at the collar .
An American Society of the Order of St. John was established in 1957 as a foundation to assist the order with charitable work , after 1961 focusing its efforts specifically on the St. John Opthalmic Hospital in Jerusalem and some other organizations aiding the sick .
The mantles of the Sovereign Head and Grand Prior are all of black silk velvet and lined with white silk , the former 's differentiated by an additional train .
Following constitutional changes made in 1999 , the Priory of England and The Islands was established -LRB- including the Commandery of Ards in Northern Ireland -RRB- alongside the existing Priories of Wales , Scotland , Canada , Australia -LRB- including the Commandery of Western Australia -RRB- , New Zealand , South Africa , and , since 1996 , the United States , each of which is governed by a Prior and a Priory Chapter .
The issue of the order 's Christian character and the issue of `` inclusive membership '' was dealt with in the Grand Council 's Pro Fide Report in 2005 , wherein it was said that the order 's life is shaped by Christian faith and values , but that '' -LRB- r -RRB- ather than the emphasis being primarily upon ` spiritual beliefs or doctrine ' it is on works of mercy rendered through St. John '' ; therefore , while the Great Officers are required to profess the Christian faith , the same is `` not an essential condition of membership '' and '' -LRB- t -RRB- he onus is on the man or woman who is invited to the privilege of membership to decide whether he or she can with a good conscience promise to be faithful to the stated aims and purposes of this Christian lay order of chivalry . ''
The Reverend Sir Robert Peat , the absentee Perpetual Curate of St. Lawrence in Brentford , Middlesex , and one of the many former chaplains to Prince George , Prince Regent -LRB- the future King George IV -RRB- , was recruited by the council as a member of the society .
The Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem , is a royal order of chivalry established in 1831 and found today throughout the Commonwealth of Nations , Hong Kong , Ireland and the United States of America , with the world-wide mission `` to prevent and relieve sickness and injury , and to act to enhance the health and well-being of people anywhere in the world . ''
Upon admission into the Order of St. John , confrÃ res are gifted various insignia of the organization , each level and office being represented by different emblems and robes for wear at important occasions for the order .
As citizens of a country that did not have the sovereignty of the Order of St. John vested in its head of state , American inductees who first joined the new Priory were specifically asked to only `` pay due obedience '' to the governing authorities of the order `` in all things consistent with your duty to your own country , '' thus eliminating any question of loyalty to a foreign head of state superseding American postulants ' duties as US citizens .
Male Knights Justice or Grace must carry their badges on a 16.5 mm wide ribbon at the neck , and Commanders , Officers , and Members have theirs on a 38 m straight ribbon suspended from a medal bar on the left breast , while females in all grades may wear their insignia either on a ribbon bow pinned at the left shoulder or hung from a medal bar in the men 's fashion , depending on the circumstance and clothing worn .
By late 2000 , the US priory had approximately 1,100 members .
The Order of St. John is said to have arrived in Canada in 1648 , as the second Governor of New France , Charles de Montmagny , was a member of the original order , but it was not until 1883 that the first branch of the modern organization was established in the country , at Quebec City , growing to 12 branches by 1892 .
Thereafter follows the members of the order , who are divided into six hierarchical grades , all having accordant post-nominal letters .
Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross and , prior to 1926 , Knights of Justice formerly wore black silk robes with a lining of the same material and color ; these members now wear the same mantle as Commanders , Officers , and Esquires , which are made of black merino wool faced with black silk .
Any country without a Priory or Commandery of its own is assumed into the `` home priory '' of England and The Islands , many of these being smaller Commonwealth of Nations states in which the order has only a minor presence .
The Grand Prior may also appoint a Secretary of the order , who holds office at the pleasure of the Grand Prior or until resignation .
It is similar to a cassock , though it is actually derived from the supra vesta a black surcoat worn in the mid 13th century by the Knights of St. John .
It is perhaps best known through its service organizations , St. John Ambulance and St. John Eye Hospital Group , the memberships and work of which are not limited to any denomination or religion .
The Order of St. John 's biggest leap forward , however , came in 1888 , when Queen Victoria granted the society a royal charter , yet again renaming the order , this time as the Grand Priory of the Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem in England .
In 1871 , a new constitution brought about further changes to the group 's name , offering the more modest Order of Saint John of Jerusalem in England , and , five years later , Princess Alexandra , Princess of Wales , was recruited into its membership , followed by her husband , Prince Edward , Prince of Wales .
A subset of the Grand Council is the Honours and Awards Committee , which considers all recommendations for appointment or promotion into the grade of Bailiff or Dame Grand Cross , appointment or promotion into any grade of a person not resident within any priory 's territory , and advises the Grand Council in respect of the award of the Life-Saving Medal and Service Medal .
Recommendations are made by the Grand Council , and those selected have generally acted in such a manner as to strengthen the spirit of mankind as reflected in the order 's first motto , PRO FIDE and to encourage and promote humanitarian and charitable work aiding those in sickness , suffering , and\/or danger as reflected in the order 's other motto , PRO UTILITATE HOMINUM .
Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order 's star in white silk : the Sovereign Head , Grand Prior , and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem ; the Sovereign 's and Grand Prior 's are of white silk with gold adornments , the former 's also surmounted by a St. Edward 's Crown , while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice , and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen , the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk , the latter in white silk .
Grade I is limited to only the members of the Grand Council plus no more than 21 others , though any heads of state and members of the royal family of a Commonwealth realm , other Commonwealth of Nations member-state , or foreign country , may be appointed as a Bailiff or Dame Grand Cross without counting towards the total population ; All Priors , should they not already be in the grade or higher , are made a Knight or Dame of Justice upon their assignment ; this formerly enabled them , along with all Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , to nominate two personal Esquires , just as each Knight or Dame of Grace could nominate one personal Esquire , subject to the Grand Council 's scrutiny .
He and other British members of the group , with the backing of the Council of the French Langues , then , on the grounds that he had been selling knighthoods , expelled Mortara , leading to two competing English chivalric groups between early 1832 and Mortara 's disappearance in 1837 .
As the Order of St. John is open to the citizens of sixteen different countries , each with their own system of orders , decorations , and medals , the order 's place of precedence varies from country to country .
However , this was essentially a cover under which to create a mercenary army of unemployed English soldiers and using readily available cheap war surplus .
It is commonly referred to simply as the Order of St. John , or as the Venerable Order of Saint John -LRB- VOSJ -RRB- when distinction from other similarly named orders is desired .
Peat was thus credited as being the first Grand Prior of the association , though this is not mentioned in any of his obituaries , leading W.B.H. in January 1919 to write in the journal Notes & Queries : `` His name is not in the knights ' list , and he was never ` Prior in the Sovereign Order of Saint John of Jerusalem '' : he became an ordinary member of that Order -LRB- sic -RRB- on Nov 11 , 1830 . ''
Thymol , an antiseptic , is the main active ingredient in Listerine mouthwash .
A tea made by infusing the herb in water can be used for cough and bronchitis .
In traditional Jamaican childbirth practice , thyme tea is given to the mother after delivery of the baby .
The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples , believing that thyme was a source of courage .
It is composed of a woody stem with paired leaf or flower clusters -LRB- `` leaves '' -RRB- spaced Â 1\/2 to 1 '' apart .
Thyme is often used to flavor meats , soups and stews .
Thyme is widely cultivated for its strong flavor , which is due to its content of thymol .
A sprig is a single stem snipped from the plant .
Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta , but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta .
It was thought that the spread of thyme throughout Europe was thanks to the Romans , as they used it to purify their rooms and to `` give an aromatic flavor to cheese and liqueurs '' .
Thyme retains its flavor on drying better than many other herbs .
The dried equivalent is 1:3 , so substitute 1 teaspoon of dried or Â 3\/4 tsp of ground thyme for 6 small sprigs .
Fresh thyme is commonly sold in bunches of sprigs .
As with bay , thyme is slow to release its flavors so it is usually added early in the cooking process .
As usual with dried herbs less of it is required when substituted in a recipe .
A recipe may measure thyme by the bunch -LRB- or fraction thereof -RRB- , or by the sprig , or by the tablespoon or teaspoon .
As a rule of thumb , use one third as much dried as fresh thyme - a little less if it is ground .
It can be propagated by seed , cuttings , or by dividing rooted sections of the plant .
Because it is antiseptic , thyme boiled in water and cooled is very effective against inflammation of the throat when gargled 3 times a day .
It tolerates drought well .
Thyme is sold both fresh and dried .
Thyme is best cultivated in a hot sunny location with well drained soil .
Depending on how it is used in a dish , the whole sprig may be used -LRB- e.g. in a bouquet garni -RRB- , or the leaves removed and the stems discarded .
In some Levantine countries , and Assyrian the condiment za ` atar -LRB- Arabic for thyme -RRB- contains thyme as a vital ingredient .
Thyme -LRB- ; spelling pronunciation -RRB- is a culinary and medicinal herb of the genus Thymus .
If the recipe does not specify fresh or dried , assume that it means fresh .
It has a particular affinity to and is often used as a primary flavor with lamb , tomatoes and eggs .
In this period , women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves as it was believed to bring courage to the bearer .
Usually when a recipe specifies ` bunch ' or ` sprig ' it means the whole form ; when it specifies spoons it means the leaves .
The fresh form is more flavourful but also less convenient ; storage life is rarely more than a week .
While summer-seasonal , fresh thyme is often available year round .
The inflammation will normally disappear in 2 â `` 5 days .
Other infections and wounds can be dripped with thyme that has been boiled in water and cooled .
The essential oil of common thyme -LRB- Thymus vulgaris -RRB- is made up of 20-54 % thymol .
It is a common component of the bouquet garni , and of herbes de Provence .
It has also been shown to be effective against the fungus that commonly infects toenails .
It is perfectly acceptable to substitute dried for whole thyme .
Ancient Egyptians used thyme for embalming .
It is generally planted in the spring and thereafter grows as a perennial .
Thyme was also used as incense and placed on coffins during funerals as it was supposed to assure passage into the next life .
Before the advent of modern antibiotics , it was used to medicate bandages .
Substitution is often more complicated than that because recipes can specify sprigs and sprigs can vary in yield of leaves .
Thyme , while flavourful , does not overpower and blends well with other herbs and spices .
Thyme is a good source of iron and is widely used in cooking .
In the European Middle Ages , the herb was placed beneath pillows to aid sleep and ward off nightmares .
Medicinally thyme is used for respiratory infections in the form of a tincture , tisane , salve , syrup or by steam inhalation .
Assuming a 4 '' sprig -LRB- they are often somewhat longer -RRB- , estimate that 6 sprigs will yield one tablespoon of leaves .
It is a wild blackwater river , about 266 miles long .
The Suwannee River -LRB- also spelled Suwanee River -RRB- is a major river of southern Georgia and northern Florida in the United States .
The letter S is the subject of the conclusion , P is the predicate of the conclusion , and M is the middle term .
Syllogisms of the same type are in the same row , and very similar syllogisms are in the same column .
The major premise links M with P and the minor premise links M with S. However , the middle term can be either the subject or the predicate of each premise where it appears .
With hand tuned timpani , there is no time to retune the timpani to A flat and E flat for the slow second movement in A flat .
The key is said to have a peaceful , serene feel , and was used quite often by Franz Schubert .
Felix Mendelssohn , Johann Nepomuk Hummel , John Field , and Friedrich Kalkbrenner each wrote one piano concerto in A-flat -LRB- Mendelssohn 's being for two pianos -RRB- ; they had the horns and trumpet tuned to E-flat .
Twenty-four of FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin 's piano pieces are in A-flat major , more than any other key .
A-flat major is the flattest major key Domenico Scarlatti used in his keyboard sonatas , though he used it only twice , in K. 127 and K. 130 .
Charles-Marie Widor considered A-flat major to be the second best key for flute music .
Beethoven chose A-flat major as the key of the slow movement for most of his C minor works , a practice which Anton Bruckner imitated in his first two C minor symphonies and also AntonÃ n DvoÅ Ã k in his only C minor symphony .
Since A-flat major was not often chosen as the main key for orchestral works of the 18th Century , passages or movements in the key often retained the timpani settings of the preceding movement .
In Bruckner 's Symphony No. 1 in C minor , however , the timpani are retuned between the first movement in C minor and the following in A-flat major .
Its relative minor is F minor , and its parallel minor is A-flat minor .
However , Arnold Bax 's last symphony , no. 7 , is also in the same key .
For example , Beethoven 's Symphony No. 5 in C minor has the timpani set to C and G for the first movement .
Sir Edward Elgar 's Symphony No. 1 in A-flat major is probably the best-known symphony in that key in the standard orchestral repertoire .
The ViÄ 1\/4 Ä ni museum tells about the history of ViÄ 1\/4 Ä ni from the ancient times to nowadays .
The band supported the album with a tour of the United States as well as its first overseas tour .
Ultramega OK is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Soundgarden , released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .
The resulting album contained elements of heavy metal , psychedelic rock , classic rock , and hardcore punk .
Following the release of the EPs Screaming Life -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , and Fopp -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , both for the Sub Pop record label , Soundgarden signed with the independent record label SST and went to work on its first full-length studio album .
In 1990 , the album earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance .
Skardu District is part of Baltistan and currently constitutes one of the seven districts of the Gilgit-Baltistan territory -LRB- formerly Northern Areas -RRB- of Pakistan .
The rock unit is a black shale , and crops out at a number of localities near the town of Field in the Yoho National Park .
This led scientists to recognize that Walcott had barely scratched the surface of information available in the Burgess Shale , and also made it clear that the organisms did not fit comfortably into modern groups .
Describing the fossils was a vast task , pursued by Walcott until his death in 1927 .
It is famous for the exceptional preservation of the soft parts of its fossils .
The Burgess Shale Formation , located in the Canadian Rockies of British Columbia , is one of the world 's most celebrated fossil fields , and the best of its kind .
Walcott , led by scientific opinion at the time , attempted to categorise all fossils into living taxa , and as a result , the fossils were regarded as little more than curiosities at the time .
At -LRB- Middle Cambrian -RRB- old it is one of the earliest fossil beds containing the imprints of soft-parts .
It was not until 1962 that a first-hand reinvestigation of the fossils was attempted , by Alberto Simonetta .
At this point , aged 74 , he had amassed over 65,000 specimens .
He returned in 1910 with his sons , daughter , and wife , establishing a quarry on the flanks of Fossil Ridge .
The Burgess Shale was discovered by palaeontologist Charles Walcott in 1909 , towards the end of the season 's fieldwork .
The significance of soft-bodied preservation , and the range of organisms he recognized as new to science , led him to return to the quarry almost every year until 1924 .
Pavel HorvÃ th -LRB- born 22 April 1975 in Prague -RRB- is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FC Viktoria PlzeÅ , as a midfielder .
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith was released on DVD on October 31 , 2005 in the United Kingdom , on November 1 , 2005 in the United States and Canada and on November 3 , 2005 in Australia .
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas .
The Asian tiger mosquito or forest day mosquito , Aedes albopictus -LRB- Stegomyia albopicta -RRB- , from the mosquito family Culicidae , is characterized by its black and white striped legs , and small black and white striped body . It is native to the tropical and subtropical areas of Southeast Asia ; however , in the past couple of decades this species has invaded many countries throughout the world through the transport of goods and increasing international travel .
Adam Henryk MaÅ ysz -LRB- born 3 December 1977 -RRB- is a legendary former Polish ski jumper born and still living in the town of WisÅ a in southern Poland .
It has also been called the `` Gospel in a nutshell '' .
John 3:16 -LRB- chapter 3 , verse 16 of the Gospel of John -RRB- is one of the most widely quoted verses from the Christian Bible , and has been called the most famous Bible verse .
Tardinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Black-necked Grebe , Podiceps nigricollis , known in North America as the Eared Grebe , is a member of the grebe family of water birds .
It occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica .
West Chicago is located at .
Sendets is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Pertuis is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
With the introduction of the devolution System the talukas have been sub-divided into the Union Councils numbering 49 , Tapas 109 and Dehs 511 .
The Elephant and Castle is a major road intersection in south London , England , located in the London Borough of Southwark . It is also used as a name for the surrounding area .
Housset is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Charleston Battery is an American professional soccer team based in Charleston , South Carolina , United States .
Erin caused $ 700 million -LRB- 1995 US dollars -RRB- in damage , mostly in Florida .
Mark Stephen Burke -LRB- born 12 February 1969 in Solihull -RRB- is an English former footballer , who played for a number of clubs both in his homeland and in foreign leagues during the 1990s .
The Common Desktop Environment -LRB- CDE -RRB- is a desktop environment for Unix and OpenVMS , based on the Motif widget toolkit .
Vincent Thomas `` Vince '' Lombardi -LRB- June 11 , 1913 â `` September 3 , 1970 -RRB- was an American football coach .
Lalevade-d ` Ard Ã che is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Schleswig-Holstein comprises two parts , the former duchies of Schleswig and Holstein , both of which have passed back and forth between the Danes and Germans rulers several times .
The northernmost part of Jutland is separated by the Limfjord from the mainland , but is still commonly reckoned as part of the peninsula . It only became an island following a flood in 1825 .
The southern third of the Jutland peninsula is made up of the German Bundesland of Schleswig-Holstein .
Today , the Danish parts of Jutland belong to either of the three administrative regions North Jutland , Central Jutland or Region of Southern Denmark .
The area is called the North Jutlandic Island , Vendsyssel-Thy -LRB- after its districts -RRB- or simply Jutland north of the Limfjord ; it is only partly coterminous with the region called North Jutland .
The Danish Wadden Sea Islands and the German North Frisian Islands stretch along the southwest coast of Jutland in the German Bight .
Saint-Gabriel-Br Ã cy is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a conduit to transport sperm cells from the pollen grain , either from the stigma -LRB- in flowering plants or angiosperms -RRB- to the ovules at the base of the pistil , or directly through ovule tissue in some gymnosperms -LRB- conifers and gnetophytes -RRB- .
In maize , this single cell can grow longer than 12 inches to traverse the length of the pistil .
One sperm unites with the egg cell to produce the embryo of a new plant , while a second sperm unites with the central cell -LRB- polar nuclei -RRB- to produce the endosperm of the seed .
In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma , style , ovary and ovules to reach the eggs .
The sperm cells by themselves are not motile and are carried within the tube .
Like ferns , other basal land plants , and many algae , these gymnosperms have flagellate sperm , which swim through a watery fluid to fertilize the egg cells .
As the tip of the tube reaches a synergid , it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a double fertilization .
In other gymnosperms -LRB- Ginkgo and cycads -RRB- the pollen tube is involved only in nutrient uptake from ovule tissue by the pollen grain , and does not convey sperm cells to the egg .
The endosperm is rich in starch , proteins and oils and is a major source of human food -LRB- e.g. , wheat , barley , rye , oats , corn -RRB-
Luigi Riva -LRB- born November 7 , 1944 -RRB- , best known as Gigi Riva or by his nickname Rombo di Tuono -LRB- Roar of Thunder -RRB- , is a former Italian footballer , the all-time leading scorer for the Italian national team .
Newton metre is a unit of torque -LRB- also called `` moment '' -RRB- in the SI system .
One newton metre is equal to the torque resulting from a force of one newton applied perpendicularly to a moment arm which is one metre long .
The symbolic form is N m or NÂ m , and sometimes hyphenated newton-metre .
Don Adams -LRB- April 13 , 1923 -- September 25 , 2005 -RRB- was an American actor , comedian and director . In his five decades on television , he was best known as Maxwell Smart -LRB- Agent 86 -RRB- in the TV situation comedy Get Smart -LRB- 1965 â `` 1970 , 1995 -RRB- , which he also sometimes directed and wrote .
Adams won three consecutive Emmy Awards for his portrayal of Smart -LRB- 1967 â `` 1969 -RRB- .
Kerns is a village in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
And to decrypt we subtract the same keystream numbers from the ciphertext to get the plaintext .
In cryptography , a keystream is a stream of random or pseudorandom characters that are combined with a plaintext message to produce an encrypted message -LRB- the ciphertext -RRB- .
Block ciphers can also be used to produce keystreams .
The `` characters '' in the keystream can be bits , bytes , numbers or actual characters like A-Z depending on the usage case .
For instance , CTR mode is a block mode that makes a block cipher produce a keystream and thus turns the block cipher into a stream cipher .
Keystreams are used in the one-time pad cipher and in most stream ciphers .
-LRB- Such wrapping is called modular arithmetic . -RRB-
Thus 26 becomes 0 and 27 becomes 1 and so on .
To encrypt we add the keystream numbers to the plaintext .
Usually each character in the keystream is either added , subtracted or XORed with a character in the plaintext to produce the ciphertext , using modular arithmetic .
The random numbers in the keystream then have to be at least between 0 and 25 .
In this simple example we use the English alphabet of 26 characters from a-z . Thus we can not encrypt numbers , commas , spaces and other symbols .
Here the plaintext message `` attack at dawn '' is combined by addition with the keystream `` kjcngmlhylyu '' and produces the ciphertext `` kcvniwlabluh '' .
If a ciphertext number becomes larger than 25 we wrap it to a value between 0-25 .
For example , Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð corresponds to Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 , Ð '' Ð Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð â ' Ð '' Ð Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 , Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð â ' Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð , Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð â ' Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ð Ð , Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð â ' Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð , Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð '' Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' â ' Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð '' Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ , Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' â ' Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð , Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' Ð Ð 1\/2 â ' Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ð Ð , etc. .
The Macedonian language had previously been written using the Early Cyrillic alphabet , or later using the Cyrillic alphabet with local adaptations from either the Serbian or Bulgarian alphabets .
Dendermonde -LRB- French : Termonde -RRB- is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders .
Mont-Bertrand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Halls of Fame , locations where persons or groups are recognized for excellence or success in their career .
The Harbourfront Landmark is a 70-floor 233 meter -LRB- 763 foot -RRB- tall skyscraper completed in 2001 located in Hong Kong , China .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
Jack Davenport -LRB- born 1 March 1973 -RRB- is an English actor , best known for his roles in the television series This Life , Coupling and the Pirates of the Caribbean series of films .
`` Fallen Leaves '' is the third single released from the Canadian rock group Billy Talent 's second album , Billy Talent II .
Saint-Pons is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Although the city 's estimated living population is around 16,000 people , the 2000 census placed the city total population at 13,808 .
It is part of the Poughkeepsie -- Newburgh -- Middletown , NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York -- Newark -- Bridgeport , NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area .
Beacon was named to commemorate the historic beacon fires that blazed forth from the summit of the Fishkill Mountains to alert the Continental Army about British troop movements .
Beacon is a city located in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
The existence of cobalt -LRB- III -RRB- chloride , CoCl3 , is disputed , although it is listed in some compendia .
Bois-l Ã s-Pargny is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The Angled Darkie Allotinus fabius -LRB- Distant & Pryer , 1887 -RRB- is a small butterfly found in India , Myanmar and South East Asia that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family .
Though the word proselytism originally referred to Early Christianity -LRB- and earlier Gentiles -RRB- , it also refers to other religions ' attempts to convert people to their beliefs or even any attempt to convert people to another point of view , religious or not .
Andelain is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
He stayed in Lund for three years , in between his warlike expeditions . The town of Lund and the university attracted a temporary attention boost .
Slaughters is a city in Webster County , Kentucky , United States .
Most of Wallonia , along with Brussels , is also governed by the French Community of Belgium , for matters mainly related to culture and education . The small German-speaking minority in the east forms the German-speaking Community of Belgium , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .
Wallonia -LRB- , , Dutch : , -RRB- is the predominantly French-speaking southern region of Belgium .
Tadao Kobayashi -LRB- born July 7 , 1930 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and manager .
Aristide CavaillÃ - Coll -LRB- 4 February 1811 -- 13 October 1899 -RRB- was a French organ builder .
He is considered by many to be the greatest organ builder of the 19th century because he combined both science and art to make his instruments .
Å 1\/2 ydrÅ `` nas Ilgauskas -LRB- ; born June 5 , 1975 -RRB- , or `` Big Z '' -LRB- his nickname -RRB- , is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Miami Heat of the NBA .
The Henry VII Lady Chapel , now more often known just as the Henry VII Chapel , is a large Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey , paid for by the will of Henry VII .
A CD-R -LRB- Compact Disc-Recordable -RRB- is a variation of the Compact Disc invented by Philips and Sony .
Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 crime-drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Harvey Keitel as the eponymous `` bad lieutenant '' .
The terms `` healthy ageing '' `` optimal ageing '' have been proposed as alternatives to successful ageing .
Ageing in humans refers to a multidimensional process of physical , psychological , and social change .
Ageing -LRB- British English -RRB- or aging -LRB- American English -RRB- is the accumulation of changes in an organism or object over time .
To prevent this , silkworm cocoons are boiled . The heat kills the silkworms and the water makes the cocoons easier to unravel .
There are many more legends about the silkworm .
As she picked it out and started to wrap the silk thread around her finger , she slowly felt a warm sensation .
The cocoon is made of a thread of raw silk from 300 to about 900 meters -LRB- 1,000 to 3,000 feet -RRB- long .
Like many insect species , silkworm pupae are eaten in some cultures -LRB- see Entomophagy -RRB- . In Korea they are boiled and seasoned to make a popular snack food known as beondegi .
If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon and through the pupa phase of its life cycle , it will release proteolytic enzymes to make a hole in the cocoon so that it can emerge as a moth .
The silkworm is the larva or caterpillar of the domesticated silkmoth , Bombyx mori -LRB- Latin : `` silkworm of the mulberry tree '' -RRB- . It is an important economic insect since it is the producer of silk .
Often , the silkworm itself is eaten -LRB- see Cuisine -RRB- .
She taught this to the people and it became widespread .
She was drinking tea under a tree when a silk cocoon fell into her tea .
About 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are required to make a pound of silk .
In an instant , she realized that this caterpillar larva was the source of the silk .
When the silk ran out , she saw a small larva .
Cavaillon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Ryo Sakai -LRB- born August 9 , 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Machida Zelvia .
It is also commonly called a worship service .
Futoshi Ikeda -LRB- born 4 October 1970 -RRB- is a retired Japanese football player .
Henry Daglish -LRB- 18 November 1866 â `` 16 August 1920 -RRB- was the sixth Premier of Western Australia and the state 's first Labor Premier .
was a commercial success , topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , giving Rihanna her third number one single of 2010 -LRB- out of four -RRB- , as well as her eighth of nine Hot 100 chart topper .
is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , taken from her fifth studio album Loud -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Featuring guest vocals from Canadian rapper Drake , the song was released as the second single from Loud on October 29 , 2010 through Def Jam Recordings -LRB- Universal Music -RRB- .
`` What 's My Name ? ''
Northern Ireland is often referred to as ` Ulster ' , despite including only six of Ulster 's nine counties .
Ulster is one of the four provinces of Ireland , located in the north of the island .
Sales of the CD32 in Europe were not enough to save Commodore , and the bankruptcy of Commodore International in April 1994 caused the CD32 to be discontinued only months after its debut . During its short life the Amiga CD32 shifted approximately 100,000 units .
The EstÃ dio da Luz , officially named the EstÃ dio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica , which translated means , `` Stadium of Light , '' is a football stadium in Lisbon , Portugal , the home of Benfica .
In many parts of their range they now feed on cattle , but avoid camels .
Oxpeckers feed exclusively on the backs of large mammals .
Oxpeckers also feed on the earwax and dandruffs of mammals , although less is known about the benefits of this to the mammal , it is suspected that this is also a parasitic behavior .
They feed on ectoparasites , particularly ticks , as well as insects infecting wounds and the flesh and blood of some wounds as well .
Smaller antelope such as lechwe , duikers and reedbuck are also avoided , the smallest regularly used species is the Impala , probably because of the heavy tick load and social nature of that species .
Elephants and some antelope will actively dislodge the oxpeckers when they land .
Oxpecker\/mammal interactions are the subject of some debate and ongoing research .
Certain species are seemingly preferred , whereas others , like the Lichtenstein 's hartebeest or Topi are generally avoided .
Both the English and scientific names arise from their habit of perching on large mammals -LRB- both wild and domesticated -RRB- such as cattle or rhinoceroses , and eating ticks , botfly larvae , and other parasites .
Oxpeckers are endemic to the savanna of Sub-Saharan Africa .
Oxpeckers do eat ticks , but often the ticks that have already fed on the ungulate host and there has been no proven statistically significant link between oxpecker presence and reduced ectoparasite load .
According to the more recent studies of Muscicapoidea phylogeny , the oxpeckers are an ancient line related to Mimidae -LRB- mockingbirds and thrashers -RRB- and starlings but not particularly close to either .
This would make the two species of Buphagus something like living fossils , and elegantly demonstrates that such remnants of past evolution can possess striking and unique autapomorphic adaptations .
However one study of impalas found that impalas which were used by oxpeckers spent less time grooming themselves suggesting a reduction in parasite load .
Oxpeckers have been observed to open new wounds and enhance existing ones in order to drink the blood of their perches .
Considering the known biogeography of these groups , the most plausible explanation seems that the oxpecker lineage originated in Eastern or Southeastern Asia like the other two .
Some oxpecker hosts are intolerant of their presence .
They were originally thought to be an example of mutualism , but recent evidence suggests that oxpeckers may be parasites instead .
Other species tolerate oxpeckers while they search for ticks on the face , what one author described as `` appears ... to be an uncomfortable and invasive process .
Cody Runnels -LRB- born June 30 , 1985 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring name Cody Rhodes . Runnels is signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- where he wrestles on its SmackDown brand .
The Secret World of Alex Mack is an American television series that ran on Nickelodeon from October 8 , 1994 to January 15 , 1998 , replacing Clarissa Explains It All on the SNICK line-up .
The show is currently not on the air in the United States .
Repeats of the series aired in 2003 on The N , but it was soon replaced there .
From 1922 until 1972 it was the residence of Governor of Northern Ireland .
It is the residence of the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , and the official residence in Northern Ireland of HM Queen Elizabeth II and other members of the British Royal Family when they visit the region , as well as a guest house for prominent international visitors .
Hillsborough Castle is an official government residence in Northern Ireland .
Eager Haskell is designed around the idea of speculative execution . Recent versions of GHC support a kind of speculative execution with an abortion mechanism to back out in case of a bad choice called optimistic execution .
Berneville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After the sacking of Chelsea 's former manager , the Brazilian Luiz Felipe Scolari during the 2008 â `` 09 Premier League season , Chelsea confirmed on 11 February 2009 that Hiddink would become Scolari 's replacement until the end of the Premier League season , whilst continuing his duties with Russia .
The World Cup stadium in Gwangju , where South Korea qualified for the semi-finals , was renamed Guus Hiddink Stadium in his honor shortly after the tournament .
Success continued in the form of a 3 â `` 1 away victory against Liverpoolâ '' commentators stated that Hiddink had rejuvenated Chelsea following Scolari 's departure .
William Bradford -LRB- September 14 , 1755 â `` August 23 , 1795 -RRB- was a lawyer and judge from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and the second United States Attorney General in 1794-1795 .
Ryosuke Matsuoka is a Japanese football player currently playing for Vissel Kobe .
Quernes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Kevin Moore -LRB- born 30 November 1965 in Lakemba , New South Wales -RRB- is an Australian rugby league football coach and former player .
As a player he played as a scrum-half .
He is the head coach for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs of the NRL from the 2009 season and was named in place of Steve Folkes after his retirement .
A piÃ ata is a brightly-colored decoration made from either a clay container or cardboard shape covered with papier-m Ã cents chÃ .
Then , at the count of three , the children pull their strings all at the same time .
They are usually made of cardboard , colorfully decorated to match the birthday party theme -LRB- superhero , princess , or any other creative design -RRB- and filled with candy , chocolates , small toys and confetti .
The piÃ ata is then hung in a central location for everyone to see , but the strings are kept out of the reach of children .
In Puerto Rico , Ecuador , Peru , Venezuela , Colombia and to a lesser degree other Latin American countries , piÃ atas are traditionally present only at children birthday parties .
Toward the end of the party , usually after the cutting of the cake , an announcement is made that the piÃ ata will be ` broken ' and each child is given an empty party bag .
This opens the hidden trap-door -LRB- or ` breaks ' the piÃ ata -RRB- and the children receive a shower of candy and confetti while they rush to fill up their bags with the treats .
Colored strings -LRB- long enough to reach the ground -RRB- are attached to the bottom of the piÃ ata , where a trap-door is hidden under the decoration .
All the children gather directly underneath the piÃ ata and each child is given a string to hold .
Snoop Dogg has appeared on television and in films throughout his career .
Mauro DamiÃ n Rosales -LRB- born 24 February 1981 in Villa MarÃ a -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer .
The city hosts the Indian Wells Mastersâ '' now known by its current sponsorship name of BNP Paribas Open -- one of the nine tournaments in the Masters 1000 of high-level events operated by the Association of Tennis Professionals .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 3,816 .
Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County , California , in the Coachella Valley -LRB- Palm Springs area -RRB- , in between Palm Desert and La Quinta .
The event is held in the 16,100-seat stadium of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden .
Mont-Saint-Guibert is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Peter Michael Falk -LRB- born September 16 , 1927 -RRB- is a retired American actor , best known for his role as Lieutenant Columbo in the television series Columbo .
It lies between the Volga River and the Kama River -LRB- a tributary of the Volga -RRB- , and extends east to the Ural mountains .
The most important facilities of higher education include Kazan State University , Kazan State Medical University , Kazan State Technological University , World Information Distributed University , Kazan State Technical University , Kazan State Finance and Economics Institute and Russian Islam University , all located in the capital Kazan .
The Indian Army should not be confused with the Army of India .
However , in 1903 the Indian Army absorbed these three armies .
Before 1858 , the precursor units of the Indian Army were units controlled by the Company and were paid for by their profits . These operated alongside units of the British Army , funded by the British government in London .
The British Indian Army was the principal army of the British Raj in India before the partition of India in 1947 . It was not designated as the British Indian Army but as the Indian Army and when used within an article or a book which has a clear historical context is often referred to as the Indian Army .
The Indian Army has its origins in the years after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , when in 1858 the Crown took over direct rule of British India from the East India Company .
The armies of the East India Company were recruited primarily from Muslims in the Bengal Presidency , which consisted of Bengal , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh , and high caste Hindus recruited primarily from the rural plains of Oudh .
After the Mutiny , recruitment switched to what the British called the `` martial races , '' particularly Rajputs , Sikhs , Gurkhas , Pashtuns , Garhwalis , Mohyals , Dogras , Jats and Balochis .
The first army officially called the `` Indian Army '' was raised by the government of India in 1895 , existing alongside the three long-established presidency armies -LRB- the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army -RRB- of the Presidencies of British India .
The term `` Indian Army '' was also sometimes used informally as a collective description of the former Presidency armies , particularly after the Indian Mutiny .
Between 1903 and 1947 this consisted of two separate entities : the Indian Army itself -LRB- made up of Indian regiments originating in India -RRB- , plus the British Army in India , which consisted of units of the British Army -LRB- with their origins in the United Kingdom -RRB- which were on a tour of duty in India .
British Army units stationed in India returned to the United Kingdom or were posted to other stations outside India and Pakistan .
It was not designated as the British Indian Army but as the Indian Army and when used within an article or a book which has a clear historical context is often referred to as the Indian Army .
This is a list of known residences of the British Royal Family . It includes historical residences , and not all of the current residences are regarded as official residences .
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kayes Region is one of eight first level national subdivisions , called Regions in Mali .
Air France-KLM remained part of the SkyTeam alliance , which then included Aeroflot , Delta Air Lines , AeromÃ xico , Korean Air , Czech Airlines , Alitalia , Northwest Airlines , China Southern Airlines , Air Europa and Continental Airlines .
As of March 2004 , Air France employed 71,654 people .
In mathematics , natural numbers are the ordinary counting numbers 1 , 2 , 3 , ... -LRB- sometimes zero is also included -RRB- .
Sometimes the set of natural numbers with 0 included is called the set of whole numbers or counting numbers .
As of 2000 , the population was 10,569 .
Its county seat is Nowata .
Nowata County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma -LRB- born 12 April 1942 -RRB- is the President of South Africa , elected by parliament following his party 's victory in the 2009 general election .
Namco Museum Remix is a part of the Namco Museum series of arcade compilations .
Featured in the compilation are the original arcade versions of Cutie Q , Dig Dug , Galaxian , Gaplus , Mappy , Pac & Pal , Pac-Mania , Super Pac-Man and Xevious .
It also features re-vamped `` Remix '' versions of Pac ` n Roll -LRB- previously a Nintendo DS title -RRB- , Galaga , Motos , Rally X and Gator Panic -LRB- originally a redemption game -RRB- .
One reason for this , may be that Setesdal stev are often more meditative -LRB- or elegiac -RRB- , in regard to the stev text .
Stev consists of stanzas , that have four lines .
A person who can perform a stev , is known as a kveder -LRB- or `` kvedar '' -RRB- , in Norwegian -LRB- a folk-singer -RRB- .
A kveder from Setesdal , when performing stev , generally sings more slowly , than a kveder from Telemark .
At its northern end , the shores are nearly level , while on the west shore the wooded promontory of Buonas -LRB- with its castles , old and new -RRB- projects picturesquely into the waters .
Three railways follow the shore of the lake , one from Zurich via Zug and Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard , one from Lucerne via Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard , and the third from Zurich via Zug to Lucerne .
The first steamer was placed on the lake in 1852 .
The principal place on the lake is the town of Zug .
Many fish -LRB- including pike and carp of considerable weights -RRB- are taken in the lake , which is especially famous for an endemic kind of trout -LRB- Salmo salvelinus , locally called Rolheli -RRB- .
Erbium is a chemical element in the lanthanide series , with the symbol Er and atomic number 68 .
Along with Hu Zongnan and Xue Yue , Tang was one of the Kuomintang generals most feared and respected by the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War .
The Canadian Women 's Hockey League -LRB- CWHL -RRB- is one of two major women 's ice hockey leagues in Canada . The league was founded in 2007 .
All fields are optional and unused parameter names can be left blank or omitted .
The infobox may be added by pasting the template as shown below into an article .
Their recorded play goes back as far as the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada -LRB- AHAC -RRB- in 1889 , although the Quebec Hockey Club is known to have played in tournaments prior to that date .
The club continued as an amateur team through various leagues , eventually becoming professional in 1908 , and eventually playing in the National Hockey League .
The Quebec Bulldogs were a men 's senior-level ice hockey team officially known as the Quebec Hockey Club , later as the Quebec Athletic Club .
The Bulldog name was given by the media and was so popular with the fans a Bulldog mascot was created but was never officially changed until the team moved to Hamilton , Ontario , in 1920 and became the Tigers .
Lassi is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
It borders on to North Ayrshire , East Renfrewshire , South Lanarkshire , South Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway .
East Ayrshire is one of 32 council areas of Scotland .
Kilmarnock is the largest town , followed by Stewarton ; other small main towns are New Cumnock and Cumnock .
Kilmarnock is the largest town in East Ayrshire .
With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire , it formed the former county of Ayrshire .
The area was formed in 1996 , from the former Kilmarnock and Loudoun and Cumnock and Doon Valley districts .
Yuki Tamura -LRB- born 31 December 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for GuaranÃ .
A Nigerian study has found that more than 800,000 people are enslaved , almost 8 % of the population .
In November 2006 , the International Labor Organization announced it will be seeking `` to prosecute members of the ruling Myanmar junta for crimes against humanity '' over the continuous forced labor of its citizens by the military at the International Court of Justice .
Among those rescued were 69 children .
Slavery in Mauritania was criminalized in August 2007 .
In Niger , slavery is also a current phenomenon .
According to the U.S. Department of State , more than 109,000 children were working on cocoa farms alone in CÃ te d'Ivoire -LRB- Ivory Coast -RRB- in `` the worst forms of child labor '' in 2002 .
Child slavery has commonly been used in the production of cash crops and mining .
The English word slave derives through Old French and Medieval Latin from the medieval word for the Slavic people of Central and Eastern Europe .
Enslavement is also taking place in parts of Africa , in the Middle East , and in South Asia . The Middle East Quarterly reports that slavery is still endemic in Sudan .
According to the International Labor Organization -LRB- ILO -RRB- , an estimated 800,000 people are subject to forced labor in Myanmar .
In Mauritania alone , it is estimated that up to 600,000 men , women and children , or 20 % of the population , are enslaved with many used as bonded labor .
In response , the Chinese government assembled a force of 35,000 police to check northern Chinese brick kilns for slaves , sent dozens of kiln supervisors to prison , punished 95 officials in Shanxi province for dereliction of duty , and sentenced one kiln foreman to death for killing an enslaved worker .
If the used grounds remain in the drink after brewing , French pressed coffee left to stand can become bitter , though this is an effect that many users of French press consider beneficial .
The French press goes by various names around the world .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers not wishing to carry a heavy , metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
Travel mug versions exist which are made of tough plastic instead of the more common glass , and have a sealed lid with a closable drinking hole .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .
In French , it is also known by its brand names , notably , Melior , from an old brand of this type .
In New Zealand , Australia and South Africa the apparatus is known as a coffee plunger , and coffee brewed in it as plunger coffee .
As with drip-brewed coffee , French pressed coffee can be brewed to any strength by adjusting the amount of ground coffee which is brewed .
French presses are more portable and self contained than other coffee makers .
Its French name is cafetiÃ re Ã piston .
A French press , also known as a press pot , coffee press , coffee plunger , cafetiere -LRB- UK -RRB- or Ñ afetiÃ re Ã piston , is a simple coffee brewing device which was invented in France in the late 19th century .
In the UK and the Netherlands the device is known as a cafetiÃ re ; the French word for a coffee maker or pot .
Because the coffee grounds remain in direct contact with the brewing water and the grounds are filtered from the water via a mesh instead of a paper filter , coffee brewed with the French press captures more of the coffee 's flavor and essential oils , which would become trapped in a traditional drip brew machine 's paper filters .
A French press requires coffee of a coarser grind than does a drip brew coffee filter , as finer grounds will seep through the press filter and into the coffee . Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together , stirring it and leaving to brew for a few minutes , then pressing the plunger to trap the coffee grounds at the bottom of the beaker .
Je -LRB- Ð Ñ ; italics : Ð Ñ -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Deposed Queen Lady Yun or Waste Queen Lady Yun -LRB- korea : í ë ì ì '' , hanja : å '' cents å å æ , ?
- August 16 1482 -RRB- was Joseon Dynasty 's King Seongjong of Joseon 's Second wife .
The Summer of Love was a social phenomenon that occurred during summer of 1967 , when as many as 100,000 people converged on the Haight-Ashbury neighborhood of San Francisco , creating a cultural and political rebellion .
The Summer of Love became a defining moment of the 1960s , as the hippie counterculture movement came into public awareness .
Louis Angelo Marcon -LRB- born May 28 , 1935 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 60 games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings .
This statement documents that with limited fire safety benefit , these flame retardants can cause serious health issues and as types of flame retardants are banned , the alternatives should be proven safe before being used . The group also wants to change widespread policies that require use of flame retardants .
Alfred Pritchard Sloan , Jr. -LRB- May 23 , 1875 â `` February 17 , 1966 -RRB- was a long-time president and chairman of General Motors .
Springdale is the central city in Northwest Arkansas , situated in the southeastern center of the Springfield Plateau , the westernmost portion of the Ozark Plateau . Springdale is the second-largest city in Northwest Arkansas and currently Arkansas 's fourth-largest city , behind Little Rock , Fort Smith , and Fayetteville .
Isao Homma is a Japanese footballer who plays for Albirex Niigata .
On September 28 , 2007 Michael D. Griffin , who was at the time Administrator of NASA , stated that NASA aims to put a man on Mars by 2037 .
NASA was established by the National Aeronautics and Space Act on July 29 , 1958 , replacing its predecessor , the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics -LRB- NACA -RRB- .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration -LRB- NASA , -RRB- is an Executive Branch agency of the United States government , responsible for the nation 's civilian space program and aeronautics and aerospace research . Since February 2006 , NASA 's self-described mission statement is to `` pioneer the future in space exploration , scientific discovery and aeronautics research . ''
Apollo 11 landed on the moon on July 20 , 1969 with astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin , while Michael Collins orbited above .
Grand-Corent is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Ã bouleau is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Anand is one of six players in history to break the 2800 mark on the FIDE rating list , and in April 2007 at the age of 37 , he became the world number-one for the first time .
After several near misses , Anand won the FIDE World Chess Championship in 2000 for the first time after defeating Alexei Shirov 3 Â 1\/2 â `` 0 Â 1\/2 in the final match held at Tehran , thereby becoming the first Indian to win that title .
In October 2008 , he dropped out of the world top three ranking for the first time since July 1996 .
He was at the top of the world rankings five out of six times , from April 2007 to July 2008 , holding the number-one ranking for a total of 15 months .
In 2007 , he was awarded India 's second highest civilian award , the Padma Vibhushan , making him the first sportsperson to receive the award in Indian history .
He was also the first recipient of the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award in 1991 â `` 92 , India 's highest sporting honor .
Viswanathan Anand , -LRB- , ; born 11 December 1969 -RRB- is an Indian chess Grandmaster and the current World Chess Champion .
He held the FIDE World Chess Championship from 2000 to 2002 , at a time when the world title was split .
He became the undisputed World Champion in 2007 and defended his title against Vladimir Kramnik in 2008 .
Veltheim is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Life as We Know It is a 2010 comedy-drama film directed by Greg Berlanti , starring Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel .
The film was released on October 8 , 2010 .
Hayden was once called `` Hayden village . ''
The capital is the city of Fukushima .
It is divided by mountain ranges into three regions called -LRB- from west to east -RRB- Aizu , NakadÅ ri , and HamadÅ ri .
Fukushima is the southernmost prefecture of TÅ hoku region , and the closest to Tokyo .
Fukushima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the TÅ hoku region on the island of HonshÅ `` .
The coastal HamadÅ ri region lies on the Pacific Ocean and is the flattest and most temperate region , while the NakadÅ ri region is the agricultural heart of the prefecture and contains the capital , Fukushima City .
The mountainous Aizu region has scenic lakes , lush forests , and snowy winters .
The North East MRT Line -LRB- NEL -RRB- is the third Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore and the world 's second longest fully-underground , automated and driverless , rapid transit line after Singapore 's Circle MRT Line .
As the name implies , the line connects central Singapore to the north-eastern part of the island .
Transfer to the North South Line is provided at Dhoby Ghaut station , East West Line at Outram Park station and Circle Line at Serangoon and Dhoby Ghaut stations .
The line is 20 km long with 16 stations and operated by SBS Transit .
The future Downtown Line will interchange with the North East Line at Chinatown and Little India stations .
This line is colored purple in the rail map .
This line is the first in Singapore to be entirely underground .
Travelling from one end of this line to the other end takes around half an hour .
Calculations suggest that a typical Ophthalmosaurus could stay submerged for approximately 20 minutes or more .
The size of the eyes and the sclerotic rings suggests that Ophthalmosaurus hunted at a depth where there is not much light or that it may have hunted at night when a prey species was more active .
The eyes occupied almost all of the space in the skull and were protected by bony plates -LRB- sclerotic rings -RRB- , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
Ophthalmosaurus chief claim to fame is its eyes which , at 4 inches in diameter , were extremely large in proportion to its body .
The swimming speed of Ophthalmosaurus has been estimated at 2.5 m\/s or greater , but even assuming a conservative speed of 1 m\/s , an Ophthalmosaurus would be able to dive to 600 meters and return to the surface within 20 minutes .
is a town in Germany , the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau in the south of Bavaria .
Iowa City is the county seat of Johnson County and the home city of the University of Iowa .
Iowa City is a city in Johnson County , State of Iowa .
Iowa City was the second capital of the Iowa Territory , and it was also the first capital city of the State of Iowa .
It is the municipality with the longest name in Germany .
HÃ henkirchen-Siegertsbrunn is a municipality in Upper Bavaria , situated south of Munich .
Jean Racine , baptismal name Jean-Baptiste Racine -LRB- 22 December 1639-21 April 1699 -RRB- , was a French dramatist , one of the `` Big Three '' of 17th century France -LRB- along with MoliÃ re and Corneille -RRB- , and one of the most important literary figures in the Western tradition .
The University of Arizona -LRB- also referred to as UA , U of A , or Arizona -RRB- is a land-grant and space-grant public institution of higher education and research located in Tucson , Arizona , United States . The University of Arizona was the first university in the state of Arizona , founded in 1885 -LRB- twenty-seven years before the Arizona Territory achieved statehood -RRB- .
A federal republic is a federation of states with a republican form of government .
The population was 277 at the 2000 census .
Ionia is a city in Chickasaw County , Iowa , United States .
The term Anno Domini is Medieval Latin , translated as In the year of -LRB- the\/Our -RRB- Lord . It is sometimes specified more fully as Anno Domini Nostri Iesu -LRB- Jesu -RRB- Christi -LRB- `` In the Year of Our Lord Jesus Christ '' -RRB- .
When he devised his table , Julian calendar years were identified by naming the consuls who held office that year â '' he himself stated that the `` present year '' was `` the consulship of Probus Junior '' , which was 525 years `` since the incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ '' .
The Anno Domini dating system was devised in 525 by Dionysius Exiguus , who used it to compute the date of the Christian Easter festival , and to identify the several Easters in his Easter table , but did not use it to date any historical event .
He is best known for his role as Shawn Hunter on the 1990s sitcom Boy Meets World .
Rider King Strong -LRB- born December 11 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer and screenwriter .
PrÃ mont is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Claudio Ã beda -LRB- born September 17 , 1969 in Rosario , Argentina -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
This is the thinner of the two main variations .
As to when xocolatl was first served hot , sources conflict on when and by whom .
They then poured the drink back and forth from a cup to a pot until a thick foam developed .
Studies have shown that hot chocolate contains large amounts of antioxidants that may be beneficial to one 's health .
Hot chocolate and churros is the traditional working-man 's breakfast in Spain .
Even when the first Chocolate House -LRB- an establishment similar to a modern coffee shop -RRB- opened in 1657 , chocolate was still very expensive , costing 50 to 75 pence -LRB- approximately 10-15 shillings -RRB- a pound .
To make the chocolate drink , which was served cold , the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste , and mixed it with water , cornmeal , chile peppers , and other ingredients .
By using cocoa powder and low amounts of cocoa butter , bar chocolate was then possible to manufacture .
The types and severity of health risks vary between different styles of hot chocolate . Hot chocolate 's negative effects are mostly due to the high sugar content in most types of beverage .
Hot chocolate of this type is commonly sold in circular or hexagonal tablets which can be dissolved into hot milk , water or cream , then blended until the mixture develops a creamy froth .
Sweet-tasting hot chocolate was then invented , leading hot chocolate to become a luxury item among the European nobility by the 17th century .
In some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe , one who orders a `` warme chocolade '' or `` chocolat chaud '' would receive a cup of steamed white milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to dissolve in the milk .
The Aztec adaptation of the drink was a bitter , frothy , spicy drink called xocolatl , made much the same way as the Mayan chocolate drinks .
By the 15th century , the Aztecs gained control of a large part of Mesoamerica , and adopted cacao into their culture .
The fruit , called a cacao pod , is ovoid , 15 â `` 30 cm -LRB- or 6 â `` 12 Â in -RRB- long and 8 â `` 10 cm -LRB- 3 â `` 4 in -RRB- wide , ripening yellow to orange , and weighs about 500 Â g -LRB- 1 lb -RRB- when ripe .
At the time , chocolate was very expensive in Europe because the cacao beans only grew in South America .
From the 16th to 19th centuries , hot chocolate was valued as a medicine as well as a drink .
In the United Kingdom , `` hot chocolate '' is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water , and powder containing chocolate , sugar , and powdered milk .
The first European contact with chocolate came when Montezuma -LRB- then tlatoani of Tenochtitlan -RRB- introduced HernÃ n CortÃ s , a Spanish conquistador , to xocolatl in the 16th century .
Americans use the terms `` hot chocolate '' and `` hot cocoa '' interchangeably . In other places , a distinction is made between `` hot cocoa '' , made from powder made by removing most of the rich cocoa butter from the ground cacao beans , and `` hot chocolate '' , made directly from bar chocolate , which already contains cocoa , sugar and cocoa butter .
This powderâ '' much like the instant cocoa powder used todayâ '' was easier to stir into milk and water , and led to another very important discovery : solid chocolate .
Mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of Mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in Spain , churros .
It was still served as a beverage , but the Europeans added cane sugar to counteract the natural bitterness and removed the chili pepper while retaining the vanilla , in addition they added cinnamon as well as other spices .
Caffeine found in the cocoa solids in hot chocolate may also have negative effects on health .
After its introduction to Europe , the drink slowly gained popularity .
They associated chocolate with Xochiquetzal , the goddess of fertility , and often used chocolate beverages as sacred offerings .
Chocolate was available to Maya of all social classes , although the wealthy drank chocolate from elaborately decorated vessels .
Among the multiple thick forms of hot chocolate served in Europe is the Italian cioccolata densa .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were yet to be invented .
At this time , chocolate still only existed in the bitter drink invented by the Mayans .
The sweet chocolate residue found in jars from the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras from around 1100 B.C. is the earliest found evidence of the use of cacao to date .
Hot chocolate was first brought to North America as early as the 17th century by the Dutch , but the first time colonists began selling hot chocolate was around 1755 .
The first recorded shipment of chocolate to Europe for commercial purposes was in a shipment from Veracruz to Sevilla in 1585 .
The first chocolate beverage is believed to have been created by the Mayan peoples around 2,000 years ago , and a cocoa beverage was an essential part of Aztec culture by 1400 AD .
What the Spaniards then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans , the dried and partially fermented seeds of the cacao tree -LRB- Theobroma cacao -RRB- , a small -LRB- 4 â `` 8 Â m -LRB- or 15 â `` 26 ft -RRB- tall -RRB- evergreen tree native to the deep tropical region of the Americas .
This style of hot chocolate can be extremely thick , often having the consistency of warm chocolate pudding .
While hot chocolate is generally consumed for pleasure , there are several potential health benefits associated with drinking hot chocolate . Studies have shown that hot chocolate contains large amounts of antioxidants that may be beneficial to one 's health .
The press separated the greasy cocoa butter from cacao seeds , leaving a purer and less fattening chocolate powder behind .
Thus the major difference between the two is the cocoa butter , whose absence makes hot cocoa significantly lower in fat than hot chocolate , while still preserving all the antioxidants found in chocolate .
In other places , a distinction is made between `` hot cocoa '' , made from powder made by removing most of the rich cocoa butter from the ground cacao beans , and `` hot chocolate '' , made directly from bar chocolate , which already contains cocoa , sugar and cocoa butter .
It is very sweet and may be topped with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
Americans use the terms `` hot chocolate '' and `` hot cocoa '' interchangeably .
In the late 17th century , Hans Sloane , president of the Royal College of Physicians , visited Jamaica .
After defeating Montezuma 's warriors , and demanding that the Aztec nobles hand over their valuables , CortÃ s returned to Spain in 1528 , bringing cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
By using cocoa powder and low amounts of cocoa butter , bar chocolate was then possible to manufacture . The term `` chocolate '' then came to mean solid chocolate , rather than hot chocolate .
In 1828 , Coenraad Johannes van Houten developed the first cocoa powder producing machine in the Netherlands .
In Mexico , hot chocolate remains a popular national drink .
The Maya are generally given credit for creating the first modern chocolate beverage over 2,000 years ago , despite the fact that the beverage would undergo many more changes in Europe .
It was often seasoned with vanilla , chile pepper , and achiote , and was believed to fight fatigue , which is probably attributable to the theobromine content , a mood enhancer .
American instant hot cocoa powder often includes powdered milk or other dairy ingredients so it can be made without using milk .
The drink tasted spicy and bitter , unlike modern hot chocolate , which is typically sweet .
Because sugar was yet to come to the Americas , xocolatl was said to be an acquired taste .
The scientific name , Theobroma , means `` food of the gods '' .
The explorer Francisco HernÃ ndez wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease .
Because cacao would not grow in the dry central Mexican highlands and had to be imported , chocolate was an important luxury good throughout the Aztec empire , and cocoa beans were often used as currency .
When he returned to England , he brought the recipe with him , introducing milk chocolate to Europe .
However , Jose de Acosta , a Spanish Jesuit missionary who lived in Peru and then Mexico in the later 16th century , described xocolatl as :
The court of King Charles V soon adopted the drink , and what was then only known as `` chocolate '' became a fashionable drink popular with the Spanish upper class .
`` Cocoa '' usually refers to a similar drink made with just hot milk and cocoa powder , then sweetened to taste with sugar .
German variations are also known for being very thick and heavy .
Traditionally , hot chocolate has been associated with cold weather , winter , and dessert in the United States , and is now rarely drunk with meals .
When chocolate was introduced to the French in the 17th century , it was reportedly used `` to fight against fits of anger and bad moods '' , which may be attributed to chocolate 's phenylethylamine content .
Today , hot chocolate is consumed throughout the world and comes in multiple variations including the very thick cioccolata densa served in Italy , and the thinner hot cocoa that is typically consumed in the United States .
Another explorer , Santiago de Valverde Turices , believed that large amounts of hot chocolate was helpful in treating chest ailments , but in smaller amounts could help stomach disorders .
The term `` chocolate '' then came to mean solid chocolate , rather than hot chocolate .
Hot chocolate can be made with dark , semisweet , or bittersweet chocolate , chopped into small pieces and stirred into milk with the addition of sugar .
Montezuma 's court reportedly drank about 2000 cups of xocolatl per day , 50 of which were consumed by Montezuma himself .
Besides the instant powder form , traditional Mexican hot chocolate includes semi-sweet chocolate , cinnamon , sugar and vanilla .
Hot chocolate -LRB- also known as hot cocoa or just cocoa -RRB- is a heated beverage typically consisting of shaved chocolate , melted chocolate or cocoa powder , heated milk or water , and sugar .
It was released on January 17 , 1992 through Lookout !
Kerplunk is the second studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Although some epidemiological studies suggest an abortion â `` breast cancer association , the World Health Organization has concluded from large cohort studies that there is `` no consistent effect of first trimester induced abortion upon a woman 's risk of breast cancer later in life '' . The National Cancer Institute , the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , and other major medical bodies have concluded that abortion does not cause breast cancer .
64 % of those reported were by vacuum aspiration , 6 % by D&E , and 30 % were medical .
90.9 % of these were classified as having been done by `` curettage '' -LRB- suction-aspiration , Dilation and curettage , Dilation and evacuation -RRB- , 7.7 % by `` medical '' means -LRB- mifepristone -RRB- , 0.4 % by `` intrauterine instillation '' -LRB- saline or prostaglandin -RRB- , and 1.0 % by `` other '' -LRB- including hysterotomy and hysterectomy -RRB- .
Spontaneous abortion -LRB- also known as miscarriage -RRB- is the expulsion of an embryo or fetus due to accidental trauma or natural causes before approximately the 22nd week of gestation ; the definition by gestational age varies by country .
One study testing hormones for ovulation and pregnancy found that 61.9 % of conceptuses were lost prior to 12 weeks , and 91.7 % of these losses occurred subclinically , without the knowledge of the once pregnant woman .
Male Gray langur monkeys may attack females following male takeover , causing miscarriage .
Premature births and stillbirths are generally not considered to be miscarriages although usage of these terms can sometimes overlap .
Advancing maternal age and a patient history of previous spontaneous abortions are the two leading factors associated with a greater risk of spontaneous abortion .
Others like Russia -LRB- 62.6 out of 100 -RRB- , Romania -LRB- 63 out of 100 -RRB- and Vietnam -LRB- 43.7 out of 100 -RRB- had a high ratio -LRB- data for last three countries of unknown completeness -RRB- .
Most miscarriages occur very early in pregnancy , in most cases , they occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
The Guttmacher Institute estimated that `` most abortions in the United States are obtained by minority women '' because minority women `` have much higher rates of unintended pregnancy . ''
In cows , abortion may be caused by contagious disease , such as Brucellosis or Campylobacter , but can often be controlled by vaccination .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 to 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
Inconsistent use was reported by 49 % of those using condoms and 76 % of those using the combined oral contraceptive pill ; 42 % of those using condoms reported failure through slipping or breakage .
A pregnancy that ends before 37 weeks of gestation resulting in a live-born infant is known as a `` premature birth '' .
An abortion can occur spontaneously due to complications during pregnancy or can be induced in humans and other species . In the context of human pregnancies , an abortion induced to preserve the health of the gravida -LRB- pregnant female -RRB- is termed a therapeutic abortion , while an abortion induced for any other reason is termed an elective abortion .
A spontaneous abortion can also be caused by accidental trauma ; intentional trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion or feticide .
Abortion may also be induced in animals , in the context of animal husbandry .
The Guttmacher Institute estimated there were 2,200 intact dilation and extraction procedures in the U.S. during 2000 ; this accounts for 0.17 % of the total number of abortions performed that year .
Another American study in 2002 concluded that 54 % of women who had an abortion were using a form of contraception at the time of becoming pregnant while 46 % were not .
Abortions are unsafe when performed by persons without the proper skills or outside of a medically safe environment . An estimated 42 million abortions are performed annually with 20 million of those abortions done unsafely around the world .
For example , abortion may be induced in mares that have been mated improperly , or that have been purchased by owners who did not realize the mares were pregnant , or that are pregnant with twin foals .
Some countries , such as Belgium -LRB- 11.2 out of 100 known pregnancies -RRB- and the Netherlands -LRB- 10.6 per 100 -RRB- , had a comparatively low ratio of induced abortion .
For example , in sheep , it may be caused by crowding through doors , or being chased by dogs .
In Finland and the United States , concern for the health risks posed by pregnancy in individual cases was not a factor commonly given ; however , in Bangladesh , India , and Kenya health concerns were cited by women more frequently as reasons for having an abortion .
The risk of spontaneous abortion decreases sharply after the 10th week from the last menstrual period -LRB- LMP -RRB- . One study of 232 pregnant women showed `` virtually complete -LRB- pregnancy loss -RRB- by the end of the embryonic period '' -LRB- 10 weeks LMP -RRB- with a pregnancy loss rate of only 2 percent after 8.5 weeks LMP .
In the context of human pregnancies , an abortion induced to preserve the health of the gravida -LRB- pregnant female -RRB- is termed a therapeutic abortion , while an abortion induced for any other reason is termed an elective abortion .
Later abortions are more common in China , India , and other developing countries than in developed countries .
1 % of women in the 2004 survey-based U.S. study became pregnant as a result of rape and 0.5 % as a result of incest .
Feticide can occur in horses and zebras due to male harassment of pregnant mares or forced copulation , although the frequency in the wild has been questioned .
Spontaneous abortion occurs in various animals .
Tourville-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
As of 2000 , the population was 14,154 .
Hughes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Holdenville .
Solar box cookers can be made of locally available materials or be manufactured in a factory for sale .
They range from small cardboard devices , suitable for cooking a single meal when the sun is shining , to wood and glass boxes built into the sunny side of a house .
Because they use no fuel and they cost nothing to run , humanitarian organizations are promoting their use worldwide to help slow deforestation and desertification , caused by using wood as fuel for cooking .
Although invented by Horace de Saussure , a Swiss naturalist , as early as 1767 , solar box cookers have only gained popularity since the 1970s .
A solar oven or solar cooker is a device which uses sunlight as its energy source .
Cyanides are produced by certain bacteria , fungi , and algae and are found in a number of plants .
Hydrogen cyanide is produced when a solution containing a labile cyanide is acidified because HCN is a weak acid ; alkaline solutions are safer to use because they do not evolve hydrogen cyanide .
In plants , cyanides are usually bound to sugar molecules in the form of cyanogenic glycosides and defend the plant against herbivores .
Kerrea Kuche Gilbert -LRB- ; born 28 February 1987 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a full back .
Juan GÃ mez GonzÃ lez -LRB- born 10 November 1954 in Fuengirola , MÃ laga ; died 2 April 1992 in Calzada de Oropesa , Toledo -RRB- , aka Juanito , was a Spanish footballer , who played as a forward .
Auvers-le-Hamon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Entraunes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The Black and Tans was one of two newly recruited bodies , composed largely of British World War I veterans , employed by the Royal Irish Constabulary as Temporary Constables from 1920 to 1921 to suppress revolution in Ireland .
Although it was established to target the Irish Republican Army , it became notorious through its numerous attacks on the Irish civilian population .
The family was apprehended in 1944 and Anne Frank ultimately died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp .
After the war , the diary was retrieved by Anne 's father , Otto Frank , the only known survivor of the family .
The book is in several lists of the top books of the twentieth century .
The diary has now been published in more than 60 different languages .
First published under the title Het Achterhuis : Dagboekbrieven van 12 Juni 1942 -- 1 Augustus 1944 -LRB- The Annex : diary notes from 12 June 1942 -- 1 August 1944 -RRB- by Contact Publishing in Amsterdam in 1947 , it received widespread critical and popular attention on the appearance of its English language translation Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl by Doubleday & Company -LRB- United States -RRB- and Valentine Mitchell -LRB- United Kingdom -RRB- in 1952 .
Anne Frank decided that when the war was over she would publish a book based on her diary . Because she did not survive the war , it fell instead to her father to see her diary published .
The Diary of a Young Girl is a book of the writings from the Porchikes language diary kept by Anne Frank while she was in hiding for two years with her family during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , rivers , freshwater springs , plantations , rural gardens , urban areas , ponds , and irrigated land .
The Olive Toad , Bufo olivaceus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family .
It is found in Iran , Pakistan , and possibly Afghanistan .
The novel received the 1961 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Author Harper Lee was born and raised in Monroeville .
Monroeville is a city in Monroe County , Alabama , United States .
At the 2000 census the population was 6,862 .
In her book To Kill a Mockingbird , the fictional town of Maycomb is modeled on her hometown .
The city is the county seat of Monroe County .
Baldur Benedikt von Schirach -LRB- 9 May 1907 -- 8 August 1974 -RRB- was a Nazi youth leader later convicted of being a war criminal .
Schirach was the head of the Hitler-Jugend -LRB- HJ , Hitler Youth -RRB- and Gauleiter and Reichsstatthalter -LRB- `` Reich Governor '' -RRB- of Vienna .
Year 1582 -LRB- MDLXXXII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar . However , this year also saw the beginning of the Gregorian Calendar switch , when a Papal bull introduced the Gregorian calendar , adopted by Spain , Portugal , the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and most of present-day Italy from the start .
Other countries continued using the Julian calendar , switching calendars in later years , and the complete conversion of the Gregorian calendar was not entirely done until 1929 .
In these countries , the year continued as normal until Thursday , October 4 .
Tunnel of Love is the fourth EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on June 11 , 1996 by Psychopathic Records .
A XXX Version which contains different cover art and a bonus track was also released at this time .
Originally called the `` Klee Kai '' , the breed split into `` Alaskan Klee Kai '' and `` Klee Kai '' for political reasons in 1995 .
The Alaskan Klee Kai is a northern breed of dog of spitz type .
The breed was developed to create a companion sized version of the Alaskan Husky -LRB- a mixed breed of dog used for sled racing -RRB- , resulting in an energetic , intelligent , apartment-sized dog with an appearance that reflects its northern heritage .
The term `` Klee Kai '' was derived from Alaskan Athabaskan words meaning `` small dog '' .
It is an adaptation of the 1990 novel A Very Private Gentleman by Martin Booth .
The film opened on September 1 , 2010 .
Under the CF structure , Canadian Expeditionary Forces Command -LRB- CEFCOM -RRB- is the unified command that is responsible for all Canadian Forces -LRB- CF -RRB- international operations , with the exception of operations conducted solely by Canadian Special Operations Forces Command elements .
Though under Red 's protection , Sorcha encounters a new danger in the form of Lord Richard , Red 's uncle .
Having lost her mother at birth , Sorcha is more or less completely ignored by her father .
When Red returns to Britain , Sorcha unwillingly accompanies him .
Red correctly believes that Sorcha has information concerning his brother , Simon , whom Sorcha had nursed back to health after Simon 's capture by Lord Colum .
Sorcha agrees to this and spends several years in the forest , hiding from Oonagh as she works on the shirts .
What follows is a twist on the classic tale of `` The Six Swans . ''
A girl -LRB- Sorcha -RRB- must sew six shirts from a painful nettle plant in order to save her brothers from a witch 's enchantment , remaining completely mute until the task is finished .
Sorcha remains with Red as she continues to work on the shirts .
When her father 's new wife , the Lady Oonagh , attacks Sorcha and her brothers , Sorcha alone is able to flee into the forest and escape .
Sorcha learns that if she can spin six shirts from starwort , remaining absolutely silent until the last one has been completed , she can free her brothers from Oonagh 's spell .
Sorcha must fend off the attacks of Richard even as she continues silently working to save her brothers .
Daughter of the Forest is an historical fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier first published in 1999 It is loosely based on `` The Six Swans '' -LRB- a story that has many versions , one of which by the Brothers Grimm -RRB- .
Sorcha , the seventh child of Irish Lord Colum of Sevenwaters , has been raised almost entirely by her six older brothers .
After several years of solitary struggle , Sorcha is saved from drowning by a British lord , Hugh of Harrowfield -LRB- a.k.a. `` Red '' -RRB- .
Sorcha 's brothers , however , have been turned into swans .
Iftar , refers to the evening meal when Muslims break their fast during the Islamic month of Ramadan .
Patrick M. Byrne -LRB- born 1962 , Fort Wayne , Indiana , United States -RRB- is the president , CEO , and chairman of the board of directors of Internet retailer Overstock.com .
Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 21 Union Councils , four of which form the headquarters - Dera Ismail Khan .
EstrÃ es-la-Campagne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Such places are usually declared from part or all of the territory of another nation or failed nation , or are breakaway territories from within the larger state .
A declaration of independence is an assertion of the independence of an aspiring state or states .
Not all declarations of independence are successful and result in independence for these regions .
Such declarations are typically made without the consent of the parent state , and hence are sometimes called unilateral declarations of independence -LRB- UDI -RRB- , particularly by those who question the declarations ' validity .
Nagua is the capital of MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez province , in the northeastern Dominican Republic .
On December 18 , he was traded to the Kansas City Royals with Lorenzo Cain , Jeremy Jeffress , and Jake Odorizzi for Zack Greinke and Yuniesky Betancourt .
Alcides Escobar -LRB- born December 16 , 1986 , in La Sabana , Venezuela -RRB- is a Major League Baseball infielder for the Kansas City Royals .
Syracuse was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1966 .
Syracuse University -LRB- also referred to as SU , Syracuse , or ` Cuse -RRB- is a private research university located in Syracuse , New York , United States .
Its roots can be traced back to Genesee Wesleyan Seminary , founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832 , which also later founded Genesee College . Following several years of debate over relocating the college to Syracuse , the university was founded independent of the college in 1870 .
Buchberg is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Nadal has won nine Grand Slam singles titles , the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles , a record 18 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments , and also was part of the Spain Davis Cup team that won the finals in 2004 , 2008 and 2009 .
Gladbrook is a city in Tama County , Iowa , United States .
She and her younger brother Palaash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for poor children who need financial assistance for the medical treatment of heart Disease .
Palak Muchhal is teenager singer from Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Kigali , population 965,398 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , is the capital and largest city of Rwanda .
The track was released as the album 's second single from the album in 2001 and became the band 's fourth U.S. non-consecutive number-one single .
It also reached the top-five in Australia , Canada and the United Kingdom .
Octavio Paz Lozano -LRB- March 31 , 1914 â `` April 19 , 1998 -RRB- was a Mexican writer , poet , and diplomat , and the winner of the 1990 Nobel Prize for Literature .
Octavio Paz died of cancer in 1998 .
Calgary first tried to win a bid for the Winter Olympics in 1964 , and again in 1968 but were defeated by Innsbruck , Austria , and Grenoble , France , respectively .
Tamotsu Komatsuzaki -LRB- born July 10 , 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle , Washington .
They are currently members of the Western Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Vatra MoldoviÅ # ei is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Michelle Keegan -LRB- born 3 June 1987 -RRB- is an English actress who currently plays Tina McIntyre in the soap opera Coronation Street .
A video projector , also known as a digital projector , may be built into a cabinet with a rear-projection screen -LRB- rear-projection television , or RPTV -RRB- to form a single unified display device , now popular for â home theaterâ applications .
Video projectors are widely used for conference room presentations , classroom training , home theater and live events applications .
A video projector is a device that receives a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a projection screen using a lens system .
Common display resolutions for a portable projector include SVGA -LRB- 800 Ã -- 600 pixels -RRB- , XGA -LRB- 1024 Ã -- 768 pixels -RRB- , 720p -LRB- 1280 Ã -- 720 pixels -RRB- , and 1080p -LRB- 1920 Ã -- 1080 pixels -RRB- .
All video projectors use a very bright light to project the image , and most modern ones can correct any curves , blurriness , and other inconsistencies through manual settings .
The airline mainly serves destinations in the United States , along with flights to the Caribbean , The Bahamas , Bermuda , Colombia , Costa Rica , Dominican Republic , Jamaica , and Mexico .
JetBlue Airways Corporation is an American low-cost airline .
Service and growth out of Los Angeles International Airport , Bob Hope Burbank International Airport and Long Beach International Airport continues to be a focus for the airline .
It also has focus city operations at Fort Lauderdale â `` Hollywood International Airport , Orlando International Airport and at Luis MuÃ oz MarÃ n International Airport in San Juan .
Its main base is John F. Kennedy International Airport , also in Queens .
The company is headquartered in the Forest Hills neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens .
In 2001 , JetBlue began a focus city operation at Long Beach Airport in Long Beach , California , and another at Boston 's Logan International Airport , in 2004 .
Flamingos or flamingoes are gregarious wading birds in the genus Phoenicopterus , the only genus in the family Phoenicopteridae .
There are four flamingo species in the Americas and two species in the Old World .
Fressin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Historically , after the Meiji Restoration , HyÅ `` ga Province was renamed Miyazaki Prefecture .
It is one of only two locations on Earth where the fungus Chorioactis geaster is found .
Miyazaki Prefecture is located on the eastern coast of the island of Kyushu .
Surrounded by the Pacific Ocean to the south and east , Å ita Prefecture to the north , and Kumamoto and Kagoshima Prefectures to the west .
In May 2010 the Governor declared a state of emergency because of foot and mouth disease .
The capital is the city of Miyazaki .
See Abolition of the han system article for detailed discussion .
In 2007 , Rubin was listed among Times 100 Most Influential People in the World .
Frederick Jay `` Rick '' Rubin -LRB- born March 10 , 1963 -RRB- is an American record producer and the co-president of Columbia Records .
MTV called him `` the most important producer of the last 20 years . ''
JoÃ # o Moutinho -LRB- born 8 September 1986 in PortimÃ # o , Algarve -RRB- is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Porto , also being a Portuguese international .
Takeo Harada -LRB- born 2 October 1971 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
The plant stems can reach 1 â `` 3 m in length .
The forked leaves are brittle and stiff to the touch in some species , softer in others .
Ceratophyllum is a cosmopolitan genus of flowering plants , commonly found in ponds , marshes , and quiet streams in tropical and in temperate regions .
Ceratophyllum grows completely submerged , usually , though not always , floating on the surface , and does not tolerate drought .
At intervals along nodes of the stem they produce rings of bright green leaves , which are narrow and often much-branched .
She earned a master 's degree in zoology in June 1932 .
Carson was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Jimmy Carter .
She began writing stories -LRB- often involving animals -RRB- at age eight , and had her first story published at age eleven .
After a summer course at the Marine Biological Laboratory , she continued her studies in zoology and genetics at Johns Hopkins in the fall of 1929 .
The series of fifty-two seven-minute programs focused on aquatic life and was intended to generate public interest in fish biology and in the work of the bureauâ '' a task the several writers before Carson had not managed .
Though admitted to graduate standing at Johns Hopkins University in 1928 , she was forced to remain at the Pennsylvania College for Women for her senior year due to financial difficulties ; she graduated magna cum laude in 1929 .
She had intended to continue for a doctorate , but in 1934 Carson was forced to leave Johns Hopkins to search for a full-time teaching position to help support her family .
Together , her sea trilogy explores the whole of ocean life , from the shores to the surface to the deep sea .
Rachel Carson was born on May 27 , 1907 , on a small family farm near Springdale , Pennsylvania , just up the Allegheny River from Pittsburgh .
After false starts with pit vipers and squirrels , she completed a dissertation project on the embryonic development of the pronephros in fish .
The natural world , particularly the ocean , was the common thread of her favorite literature .
She originally studied English , but switched her major to biology in January 1928 , though she continued contributing to the school 's student newspaper and literary supplement .
In 1935 , her father died suddenly , leaving Carson to care for her aging mother and making the financial situation even more critical .
Silent Spring , while met with fierce denial from chemical companies , spurred a reversal in national pesticide policyâ '' leading to a nationwide ban on DDT and other pesticidesâ '' and the grassroots environmental movement the book inspired led to the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency .
At the Pennsylvania College for Women -LRB- today known as Chatham University -RRB- , as in high school , Carson was somewhat of a loner .
The result was Silent Spring -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , which brought environmental concerns to an unprecedented portion of the American public .
Rachel Louise Carson -LRB- May 27 , 1907 â `` April 14 , 1964 -RRB- was an American marine biologist and conservationist whose writings are credited with advancing the global environmental movement .
Her next book , The Edge of the Sea , and the republished version of her first book , Under the Sea Wind , were also bestsellers .
At the urging of her undergraduate biology mentor Mary Scott Skinker , she settled for a temporary position with the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries , writing radio copy for a series of weekly educational broadcasts entitled `` Romance Under the Waters '' .
An avid reader , she also spent a lot of time exploring around her family 's 65 a farm .
Carson also began submitting articles on marine life in the Chesapeake Bay , based on her research for the series , to local newspapers and magazines .
Carson 's supervisor , pleased with the success of the radio series , asked her to write the introduction to a public brochure about the fisheries bureau ; he also worked to secure her the first full-time position that became available .
Her widely praised 1951 bestseller The Sea Around Us won her financial security and recognition as a gifted writer .
After her first year of graduate school , Carson became a part-time student , taking an assistantship in Raymond Pearl 's laboratory , where she worked with rats and Drosophila , to earn money for tuition .
Carson attended Springdale 's small school through tenth grade , then completed high school in nearby Parnassus , Pennsylvania , graduating in 1925 at the top of her class of forty-four students .
She especially enjoyed the St. Nicholas Magazine -LRB- which carried her first published stories -RRB- , the works of Beatrix Potter , and the novels of Gene Stratton Porter , and in her teen years , Herman Melville , Joseph Conrad and Robert Louis Stevenson .
Sitting for the civil service exam , she outscored all other applicants and in 1936 became only the second woman to be hired by the Bureau of Fisheries for a full-time , professional position , as a junior aquatic biologist .
In the late 1950s , Carson turned her attention to conservation and the environmental problems caused by synthetic pesticides .
Carson began her career as a biologist in the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries , and became a full-time nature writer in the 1950s .
A context switch can mean a register context switch , a task context switch , a thread context switch , or a process context switch .
A context switch is the computing process of storing and restoring state -LRB- context -RRB- of a CPU so that execution can be resumed from the same point at a later time . This enables multiple processes to share a single CPU .
However , depending on the operating system , a context switch may also take place at this time .
What constitutes the context is determined by the processor and the operating system .
The context switch is an essential feature of a multitasking operating system .
Context switches are usually computationally intensive and much of the design of operating systems is to optimize the use of context switches .
Since 2003 , McAllister has served as the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony , of which he has been a member since 1998 .
His father , James Buchanan McAllister , was a British civil servant , originally from Glasgow -LRB- where the family still has relatives -RRB- , stationed in West Berlin since 1969 , where he was attached to the Royal Corps of Signals .
He served as mayor of his hometown of Bad Bederkesa from 2001 to 2002 .
I 've lived in Germany all my life .
McAllister succeeded Christian Wulff as party chairman of the CDU in Lower Saxony in June 2008 , winning the election by a record margin .
McAllister heads a coalition government with the liberal FDP , the Cabinet McAllister .
After the election of Wulff as President , David McAllister was elected the new Minister-President of Lower Saxony the following day .
His mother , Mechthild McAllister , is a music teacher .
His upbringing in West Berlin , however , he describes as `` very British '' with `` British network , British schools '' .
From 2002 to 2003 , he also was secretary general of the CDU in Lower Saxony .
David McAllister holds both German and British citizenship , although he has stated that he 's `` more or less completely German .
From 1989 till 1991 , McAllister served as a soldier in the Bundeswehr , in Panzerbataillon 74 in Cuxhaven .
I became a member of the CDU when I was 17 â `` it was a birthday present .
After his parents moved to the small town of Bad Bederkesa in Lower Saxony in 1982 , he went to the Lower Saxon Internatsgymnasium -LRB- boarding school -RRB- in Bederkesa , where he took his Abitur in 1989 .
â I said I wanted to become a member of the CDU '' , explaining that his father was a Conservative , although none of his parents were involved in party politics .
McAllister was born in West Berlin on 12 January 1971 to a Scottish father and a German mother .
David McAllister was raised bilingual and attended a British primary school in Berlin .
I did all my school in Germany and my military service in Germany . ''
David James `` Mac '' McAllister -LRB- born 12 January 1971 -RRB- is a German politician of the conservative Christian Democratic Union -LRB- CDU -RRB- .
On 1 July 2010 he was elected Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony , succeeding Christian Wulff , who resigned following his election as President of Germany .
Holding dual citizenship , he could have relinquished his German citizenship to avoid compulsory military service in Germany -LRB- the UK does n't have compulsory military service -RRB- , but opted to serve instead .
My parents said , â What do you want for your birthday ?
In 1994 , McAllister became local chairman of the CDU youth organization , Junge Union , in the Cuxhaven district .
From 1991 â `` 96 he studied law with a scholarship of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation at the University of Hanover .
He is married to Dunja McAllister , who is also a lawyer .
In 2005 , Chancellor Angela Merkel offered him the position of Secretary General of the CDU , but McAllister declined , arguing he did not want to rise too far too fast .
In the United Kingdom , McAllister is a supporter of the Conservative Party .
From 1996 till 2010 , McAllister was a member of the Cuxhaven district council -LRB- Kreistag -RRB- .
Proud of his Scottish heritage , McAllister proposed to his wife at Loch Ness , and married in August 2003 , wearing a kilt .
They have two daughters named Jamie Elizabeth and Mia Louise .
Of German and Scottish descent , McAllister leads a state that has historic ties to Britain , as the historic Kingdom of Hanover makes up parts of the state and the state capital is Hanover City .
He later explained it was a family tradition .
A lawyer by profession , he has served as the chairman of the CDU parliamentary group in the Landtag of Lower Saxony from 2003 to 2010 and was elected chairman of the state party in 2008 .
He lives in Bad Bederkesa in the district of Cuxhaven .
Since 2010 , he is also a member of the supervisory board of Volkswagen .
He was subsequently also appointed to the supervisory board of Volkswagen , the largest company of Lower Saxony and of which the state of Lower Saxony is a major stockholder .
On 4 June 2010 , he was designated by his party to succeed Christian Wulff as Minister-President of Lower Saxony , if the latter was to be elected President of Germany on 30 June .
McAllister has said that `` my upbringing in West Berlin may have had an impact on my resentment towards communists .
A solar cell -LRB- also called photovoltaic cell or photoelectric cell -RRB- is a solid state device that converts the energy of sunlight directly into electricity by the photovoltaic effect .
The nearest villages are Hopesay and Aston-on-Clun .
Burrow is a hill in Shropshire with an Iron Age hill fort at the summit known as Burrow Camp .
It was possibly of high significance during the Iron Age as it has two natural springs .
Villes-sur-Auzon is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Takao Nishiyama -LRB- born January 7 , 1942 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Orselina is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Highland is a city in Sharp County , Arkansas , United States .
Paul Menard -LRB- born August 21 , 1980 -RRB- is a NASCAR driver currently competing in the Sprint Cup Series .
He currently drives the # 27 Menards Chevrolet in both the Sprint Cup for Richard Childress Racing and runs part-time for Kevin Harvick Inc. in the Nationwide Series .
Max Mirnyi -LRB- ; born 6 July 1977 , in Minsk -RRB- is a professional tennis player from Belarus .
He holds seven Grand Slam titles : men 's doubles in the 2000 and 2002 US Open and 2005 and 2006 French Open ; and mixed doubles in the 1998 and 2007 U.S. Opens and 1998 Wimbledon .
The `` Cat Who '' books center around the life of former newspaper reporter , James Qwilleran , and his two Siamese cats , KoKo and Yum Yum , in the fictitious small town of Pickax located in Moose County `` 400 miles north of everywhere . ''
Lilian Jackson Braun -LRB- born 1913 -RRB- is an American writer , well-known for her light-hearted series of `` The Cat Who ... '' mystery novels .
The other anomalies can hence be calculated .
The mean anomaly is one of three angular parameters -LRB- `` anomalies '' -RRB- that define a position along an orbit ; the other two being the eccentric anomaly and the true anomaly .
Montmerle-sur-Sa Ã ne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Once Upon a Time in the West is a 1968 Italian epic spaghetti western film directed by Sergio Leone for Paramount Pictures . It stars Henry Fonda cast against type as the villain , Charles Bronson as his nemesis , Jason Robards as a bandit , and Claudia Cardinale as a newly widowed homesteader with a past as a prostitute .
Milton is a city in Van Buren County , Iowa , United States .
Gehrig set several major league records .
Henry Louis `` Lou '' Gehrig -LRB- June 19 , 1903 â `` June 2 , 1941 -RRB- , nicknamed `` The Iron Horse '' for his durability , was an American Major League Baseball first baseman .
He played his entire 17-year baseball career for the New York Yankees -LRB- 1923 â `` 1939 -RRB- .
This subtemplate is supposed to be empty .
The sickle-claws of the dromaeosaurid Deinonychus have a curvature of 160 degrees , well within the range of climbing animals .
It is now known that at least some , and probably all , dromaeosaurids were covered in feathers , including large , vaned , wing and tail feathers .
Ostrom compared Deinonychus to the ostrich and cassowary .
Like other theropods , dromaeosaurids were bipedal ; that is , they walked on their hind legs .
Dromaeosaurids were small to medium-sized dinosaurs , ranging from about 0.7 meters in length -LRB- 2.3 ft , in the case of Mahakala -RRB- to over 6 m -LRB- 20 ft , in Utahraptor and Achillobator -RRB- .
Turner et al . also inferred that flight evolved only in the Avialae , and these two points suggested that the ancestral dromaeosaurid could not glide or fly .
The enlarged second toe bore an unusually large , curved sickle-shaped claw -LRB- held off the ground or ` retracted ' when walking -RRB- , which is thought to have been used in capturing prey and climbing trees -LRB- see `` Claw function '' below -RRB- .
He noted that the bird species can inflict serious injury with the large claw on the second toe .
Martin asserted for decades that birds were unrelated to maniraptorans , but in 2004 he changed his position , and now he agrees that the two are the closest of relatives .
The depiction of the dromaeosaurid in the original Jurassic Park film , while accurate for its time , is now known to have been inaccurate in many respects , including the lack of feathers .
However , the dimensions of the Velociraptor in the film are much larger than the largest members of that genus .
In 2002 , Hwang and colleagues utilized the work of Norell et al . , including new characters and better fossil evidence , to determine that birds -LRB- avialans -RRB- were better thought of as cousins to the dromaeosaurids and troodontids .
The authorship of the family Dromaeosauridae is credited to William Diller Matthew and Barnum Brown , who erected it as a subfamily -LRB- Dromaeosaurinae -RRB- of the family Deinodontidae in 1922 , containing only the new genus Dromaeosaurus .
Some may have grown larger ; undescribed specimens of Utahraptor in BYU collections belonged to individuals that may have reached up to 11 m long , though these await more detailed study .
Xu and colleagues in 2003 cited the basal position of Microraptor , along with feather and wing features , as evidence that the ancestral dromaeosaur could glide .
Many other dromaeosaurid fossils have been found with feathers covering their bodies , some with fully-developed feathered wings .
Another species of dromaeosaurid , Microraptor gui , may have been capable of gliding using its well-developed wings on both the fore and hind limbs .
Most of the tail vertebrae bear bony , rod-like extensions , as well as bony tendons in some species .
In 2002 , Hwang et al . found that Microraptor was the most primitive dromaeosaur .
A consensus of paleontologists has concluded that there is not yet enough evidence to determine whether any dromaeosaurs could fly or glide , or whether they evolved from ancestors that could .
The first , Rahonavis ostromi -LRB- originally classified as avian bird , but found to be a dromaeosaurid in later studies -RRB- may have been capable of powered flight , as indicated by its long forelimbs with evidence of quill knob attachments for long sturdy flight feathers .
Velociraptor , a dromaeosaurid , gained much attention after it was featured prominently in the 1993 Steven Spielberg film Jurassic Park .
It has been proposed that this tail was used as a stabilizer and\/or counterweight while running or in the air ; in Microraptor , an elongate diamond-shaped fan of feathers is preserved on the end of the tail .
The ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least two dromaeosaurid species .
However , one well-preserved specimen of Velociraptor mongoliensis -LRB- IGM 100\/986 -RRB- has an articulated tail skeleton that is curved horizontally in a long S-shape .
The current consensus among paleontologists agrees with the findings of Hwang et al . -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ; that dromaeosaurids are most closely related to the troodontids , and together with the troodontids form the clade Deinonychosauria .
Dromaeosauridae , along with Troodontidae , make up the infraorder Deinonychosauria .
Both the first and second toes on each foot of B. bondoc were also held retracted and bore enlarged , sickle-shaped claws .
Martin believes that maniraptorans are secondarily flightless birds , and that birds evolved from nonâ `` dinosaurian archosaurs , so that most of the species formerly called theropods would now not even be classified as dinosaurs .
Dromaeosauridae was first defined as a clade by Paul Sereno in 1998 , as the most inclusive natural group containing Dromaeosaurus but not Troodon , Ornithomimus or Passer .
A possible third lineage of giant dromaeosaurs is represented by isolated teeth found on the Isle of Wight , England .
While Jurassic Park III attempted to address this last oversight by adding quill-like structures around the head of some of its dromaeosaurs , they did not resemble the structure or distribution of actual dromaeosaurid feathers known from fossil remains .
Other researchers , like Larry Martin believe that dromaeosaurs , along with all maniraptorans are not dinosaurs at all .
This had been interpreted as evidence that these dromaeosaurs hunted in coordinated packs like some modern mammals .
Previous studies had shown that the amount of curvature in a claw corresponded to what lifestyle the animal has : animals with strongly curved claws of a certain shape tend to be climbers , while straighter claws indicate ground-dwelling lifestyles .
Other fossils , which do not preserve actual impressions of feathers , still preserve the associated bumps on the forearm bones where long wing feathers would have attached in life .
Deinonychus fossils have been uncovered in small groups near the remains of the herbivore Tenontosaurus , a larger ornithischian dinosaur .
The forelimbs of Rahonavis were more powerfully built than Archaeopteryx , and show evidence that they bore strong ligament attachments necessary for flapping flight .
Luis Chiappe concluded that , given these adaptations , Rahonavis could probably fly but would have been more clumsy in the air than modern birds .
However , not all paleontologists found the evidence conclusive , and a subsequent study published in 2007 by Roach and Brinkman suggests that the Deinonychus may have actually displayed a disorganized mobbing behavior .
Michael Crichton adopted this synonymization of the two genera in his novels , on which the first two films were based .
The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw , and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing .
However , whereas other theropods walked with three toes contacting the ground , fossilized footprint tracks confirm that most dromaeosaurids held the second toe off the ground in a hyperextended position , with only the third and fourth toes bearing the weight of the animal .
Overall , this feather pattern looks very much like Archaeopteryx .
When John Ostrom described it for Deinonychus in 1969 , he interpreted the claw as a blade-like slashing weapon , much like the canines of some saber-toothed cats , used with powerful kicks to cut into prey .
There is currently disagreement about the function of the enlarged `` sickle claw '' on the second toe .
Dromaeosaurids also appear in many of The Land Before Time films , beginning with the third .
One dromaeosaur species , Balaur bondoc , also possessed a first toe which was highly modified in parallel with the second .
Chatterjee also found that Microraptor had the basic requirements to sustain level powered flight in addition to gliding .
In that case the larger dromaeosaurs would be secondarily terrestrialâ '' having lost the ability to glide later in their evolutionary history .
A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of Microraptor functioned like a split-level `` biplane '' , and that it likely employed a phugoid style of gliding , in which it would launch from a perch and swoop downward in a ` U ' shaped curve , then lift again to land on another tree , with the tail and hind wings helping to control its position and speed .
The interpretation of the sickle claw as a killing weapon applied to all dromaeosaurids .
Microraptor even shows evidence of a second pair of wings on the hind legs .
The forelimb claws they studied also fell within the climbing range of curvature .
The dromaeosaurids Rahonavis and Velociraptor have both been found with quill knobs , showing that these forms had feathers despite no impressions having been found .
The cassowary has claws up to 125 m long .
A challenge to all of these alternative scenarios came when Turner and colleagues in 2007 described a new dromaeosaurid , Mahakala , which they found to be the most basal and most primitive member of the Dromaeosauridae , more primitive than Microraptor .
Mahakala is both the most primitive dromaeosaurid ever described and the smallest .
Based on this cladistic analysis , Mahakala suggests that the ancestral condition for dromaeosaurids is non-volant .
Mahakala had short arms and no ability to glide .
In Manning 's interpretation , the second toe claw would be used as a climbing aid when subduing bigger prey and also as stabbing weapon .
Some dromaeosaurid fossils preserve long , pennaceous feathers on the hands and arms -LRB- remiges -RRB- and tail -LRB- rectrices -RRB- , as well as shorter , down-like feathers covering the body .
In his study of Deinonychus , Ostrom proposed that these features stiffened the tail so that it could only flex at the base , and the whole tail would then move as a single , rigid , lever .
Adams -LRB- 1987 -RRB- suggested that the talon was used to disembowel large ceratopsian dinosaurs .
The individuals were spaced about one meter apart , and retained the same direction of travel , walking at a fairly slow pace .
While the trackways clearly do not represent hunting behavior , the idea that groups of dromaeosaurs may have hunted together could not be ruled out .
As late as 2001 , Mark Norell and colleagues analyzed a large survey of coelurosaur fossils and produced the tentative result that dromaeosaurids were most closely related to birds , with troodontids as a more distant outgroup .
This evidence , combined with the small size of other primitive relatives such as Microraptor and the troodontid Anchiornis , indicates that the common ancestor of dromaeosaurids , troodontids , and birds â `` which is called the ancestral paravian â `` may have been very small , at around 65 cm in length and 600 to 700 grams of mass.
Deinonychosaurians in turn are the sister taxon to avialans , and therefore the closest relatives of avialan birds .
This may have been used as an aerodynamic stabilizer and rudder during gliding and\/or powered flight -LRB- see `` Flight and gliding '' below -RRB- .
The Manning team also compared the curvature of the dromaeosarid `` sickle claw '' on the foot with curvature in modern birds and mammals .
While direct feather impressions are only possible in fine-grained sediments , some fossils found in coarser rocks show evidence of feathers by the presence of quill knobs , the attachment points for wing feathers possessed by some birds .
Robert Bakker recalled that Spielberg had been disappointed with the dimensions of Velociraptor and so upsized it , adding that soon afterwards he named Utahraptor which was more the size depicted , or larger .
In addition to confirming the hypothesis that the sickle-claw was held retracted off the ground , the trackway -LRB- made by a large , Achillobator-sized species -RRB- showed evidence of six individuals of about equal size moving together along a shoreline .
This development , first hypothesized in the mid-late 1980s and confirmed by fossil discoveries in 1999 , represents a significant change in the way dromaeosaurids have historically been depicted in art and film -LRB- see â Feathersâ below -RRB- .
Paleontologist Peter Mackovicky commented on the Manning team 's study , stating that small , primitive dromaeosaurids -LRB- such as Microraptor -RRB- were likely to have been tree-climbers , but that climbing did not explain why later , gigantic dromaeosaurids such as Achillobator retained highly curved claws when they were too large to have climbed trees .
The teeth belong to an animal the size of the dromaeosaurine Utahraptor , but they appear to belong to velociraptorines , judging by the shape of the teeth .
This suggests that , in life , the tail could bend from side to side with a substantial degree of flexibility .
Dromaeosaurids had long tails .
The authors of the paper describing these footprints interpreted the trackways as evidence that some species of dromaeosaurs lived in groups .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat roosts in the caves of limestone hills , far from the entrance .
The wings seem to be shaped for hovering flight , and the gut contents of specimens do include spiders and insects that are presumably gleaned off foliage .
During feeding periods , the young either stays in the roost or remains attached to the mother at one of her two vestigial pubic nipples .
There is a large web of skin between the hind legs -LRB- the uropatagium -RRB- which may assist in flying and catching insects , although there are no tail bones or calcars to help control it in flight .
Its common name refers to its discoverer , Thai zoologist Kitti Thonglongya .
In Thailand , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is restricted to a small region of Kanchanaburi Province , within the drainage basin of the Khwae Noi River .
While many caves contain only 10 to 15 individuals , the average group size is 100 , with a maximum of about 500 .
Individuals roost high on walls or roof domes , far apart from each other .
Threats to the Burmese population are not well known .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat -LRB- Craseonycteris thonglongyai -RRB- , also known as the bumblebee bat , is a vulnerable species of bat and the only member of the family Craseonycteridae .
Late in the dry season -LRB- around April -RRB- of each year , females give birth to a single offspring .
Soon after the bat 's discovery in the 1970s , some roosting sites became disturbed as a result of tourism , scientific collection , and even the collection and sale of individuals as souvenirs .
During this period , the bat forages within fields of cassava and kapok or around the tops of bamboo clumps and teak trees , within one kilometre of the roosting site .
Another potential risk is the activity of local monks , who have occupied roost caves during periods of meditation .
However , these pressures may not have had a significant effect on the species as a whole , since many small colonies exist in hard-to-access locations , and only a few major caves were disturbed .
In 2007 , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat was identified by the Evolutionarily Distinct and Globally Endangered -LRB- EDGE -RRB- project as one of its Top 10 `` focal species '' .
The bat 's upperparts are reddish-brown or gray , while the underside is generally paler .
While the Sai Yok National Park contains much of the bat 's range , some Thai populations occur outside the park and are therefore unprotected .
The dental formula is 1:1:1:3 in the upper jaw and 2:1:2:3 in the lower jaw , with large upper incisors .
Currently , the most significant and long-term threat to the Thai population could be the annual burning of forest areas , which is most prevalent during the bat 's breeding season .
The Thai and Burmese populations are morphologically identical , but their echolocation calls are distinct .
These short flights are easily interrupted by heavy rain or cold temperatures .
The bat feeds during short activity periods in the evening and dawn , foraging around nearby forest areas for insects .
Nevertheless , most prey is probably caught in flight .
Colonies range greatly in size , with an average of 100 individuals per cave .
Based on this determination , the bat 's closest relatives are members of the families Hipposideridae and Rhinopomatidae .
Despite having two caudal vertebrae , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat has no visible tail .
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves .
Main staples of the bat 's diet include small flies -LRB- Chloropidae , Agromyzidae , and Anthomyiidae -RRB- , hymenopterans , and psocopterans .
It is not known whether the two populations are reproductively isolated .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat occupies the limestone caves along rivers , within dry evergreen or deciduous forests .
Its teeth are typical of an insectivorous bat .
The wings are relatively large and darker in color , with long tips that allow the bat to hover .
Since the 2001 discovery of a single individual in Burma , at least nine separate sites have been identified in the limestone outcrops outside the Thanlwin , Ataran , and Gyaing Rivers of Kayin and Mon States .
It has a reddish-brown or gray coat , with a distinctive pig-like snout .
In addition , the proposed construction of a pipeline from Burma to Thailand may have a negative impact .
The bat has a distinctive swollen , pig-like snout with thin , vertical nostrils .
Thonglongya worked with a British partner , John E. Hill , in classifying bats of Thailand ; after Thonglongya died suddenly in February 1974 , Hill formally described the species , giving it the binomial name Craseonycteris thonglongyai in honor of his colleague .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat was unknown to the world at large prior to 1974 .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat has a brief activity period , leaving its roost for only 30 minutes in the evening and 20 minutes at dawn .
Its ears are relatively large , while its eyes are small and mostly concealed by fur .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is the only extant species in the family Craseonycteridae , which is grouped in the superfamily Rhinolophoidea as a result of molecular testing .
It occurs in western Thailand and southeast Burma , where it occupies limestone caves along rivers .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is the smallest species of bat and the world 's smallest mammal .
As of the species ' most recent review in 2008 , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is listed by the IUCN as vulnerable , with a downward population trend .
The other two WHA teams -LRB- Birmingham Bulls and Cincinnati Stingers -RRB- were paid to disband .
The 1979 â `` 80 NHL season was the 63rd season of the National Hockey League .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
The Edmonton Oilers , Winnipeg Jets , New England Whalers -LRB- later renamed `` Hartford Whalers '' at the insistence of the Boston Bruins -RRB- , and Quebec Nordiques joined the NHL bringing a new total of 21 teams .
This season saw the addition of four teams from the collapse of the World Hockey Association -LRB- WHA -RRB- the previous season as expansion franchises .
Marlin has already held Nemo back one year from starting school , but Nemo finally convinces his dad to let him go this year . On his first day of school , Nemo disobeys his father and ventures away from the reef to touch the bottom of a boat .
Overcome with despair , Marlin leaves Dory and swims back toward his home . Without Marlin , Dory loses her memory and becomes confused , but meets Nemo , who has escaped into the ocean through an underwater drain pipe .
During the World Cup , the stadium was referred to as ` Durban Stadium ' .
The Moses Mabhida Stadium is a stadium in Durban , South Africa , named after Moses Mabhida , a former General Secretary of the South African Communist Party .
It was one of the host stadiums for the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
It is the most southerly island of the Tuscan Archipelago and a frazione of the comune of Isola del Giglio .
Its tourist attractions include Villa Domizia , an ancient Roman seaside villa .
Giannutri is a small island in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Tuscany , Italy .
Die Welt -LRB- literally : The World -RRB- is a German national daily newspaper published by the Axel Springer AG company .
Pedro Zaballa BarquÃ n -LRB- 29 July 1938 â `` 4 June 1997 -RRB- was a Spanish footballer who played for FC Barcelona between 1961 and 1967 , and scored the 2000th goal for Barcelona in La Liga .
Imperial is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities , the Association of MBAs , the European University Association , the G5 , the IDEA League , the League of European Research Universities , Oak Ridge Associated Universities and the Russell Group .
Formerly a constituent college of the federal University of London , Imperial became fully independent in 2007 , the 100th anniversary of its founding .
Key sources of income included Â # 296.8 million from research grants and contracts -LRB- 2008\/09 - Â # 286.8 million -RRB- , Â # 172.2 million from Funding Council grants -LRB- 2008\/09 - Â # 178.4 million -RRB- , Â # 120.9 million from academic fees and support grants -LRB- 2008\/09 - Â # 108.8 million -RRB- and Â # 15.0 million from endowment and investment income -LRB- 2008\/09 - Â # 13.3 million -RRB- . During the 2009\/10 financial year Imperial had a capital expenditure of Â # 115 million -LRB- 2008\/09 - Â # 115 million -RRB- .
Imperial is ranked 26th in the world -LRB- and 5th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 7th in the world -LRB- and 4th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings , and 9th in the world -LRB- and 3rd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
Imperial 's main campus is located in the South Kensington area of Central London on the boundary between the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the City of Westminster , with its main entrance on Exhibition Road .
Imperial has around 13,500 full-time students and 3,330 academic and research staff and had a total income of Â # 694 million in 2009\/10 , of which Â # 297 million was from research grants and contracts .
He is now a professor at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana .
Later , he worked as a researcher at the University of Freiburg .
Janko Prunk -LRB- born December 30 , 1942 -RRB- is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
Prunk has been actively involved in politics .
In 1976 , he obtained his PhD with a thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which was still a controversial topic at that time .
Prunk was born in the small settlement of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu -LRB- part of the municipality of Sevnica -RRB- , in central Slovenia , which was then the German-occupied Lower Styria .
As an early admirer of JoÅ 3\/4 e PuÄ nik , Prunk joined the Democratic Opposition of Slovenia after the democratization of Slovenia .
Between 1992 and 1993 , Prunk served as Minister for Slovenes outside Slovenia and National Minorities in Slovenia in the first coalition cabinet of Janez DrnovÅ ek .
Janko Prunk has written over 400 specialized articles , and 15 books , since 1966 .
His book , A brief history of Slovenia : Historical background of the Republic of Slovenia , is one of the most comprehensive works on modern Slovenian history .
He has also written on the history of political movements in Slovenia from the end of 19th century until World War II , especially about Slovene Christian socialism and the history of Slovenian national questions .
Prunk is a member of Institute of European History in Mainz , and a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn .
He has published articles and monographs on analytical politology , modern history , the genesis of modern political formations , and the history of social and political philosophy in Slovenia .
He was an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Party -LRB- known as Slovenian Social Democratic Party between 1989 and 2003 -RRB- .
After the split with the party , he became very critical of the then Prime Minister Janez JanÅ a , whom he accused of being a `` liberal with an authoritative touch , who aspires at becoming a Slovenian PiÅ sudski '' .
From 1966 to 1995 , he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
He obtained his Master 's degree from University of Ljubljana in 1972 .
In 1984 and 1988 , Prunk was awarded scholarships by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , which enabled him to continue his studies in Cologne and Freiburg .
Between 2004 and 2008 , he served as chairman of the Slovenian Democratic Party 's internal Committee for Education Policies . He resigned in 2008 because of disagreements over the Government 's policy favoring private universities .
Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth is a hamlet in Lincolnshire , England .
It is probably best known as the birthplace of Sir Isaac Newton .
The following teams and drivers competed in the 2001 FIA Formula One World Championship .
Drivers did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
The Prost and Benetton names would disappear from the sport at the end of 2001 ; Prost folded due to a lack of finances while Benetton was rebranded as Renault after the French manufacturer bought the team outright .
After four years out of the sport , Renault returned to supply engines to the Benetton team , while Michelinâ s comeback as a tyre supplier would provide Bridgestone with competition for the first time since Goodyear left the sport at the end of the 1998 season .
Wilson da Silva Piazza , surnamed Piazza , -LRB- born 25 February 1943 in RibeirÃ # o das Neves -RRB- , is a former football player from Brazil .
Odawara Castle is a landmark in the city of Odawara in Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan .
Carbonation is the process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water .
Greensburg is a city in Green County , Kentucky , United States .
A compact fluorescent lamp -LRB- CFL -RRB- , also known as a compact fluorescent light or energy saving light -LRB- or less commonly as a compact fluorescent tube -RRB- , is a type of fluorescent lamp .
Many CFLs are designed to replace an incandescent lamp and can fit into most existing light fixtures formerly used for incandescents .
In the United States , a CFL has a higher purchase price than an incandescent lamp , but can save over US$ 40 in electricity costs over the lamp 's lifetime .
Black light CFLs , those with UVA generating phosphor , are much more efficient than incandescent black light lamps , since the amount of UV light that the filament of the incandescent lamp produces is only a fraction of the generated spectrum .
Compared to general service incandescent lamps giving the same amount of visible light , CFLs use less power and have a longer rated life .
The C14 Timberwolf MRSWS -LRB- Medium Range Sniper Weapon System -RRB- is a manually operated bolt action sniper rifle built by the Canadian arms company PGW Defense Technologies Inc. .
Rocquancourt is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The first football club in Chesterfield was formed as Chesterfield Town F.C. in the late 1860s .
The name `` equinox '' is derived from the Latin aequus -LRB- equal -RRB- and nox -LRB- night -RRB- , because around the equinox , the night and day have approximately equal length .
An equinox occurs twice a year , when the tilt of the Earth 's axis is inclined neither away from nor towards the Sun , the center of the Sun being in the same plane as the Earth 's equator . The term equinox can also be used in a broader sense , meaning the date when such a passage happens .
Baby blue -LRB- displayed at right -RRB- is a shade of blue , one of the pastel colors .
Beau blue is a light tone of baby blue .
Baby blue eyes is a rich tone of baby blue .
The first recorded use of baby blue as a color name in English was in 1892 .
A literal English translation of the German word `` Kindergarten '' would be `` children garden , '' but in English the expression refers to the school year between pre-school and first grade .
Literal translation , or direct translation , is the rendering of text from one language to another `` word-for-word '' -LRB- Latin : `` verbum pro verbo '' -RRB- rather than conveying the sense of the original . -LRB- This distinction is valid only when a literal translation does not accurately convey the sense , which is not invariably true . -RRB-
To the south , across the Sumba strait , is Sumba and to the north , beyond the Flores Sea , is Sulawesi .
To the southeast is Timor .
Flores is located east of Sumbawa and Komodo and west of Lembata and the Alor Archipelago .
On December 12 , 1992 , an earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale occurred , killing 2,500 people in and around Maumere , including islands off the North coast .
The population is estimated to be around 1.5 million , and the largest town is Maumere .
Flores is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands , an island arc with an estimated area of 14,300 kmÂ extending east from the Java island of Indonesia .
Thallium -LRB- I -RRB- iodide is , like all thallium compounds , highly toxic .
Fajardo is spread over 7 wards and Downtown Fajardo -LRB- commonly called by the locals `` Fajardo Pueblo '' -RRB- , which serves as the administrative center of the city .
Fajardo is a small city in Puerto Rico located in the east region of the island , bordering the Atlantic Ocean , north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo .
This category contains articles on Television program .
Due to their different approaches to a common subject , many misunderstandings have arisen between Newton 's mathematical understanding of optics , and Goethe 's experiential approach .
Confronting it is the darkness '' -LRB- Letter to Jacobi -RRB- .
The blue of the sky reveals to us the basic law of color .
With white above a dark boundary , we observe the light extending a blue-violet edge into the dark area ; whereas dark above a light boundary results in a red-yellow edge extending into the light area .
He observed that light seen through a turbid medium appears yellow , and darkness seen through an illuminated medium appears blue .
Goethe was not interested in Newton 's analytic treatment of color - but he presented an excellent rational description of the phenomenon of human color perception .
Search nothing beyond the phenomena , they themselves are the theory . ''
Science has come to understand the distinction between the optical spectrum , as observed by Newton , and the phenomenon of human color perception as presented by Goethe - a subject analyzed at length by Wittgenstein in his exegesis of Goethe in Remarks on Colour .
-LRB- Steiner , 1897 -RRB-
When viewed through a prism , the orientation of a light-dark boundary with respect to the prism 's axis is significant .
In his book , Goethe provides a general exposition of how color is perceived in a variety of circumstances , and considers Isaac Newton 's observations to be special cases .
Its influence extends primarily to the art world , especially among the Pre-Raphaelites .
J. M. W. Turner studied it comprehensively , and referenced it in the titles of several paintings -LRB- Bockemuhl , 1991 -RRB- .
At a certain distance , these edges overlap .
When these edges overlap in a light spectrum , green results ; when they overlap in a dark spectrum , magenta results .
Mitchell Feigenbaum had even said , ` Goethe had been right about color ! '
For Newton , all the colors already exist in white light , and the prism merely fans them out according to their refrangibility .
For Goethe , light is `` the simplest most undivided most homogenous being that we know .
Based on his experiments with turbid media , Goethe characterized color as arising from the dynamic interplay of darkness and light .
With a dark spectrum -LRB- i.e. a shadow surrounded by light -RRB- , we find violet-blue along the top edge , and red-yellow along the bottom edge â `` where these edges overlap , we find magenta .
He saw only reddish-yellow edges and blue-cyan edges with white between them , and the spectrum arose only where these edges came close enough to overlap .
With a light spectrum , coming out of the prism , one sees a shaft of light surrounded by dark .
Goethe sought to show that , as a turbid medium , the prism was an integral factor in the arising of color .
We find yellow-red colors along the top edge , and blue-violet colors along the bottom edge .
Goethe 's concern was not so much with the analytic measurement of color phenomenon , as with the qualities of how phenomena are perceived .
Unlike his contemporaries , Goethe did n't see darkness as an absence of light , but rather as polar to and interacting with light ; color resulted from this interaction of light and shadow .
He felt that this arising of color at light-dark boundaries was fundamental to the creation of the spectrum -LRB- which he considered to be a compound phenomenon -RRB- .
-LRB- Ribe & Steinle , 2002 -RRB- .
Whereas Newton narrowed the beam of light in order to isolate the phenomenon , Goethe observed that with a wider aperture , there was no spectrum .
The spectrum with green in the middle arises only where the blue-violet edges overlap the yellow-red edges .
Although Goethe 's work was never well received by physicists , a number of philosophers and physicists have been known to have concerned themselves with it , including Arthur Schopenhauer , Kurt GÃ del , Werner Heisenberg , Ludwig Wittgenstein , and Hermann von Helmholtz .
Newton explains `` the fact that all the colors appear only when the prism is at a certain distance from the screen , whereas the middle otherwise is white ... -LRB- by saying -RRB- the more strongly diverted lights from the upper part of the image and the more weakly diverted ones from the lower part fall together in the middle and mix into white .
It contains some of the earliest published descriptions of phenomena such as colored shadows , refraction , and chromatic aberration .
In both cases , he found that the yellow and blue edges remain closest to the side which is light , and red and violet edges remain closest to the side which is dark .
The colors appear only at the edges because there none of the more strongly diverted parts of the light from above can fall into the most weakly diverted parts of the light , and none of the more weakly diverted ones from below can fall into the most strongly diverted ones . ''
For Goethe , `` the highest is to understand that all fact is really theory .
Starting from these observations , he began numerous experiments , observing the effects of darkening and lightening on the perception of color in many different circumstances .
For him , the spectrum could be explained by the simpler phenomena of color arising from the interaction of light and dark edges .
Theory of Colours -LRB- original German title , Zur Farbenlehre -RRB- is a book by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published in 1810 .
Goethe 's studies of color began with subjective experiments which examined the effects of turbid media on the perception of light and dark .
Goethe recorded the sequence of colors projected at various distances from a prism for both cases -LRB- see Plate IV , Theory of Colours -RRB- .
Because Newton understands white light to be composed of individual colors , and Goethe sees color arising from the interaction of light and dark , they come to different conclusions on the question : is the optical spectrum a primary or a compound phenomenon ?
The editor of the Kurschner edition of Goethe 's works gives the following analogy :
Goethe was intrigued by this difference .
Wassily Kandinsky considered Goethe 's theory `` one of the most important works . ''
Since the color phenomenon relies on the adjacency of light and dark , there are two ways to produce a spectrum : with a light beam in a dark room , and with a dark beam -LRB- i.e. a shadow -RRB- in a light room .
Many users do n't understand how to watch the History listing to see if an article is quiet now , unchanged for weeks , and can be safely edited for hours with no one else making changes .
First , there is a heavy cost to the numerous revisions .
There might be no safe way to save revisions , or get talk-page consensus , under those circumstances .
Several simple steps could be taught :
Let the bots analyze small problems , or even count the occurrences of lowercase `` english '' and such , but those bots should wait to fix minor issues , limiting severe precision to a few times a year , and then fix all problems with one revision to each article , at that later time .
Not every group of other editors is cooperative ; sometimes , cliques of other users can act like inner-wiki -LRB- `` inner-city '' -RRB- gangs that live by their code , while outsiders receive pre-calculated treatment .
Some users do n't even realize how the extra revisions pile-up , expanding as a long list under the History tab of past revisions .
Internally , the article history could record a hacking as a `` Try '' followed by an `` Erase '' so that the list of revisions would not show either transaction under the `` History '' tab when listing all the true revisions .
Either move on to other articles , or else , contact an admin or WikiProject that might help the balance of power .
It might help to explain to users that creating an offline version of an article can allow more time for completing broad revisions , but then simply merge , into that new text , any other user changes that have been made meanwhile .
Long lists of revisions showing hackings\/jokes , each followed by instant-reverts , can cause the History listing of revisions to become much longer .
For example , a bot that capitalizes the word `` english '' to be `` English '' assumes that people never use the word in any other manner , such as `` putting english '' -LRB- a spin -RRB- on a billiard ball .
Users often just change a phrase & save , change a phrase & save , etc. .
Beyond just planning enhancements , it can be easier to create entire articles offline .
As of , the article count is articles , with total revisions , giving an average of ' revisions per article .
Such a re-created article could retain the major detailed differences , showing how the article evolved , but omit the thousands of minor interim revisions that clutter a step-by-step viewing of each next revision .
The goal of Wikipedia is to have a well-written encyclopedia .
Those recreated revisions should copy the edit-summary line from the actual old revisions , but also include text identifying each original user + date .
It is an utter myth that `` Every article gets vandalized '' -LRB- not true -RRB- : many articles go years without ever being hacked .
Seek to have a `` clean car '' , and focus on issues such as dents or tree limbs falling on a car .
The database transaction log could handle the erase as a delete of that particular revision .
You are not discouraged from reading or editing Wikipedia for this reason .
Obviously , each transaction must be recorded , short-term , to allow backup\/recovery of the edited articles , in the event of storage failure mid-way before the erase took effect .
However , numerous low-traffic articles have gone years without being hacked .
Each of the above actions is elaborated below , to explain the particular techniques for reducing revisions .
Sometimes , it is not easy or even possible to get the permanently planned revision made in a single edit .
I 've noticed several new users , while greatly expanding a low-traffic article , will keep saving every new phrase as though other users might pounce , at any minute , on the revised article before the next desperate SAVE is made .
Even if the minor revisions were actually left in storage , perhaps they could be bypassed when listing all other article revisions .
After 2007 , it became possible to restored a deleted article , so in the event of a major misunderstanding , any deleted article can be restored by an admin .
This can be the case when the edit contains a huge amount of information , or when it is difficult to enter all the text at once .
This can not be accomplished in one day , or in a single edit for each article .
Pruning , or erasing -LRB- deleting -RRB- , minor revisions might require modifying Wikipedia policies or enhancing the underlying MediaWiki software .
Some of the Wikipedia bots , which perform repeated robotic edits to many articles , are focused on really tiny updates to articles , with some even correcting the grammar in vandalism jokes or within hacked text that will soon be removed .
When the text is copied as a new article , then all those user-space revisions could be deleted .
Many new users simply do not realize they can combine their edits as one SAVE , using a longer edit-summary line .
The Wikimedia Foundation , which operates Wikipedia , is non-profit organization .
Some issues to consider :
An effective way to actually erase many old revisions is to rename an old article , by creating the new name as a new article , then copy -LRB- not move -RRB- the article to become a brand-new entry in article-space .
Perhaps the easiest way to actually erase old revisions is to create a new article within the user-space for a particular user , then copy -LRB- not move -RRB- the article to become a brand-new entry in article-space .
The quality of writing is also at stake .
That 's what this is for , and funds have been allocated for this purpose , provided they are used responsibly .
The tendency to rapidly revert vandalism , as though the whole world has stopped breathing , has made it difficult for other users to also enhance those articles while correcting hacked text .
Even though that re-creation , of major revisions , might seem extreme , many hundreds\/thousands of minor revisions would be omitted , representing years of edits with just a few dozen recreated , major -LRB- non-trivial -RRB- revisions .
Its continued operation relies solely on private donations .
Some issues to note :
Some issues to note :
Progress could be measured by comparing those averages against a future , anticipated reduction in average revisions per article .
Some kinds of vandalism go unnoticed for months , sometimes over 6 months , so there is no hurry to revert all hackings made in low-traffic articles .
Just forget about those bird droppings , rather than log each for eternity .
If hackings can not be erased , then perhaps they could be skipped in History listings .
However , long term , it might be more efficient if the hacking + erase really disappeared from the article storage at some point .
Also , an erase could complicate the wikiserver databases , unless an erase was treated as a `` delete '' transaction in the storage .
The best compromise would be to keep an old history list in the talk-page or as a subpage '' \/ old_history '' .
Without these donations , Wikipedia could not exist .
Plan some enhancements to articles by using offline files of either notes or potential new text .
Although techniques such as deleting user-space articles and copy-renaming old articles might seem extreme , the combined effect of thousands of users , each redoing articles in their specialty , could reduce portions of Wikipedia by 10x , 100x or 1000x times fewer revisions .
However , revisions could also be pruned in advance , by several actions each user could take to avoid long-term storage of more revisions .
Skipping over the hacked + reverted revisions would condense the History listing of many high-traffic articles by about 50 % or more .
The 3-revert rule is intended to limit edit-wars during a one-day period .
But there are some issues .
Of course , thousands of revisions could be generated by renaming `` metre '' to `` meter '' or some similar minor changes .
No , other users can simply revert all those revisions , reversing days\/weeks of edits .
A special type of revert could indicate that the prior revision was merely hacked text , with the result that both the hacked + reverted entries would be skipped under a History listing .
However , unrestricted use of erase could prolong edit-wars where revisions were removed without reverting .
There is a cost to each edit , each revision stored , and each time a page is viewed even without editing .
Again , some people treasure the old stuff , like keeping decades of old , worn-out shoes , so not all articles can be pruned so easily by simply copy-renaming them into a clean , fresh name .
After that point , users taught to combine numerous small edits -LRB- in the future -RRB- , and avoid panic saving , would reduce the subsequent revision lists and omit most of the small stuff that cluttered Wikipedia during 2006 â `` 2008 .
Note that offline storage does not have the Wikipedia backup protection , so be sure to make periodic copies , if needed , for backup .
An editor who makes multiple edits to an article in an attempt to achieve his\/her final plan may view any edits before the final one as temporary revisions that will not remain very long .
It would be a lot easier to warn new users , early on , that just because they SAVE , after every change , as a new revision , those changes are not safer or , somehow , more permanent .
However , in a fight to retain the detailed differences , it might be necessary to recreate the major old revisions by a series of repeated edits , filling the wiki-edit buffer with each successive major revision , and then saving each to allow comparisons of texts .
You may wonder if it even matters that Wikipedia has such a high number of revisions .
The article revisions will not be removed from Wikipedia until the user-space article has been deleted .
Though the cost of each one is minute , with millions each day -LRB- including about 140,000 edits -RRB- , these all add up .
Bots should be denied from making those minor changes .
For large updates , planning enhancements offline could reduce total revisions by a factor of 25 -LRB- or more -RRB- , due to the focus on broad wording , while avoiding hacks to half-finished text by the tinkering of other users .
It can be very tedious , when stepping through multiple revisions , to see `` Page blanked with '' and then `` Reverted '' to show the entire text of the article changed in both revisions .
However , actually erasing specific revisions from an article might require changing , or reconfiguring , the software behind Wikipedia , the MediaWiki system .
The only permanent change is bloating Wikipedia -LRB- `` forever '' -RRB- with numerous edits , all of which get reverted .
Perhaps 50 % of all revisions are hackings\/jokes + revert : it 's not just the hacking of articles that escalates the total revisions , but the instant reverting that doubles the total revisions to recover from hacking .
Beyond a survey of prankster edits , there 's not much use to long-term logging of a hacking + revert .
When the text is copied as a new article , then all those old revisions -LRB- under the old name -RRB- could be later deleted .
It is highly debatable to allow bots to run rampant , and make opinionated conclusions about lowercase words -LRB- such as `` english '' -RRB- .
Those combined `` Try + Erase '' transactions could be removed from the system after some period of time .
Some issues to note :
It 's analogous to bird droppings : it might be beneficial to notice some short-term patterns , such as when cars parked under some trees get bombarded with bird droppings , but it is less useful to record all the millions of bird droppings , everywhere in the world , in a giant database of history listings .
The fixer-bots should be run on a rare basis , and perhaps even count how many corrections would be made to an article , then cleverly refuse to update an article just for a single minor word , unless the bot was running in a quarterly update-all-minor-issues mode .
Depending on notability or libel concerns , many hacked articles could wait -LRB- a long time -RRB- to be fixed while improving .
There are several issues to consider :
Many revisions of Wikipedia articles are very minor and could be `` pruned '' from the overall History of article revisions , to leave only the more major revisions .
But an edit history that is clogged with experimental or `` junk '' edits may become confusing , and versions that fail to meet encyclopedic standards may in the long run have a negative effect , particularly if they are not marked with tags to indicate their temporary status .
Although Wikipedia , today , has fewer than million articles -LRB- plus millions of red-link articles -RRB- , the total revisions number nearly million .
The process of erasing a revision should require some special authority to avoid edit-wars that would use erase to negate other contributions .
`` The Judas Kiss '' is the forty-third single by American heavy metal band Metallica , and the fourth from their ninth studio album , Death Magnetic .
Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 film based on the eponymous novel by Stephen King , starring Kathy Bates and Jennifer Jason Leigh .
Link then defeats Agahnim in battle but is subsequently also sent to the Dark World .
The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , known as Zelda no Densetsu : Kamigami no Triforce in Japan , is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console , and the third installment in The Legend of Zelda series .
After Link battles Agahnim for a second time , Ganon rises up from Agahnim 's body , turns into a bat , and flies away .
Link goes to rescue her but arrives too late ; Agahnim sends Zelda to the Dark World .
To save Hyrule , Link is required to rescue the seven descendants of the Seven Sages from dungeons scattered across the Dark World . Once the seven maidens are freed , they use their power to break the barrier around Ganon 's Tower , where Link faces Agahnim again .
When he arrives , he finds his uncle seriously wounded . Link 's uncle tells Link to rescue Princess Zelda from her prison , giving him a sword and shield .
Vendresse-Beaulne is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The state 's population is concentrated in South East Queensland , which includes Brisbane , Logan City , Redland City , Ipswich , Toowoomba , and the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast .
To the east , Queensland is bordered by the Coral Sea and Pacific Ocean .
The state later encouraged free settlement , and today Queensland 's economy is dominated by the agricultural , tourist and natural resource sectors .
It is bordered by the Northern Territory to the west , South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south .
Other major regional centres include Cairns , Townsville , Mackay , Rockhampton , Bundaberg , Hervey Bay , Ingham and Mount Isa .
Queensland is often nicknamed the Sunshine State , since it enjoys warm weather and a sizeable portion of the state is in the tropics .
The area that currently forms the state capital , Brisbane , was originally the Moreton Bay penal colony , intended as a place for recidivist convicts who had offended while serving out their sentences in New South Wales .
Osamu Umeyama -LRB- b. 16 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The A4 was announced -LRB- together with the iPad -RRB- on January 27 , 2010 , during Apple 's `` Latest Creation '' event .
The chip commercially debuted with the release of Apple 's iPad tablet ; followed shortly by the iPhone 4 smartphone , the 4th generation iPod Touch and the 2nd generation Apple TV . It was superseded in the second-generation iPad , released the following year , by the Apple A5 processor .
On June 7 , 2010 , Steve Jobs publicly confirmed that the iPhone 4 will contain the A4 Processor , although it is not yet known if it has the same frequency , bus width , or caches as the A4 found in the earlier produced iPad .
In the region of Gastouri -LRB- Î `` Î Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Î -RRB- to the south of the city of Corfu Greece , Empress of Austria Elisabeth of Bavaria also known as Sissi built in 1890 a summer palace with Achilles as its central theme and it is a monument to platonic romanticism . The palace , naturally , was named after Achilles : Achilleion -LRB- Î ` Ï Î Î '' Î '' Î Î Î Î 1\/2 -RRB- .
As predicted by Hector with his dying breath , Achilles was thereafter killed by Paris with an arrow -LRB- to the heel according to Statius -RRB- .
Saulchoy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Oakland Acres is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Works created before the existence of copyright and patent laws also form part of the public domain .
They may also be in the public domain in other countries as well .
Calcium bromate , Ca -LRB- BrO3 -RRB- 2 , is a salt of bromic acid and lime .
It may be prepared by the anodic oxidation of calcium bromide .
This was one of the first of Disney 's animated films to be broadcast , albeit severely edited , on television , as part of Disney 's anthology series .
The main story has to do with Dumbo and his new friends getting separated from the rest of the circus as they wander into the big city .
Now considered a Disney classic -LRB- movie critic Leonard Maltin described it as `` One of Walt Disney 's most charming animated films '' -RRB- , it has received a Special Edition 60th Anniversary Disney DVD on October 23 , 2001 , exactly 60 years after its first release .
In 2001 , a 60th Anniversary Special Edition was released .
In 2006 , a `` Big Top Edition '' of the film was released on DVD .
The next morning , Dumbo and Timothy wake up in a tree .
Dumbo 's Circus was a live-action\/puppet television series for preschool audiences that aired on The Disney Channel in the 1980s .
The crow characters in the film can be seen as African-American stereotypes .
The main character is Jumbo Jr. , a semi-anthropomorphic elephant who is cruelly nicknamed `` Dumbo '' .
Dumbo the Flying Elephant is a popular ride that appears in Walt Disney Worldâ s Magic Kingdom , Disneyland , Tokyo Disneyland , Disneyland Park -LRB- Paris -RRB- , and Hong Kong Disneyland .
He is ridiculed for his big ears , but in fact he is capable of flying by using his ears as wings .
Furthermore , their song `` When I See An Elephant Fly '' , which uses intricate wordplay in the lyrics , is more oriented to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo 's large ears .
A UK Special Edition was released in May 2007 .
However , no further announcements have been made since . The project seems to have been canceled , as The Little Mermaid : Ariel 's Beginning , Tinker Bell , and its sequels were the last projects for DisneyToon Studios .
The film then received another distinction of note in 1981 , when it was the first of Disney 's canon of animated films to be released on home video .
The other crows are all voiced by African-American actors , all members of the Hall Johnson Choir .
Dumbo appears in the popular PlayStation 2 game Kingdom Hearts in the form of a summon that the player can call upon in battle for aid .
The leader crow was originally named `` Jim Crow '' for script purposes , and the name stuck .
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad .
Sora , the protagonist , flies on him and Dumbo splashes enemies with water from his trunk .
That release was followed by remastered versions in : 1986 , 1989 , 1991 -LRB- Classics -RRB- , and 1994 -LRB- Masterpiece -RRB- .
With the help of a group of crows , Timothy is able to get Dumbo to fly again , using a psychological trick of a `` magic feather '' to boost his confidence .
The circus director makes Dumbo the top of an elephant pyramid stunt , but Dumbo 's ears causes the stunt to go wrong , injuring the other elephants and bringing down the big top . Dumbo is made a clown as a result , and plays the main role in an act that involves him falling into a vat of pie filling .
Defenders note that the crows form the majority of the characters in the movie who are sympathetic to Dumbo 's plight , are free spirits who serve nobody , and intelligent characters aware of the power of self-confidence , unlike the Stepin Fetchit stereotype common at that time .
Throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , Timothy â '' a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .
The story was supposed to be set on the day immediately following the end of the first Dumbo story .
Despite the advent of World War II , Dumbo was still the most financially successful Disney film of the 1940s .
That release featured a sneak peek of a direct-to-video sequel , Dumbo II .
Timothy returns as well .
Once the circus is set up , Mrs. Jumbo loses her temper at a group of boys for making fun of her son , and she is locked up and deemed mad . Dumbo is shunned by the other elephants and with no mother to care for him , he is now alone , except for a self-appointed mentor and protector , Timothy Q. Mouse , who feels sympathy for Dumbo and becomes determined to make him happy again .
The preview showed sketches and storyboard ideas .
The fourth film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , Dumbo is based upon the storyline written by Helen Aberson and illustrated by Harold Pearl for the prototype of a novelty toy -LRB- `` Roll-a-Book '' -RRB- .
After this performance , Dumbo becomes a media sensation , Timothy becomes his manager , and Dumbo and Mrs. Jumbo are given a private car on the circus train .
Dumbo 's new friends are Claude and Lolly the twin bears who leave chaos everywhere they go , Dot the curious zebra , Godfrey the hippo who is older and wants to do things for himself , and Penny the adventurous ostrich .
Each character would perform a special act , which ranged from dancing and singing to telling knock knock jokes .
Unlike in the film , Dumbo spoke on the show .
Dumbo is a 1941 American animated film produced by Walt Disney and released on October 23 , 1941 , by RKO Radio Pictures .
Laviolle is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Niklaus is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Feldbrunnen-St .
Bourecq is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Never Been Kissed is a 1999 comedy film directed by Raja Gosnell and starring Drew Barrymore , David Arquette , Michael Vartan , Molly Shannon , Leelee Sobieski , John C. Reilly , Jessica Alba , Marley Shelton , James Franco -LRB- in his film debut -RRB- , Giuseppe Andrews , Jeremy Jordan and Garry Marshall .
Never Been Kissed was produced by 20th Century Fox and Drew Barrymore 's production company , Flower Films .
Carlos SÃ nchez GarcÃ a -LRB- born January 18 , 1978 in Madrid -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Puerta Bonita in the Spanish fourth division , as a goalkeeper .
Broeck Pointe is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
At Drumnadrochit is `` The Loch Ness Centre '' which examines the controversy through the natural history of Loch Ness .
Loch Ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary Loch Ness Monster , also known as `` Nessie '' .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate and its hydrates are some of the most commonly available salts of cobalt .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate is used in the preparation of pigments , as well as in the manufacture of other cobalt salts .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate has been shown to be toxic and slightly carcinogenic upon inhalation in mice .
Cobalt is obtained from ores via the sulfate in some cases . Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate is used in the preparation of pigments , as well as in the manufacture of other cobalt salts .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate is the inorganic compound with the formula CoSO4 .
The next southerly manned outpost of South America is the lighthouse of Cape Horn .
This is the southernmost manned outpost of South America -LRB- including islands -RRB- , even if the South Sandwich Islands are regarded as part of South America , since the Argentinian station on Thule Island was dismantled in June 1982 -LRB- in the aftermath of the Falklands War -RRB- .
Cruise ships occasionally pass by on their way to and from Antarctica .
The Chilean Navy established a meteorological station above Caleta Condell , a small cove on the northeast side of Isla Gonzalo -LRB- Gonzalo Island -RRB- , in 1957 , and resupply it several times each year .
They were first sighted on 12 February 1619 by the Garcia de Nodal expedition , and named after the cosmographer of the expedition , Diego RamÃ rez de Arellano .
They were cited as the southernmost land mass plotted as of that time , and retained the honor for 156 years , until the discovery of the South Sandwich Islands in 1775 .
The Korea Professional Football League -LRB- K-League -RRB- is South Korea 's only fully professional association football league .
Sedimentary rocks dominate the southern half of the island , especially Old and New Red Sandstone .
The 19th century `` clearances '' led to significant reductions in population and the end of the Gaelic language and way of life .
The Pleistocene glaciations almost entirely covered Scotland in ice and Arran 's highest peaks may have been nunataks at this time .
Visiting in 1787 , the geologist James Hutton found his first example of an unconformity to the north of Newton Point near Lochranza , which provided evidence for his Plutonist theories of uniformitarianism and about the age of the Earth .
From the 6th century on Goidelic-speaking peoples from Ireland colonised the island and it became a center of religious activity .
For some statistical purposes Arran is within the registration county of Ayrshire and for ceremonial purposes within the lieutenancy area of Ayrshire and Arran . In the House of Commons , since 2005 Arran has been part of the Ayrshire North and Arran constituency , currently represented by Katy Clark of the Labor Party .
After the last retreat of the ice at the close of the Pleistocene epoch sea levels were up to 70 m lower than at present and it is likely that circa 14,000 BP the island was connected to mainland Scotland .
During the troubled Viking Age Arran became the property of the Norwegian crown before becoming formally absorbed by the kingdom of Scotland in the thirteenth century .
The island is sometimes referred to as `` Scotland in miniature '' , as it is divided into `` Highland '' and `` Lowland '' areas by the Highland Boundary Fault which runs northeast to southwest across Scotland .
Sand dunes are preserved in Permian sandstones near Brodick , there are localized outcrops of Triassic rocks and even a rare example of Cretaceous chalk .
Bourbon kings first ruled Navarre and France in the 16th century . By the 18th century , members of the Bourbon dynasty also held thrones in Spain , Naples , Sicily , and Parma .
The House of Bourbon is a European royal house , a branch of the Capetian dynasty .
Ginger ale is a carbonated soft drink flavored with ginger .
Golden ginger ale is dark colored , generally sweet to taste , with a strong ginger spice flavor . It is the older style and there is little or no difference between this and non-alcoholic versions of ginger beer .
Ginger ales come in two varieties : golden ginger ale and dry ginger ale .
Canada Dry , Schweppes and Seagram 's are major brands of dry ginger ale . Dry ginger ale is marketed as a mixer for alcoholic beverages and as such is a staple on supermarket shelves , in bars , and on airlines .
Some mint ginger ale brands have an artificial green color added , while others are clear in color . Recently , Canada Dry has come out with a line of ginger ale mixed with green tea .
Many believe golden ginger ale is a form of ginger beer brought into North America by migrants from Eastern Europe , where it had been known for centuries . Golden ginger ale , like ginger beer , is mainly consumed as a soda type drink in its own right .
The 2008 â `` 09 Montreal Canadiens season is their 99th season of play and 91st in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
It is spoken by approximately ten million people in six countries : Switzerland , Germany , Austria , Liechtenstein , France and Italy .
Alemannic German -LRB- Alemannisch -RRB- is a group of dialects of the Upper German branch of the Germanic language family .
Examples are The People 's Republic of Madison , Wisconsin , `` The People 's Republic of New Jersey '' , the People 's Republic of Berkeley , the People 's Republic of Montclair , the `` People 's Republic of South Yorkshire '' or `` The People 's Republic of Chicago '' .
Western Media may sometimes use just The People 's Republic to refer to the People 's Republic of China .
People 's Republic is a title that has often been used by Marxist-Leninist governments to describe their state .
The Richest Duck in the World or The Recluse of McDuck Manor is a Scrooge McDuck comic by Don Rosa . It is the twelfth of the original 12 chapters in the series The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
Black tea has a longer shelf life than green tea .
The London Borough of Hackney is a London borough of North London , and forms part of inner London .
Historically , the dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China .
During the late Qing Dynasty , the dragon was even adopted as the national flag .
In 1980 , the airport was renamed to AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport in honor of Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk , the founder and the first president of the Republic of Turkey . With total passenger traffic of 32 million for the year 2010 , it is among the top 40 airports in the world in terms of total passenger traffic and the 19th busiest in the world in terms of international passenger traffic .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk shares traffic with Sabiha GÃ kÃ en International Airport , which is on the Anatolian -LRB- Asian -RRB- side of Istanbul , which had annual passenger traffic of just 11.1 million in 2010 .
There are several ways to travel between AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport and the city center .
It was Europe 's 8th busiest airport in 2010 .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport is the major international airport in Istanbul , Turkey .
His brother Rudolf was a physiologist and anatomist .
He was also a keen naturalist and collector , and it is for this work he is best known among biologists .
Wagner devoted three years -LRB- 1836 â `` 1839 -RRB- to the exploration of Algiers : it was here that he made important observations in natural history , which he later supplemented and developed : that geographical isolation could play a key role in speciation .
The importance of geographic speciation became one of the core ideas of the evolutionary synthesis .
This was an early description of the process of geographic speciation by means of the founder effect .
The leading evolutionists -LRB- Darwin , Wallace , Weismann -RRB- attacked Wagner 's idea of geographic speciation , and it suffered a long decline until in 1942 it was reintroduced by Mayr .
Some modern experts such as Ernst Mayr , Jerry Coyne and H. Allen Orr , argue that Wagner pioneered the idea geographical speciation , and that Darwin had not appreciated it .
In these genera , a number of species are each confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas mountains to the Mediterranean .
From 1852 â `` 1855 , together with Carl Scherzer , Wagner traveled through North and Central America and the Caribbean .
p155 The zoological taxonomist Bernhard Rensch was also significant in keeping geographical speciation on the evolutionary menu .
He committed suicide in Munich , aged 73 .
In a later paper Gulick says that `` Moritz Wagner , in his ` Law of the Migration of Organisms , ' was the first to insist on the importance of geographical isolation as a factor in evolution , but when he asserted that without geographical isolation natural selection could have no effect in producing new species he went beyond what could be sustained by facts '' .
In May 1843 , Wagner toured the Lake Sevan region of Armenia with Armenian writer Khachatur Abovian .
Wagner argued in letters to Darwin that the latter had missed a vital geographic component in understanding the evolution of new species .
Another formulation of this idea came later : `` Organisms which never leave their ancient area of distribution will never change '' .
`` It took more than 60 years after 1859 until the leading specialists ... -LRB- agreed -RRB- that this geographical approach was the way to solve the problem of speciation ... a new species may evolve when a population acquires isolating mechanisms while isolated from its parent population . '' .
Mayr 's formulation has been argued to have cleared up issues which Wagner had left unresolved : `` A new species develops if a population which has become isolated from its parental species acquires during this period of isolation characters which promote or guarantee isolation when the external barriers break down '' .
During his three years in Algeria , he -LRB- amongst other activities -RRB- studied the flightless beetles Pimelia and Melasoma .
Darwin found Wagner 's increasingly hysterical tone and one-sided argument upsetting , and wrote across his copy of Wagner 's 1875 paper `` most wretched rubbish . ''
However , Wagner 's `` migration theory '' was based on a rather simple , Lamarckian idea of evolution .
Darwin at first responded in a friendly way to these letters , and agreed that geographic isolation was important -LRB- although not the only cause of speciation -RRB- , and pointed out that he had in fact dealt with geographic speciation in The Origin of Species .
He identified geographical separation as the most frequent initial step towards cladogenesis -LRB- phylogenetic branching -RRB- .
'' ... an incipient species will only -LRB- arise -RRB- when a few individuals transgress the limiting borders of their range ... the formation of a new race will never succeed ... without a long continued separation of the colonists from the other members of their species . ''
Moritz Wagner -LRB- Bayreuth , 3 October 1813 â `` Munich , 31 May 1887 -RRB- was a German explorer , collector , geographer and natural historian .
Ernst Mayr , the evolutionist and historian of biology , has given an account of Wagner 's significance .
`` Unfortunately , Wagner combined -LRB- his idea -RRB- with some peculiar ideas on variation and selection '' -LRB- Mayr -RRB- .
As soon as one crosses a river , a different but closely related species appears .
Oak Lawn is a village in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Cynthia Lillian Lennon -LRB- nÃ e Powell -RRB- -LRB- b. 10 September 1939 -RRB- is the former wife of musician John Lennon , and mother of Julian Lennon .
Central Martung -LRB- Koozkalai -RRB- is 982 meters above sea level . , Being not plain area , some parts of Martung are even more than 1800 meters above mean sea level .
Major villages of the sub tehsil include Kabalgram , Pishlor , Titwalan , Koozkalai , Manzkalai , Shaga and Karindara .
Martung , MÄ rtung or Martoong is a highland village and sub tehsil of Shangla District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan included in Puran Subdivision .
Europe contains two braided rivers : the Narew , in Poland and Belarus , and the Tagliamento in Northeastern Italy .
Its capital is the city of Ica .
Ica is a region in Peru .
Olympique de Marseille -LRB- , ; also known as l'OM , -RRB- is a French professional football club based in Marseille .
Founded in 1899 , the club plays in Ligue 1 and have spent most of its history in the top tier of French football .
Marseille 's home ground is the 60,031-person-capacity Stade VÃ lodrome located in the southern part of the city , where they have played since 1937 . The Stade VÃ lodrome is renowned for its lively atmosphere .
The 2006 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Turin , Italy from February 10 , 2006 , through February 26 , 2006 .
This page lists times between 103 seconds and 106 seconds , or between 1 and 1000 kiloseconds . This timespan is from 16.7 minutes to 11.6 days .
A kilosecond -LRB- symbol : ks -RRB- is 1000 seconds -LRB- 16 minutes , 40 seconds -RRB- , so there are 86.4 kiloseconds in a 24 hour day , and 604.8 kiloseconds in a week .
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Below is a list of recent deletions and restorations .
Brockton is a city in Plymouth County , Massachusetts , United States ; the population was 94,304 in the 2000 census .
Brockton , along with Plymouth , are the county seats of Plymouth County .
Following that , KÃ lig Kaj slowly disappeared , and he never really gained any success .
KÃ lig Kaj -LRB- b. Thomas LÃ gaard , 15th August 1971 -RRB- was a Danish rapper who gained national fame in 1997 by winning Dansk Melodi Grand Prix with his song `` Stemmen i mit liv '' .
At the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , he placed 16th with only 25 points .
Mellor made his EastEnders debut on 20 May 2007 playing womanising salesman Warren Stamp .
Shortly after , he returned to acting , playing Greg , in Is Harry on the Boat ? .
Will also stars as `` Barmpot '' in postal worker drama Sorted and has also played DC Jed Griffiths in the second series of Murder Investigation Team .
He also made a brief cameo reappearance in a Christmas edition of Hollyoaks , in which he played the ghost of Jambo -LRB- although the character is not dead -RRB- .
They have two children : Jayden Will , born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham , London ; and Renee , born in June 2008 .
In 2004 he provided the voice-over for Georgie -LRB- the dog -RRB- in the CITV series Barking .
Mellor grew up in the Bredbury area of Stockport and attended Bredbury Green Primary School and later Werneth School , Greater Manchester .
Mellor won the first series of the BBC singing contest , Comic Relief does Fame Academy in 2003 .
He supports Manchester United .
He also made an appearance in the music video for Boyzone 's Comic Relief single `` When The Going Gets Tough '' .
Eastenders bosses were so impressed they wanted Mellor to stay on for a longer stint but he declined the offer due to other commitments .
He also played Jack Vincent in Casualty between 2001 and 2003 and has starred as Gaz Wilkinson in the comedy Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps from 2001 .
In 1993 he had a trial for Vauxhall Motors F.C. , and was about to sign a deal with them until a disagreement with the manager , Alex Tannin , over regulation bootlaces .
He met his wife , dancer Michelle McSween , when the pair starred in the stage musical Oh , What a Night in 1999 .
Mellor first came to the public 's attention in 1990 , when he played Ben Rowlingson in the children 's program Children 's Ward .
He then released a cover version of Leo Sayer 's `` When I Need You '' as a single , which reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart , as well as a follow-up single called `` No Matter What I Do '' , which reached number 23 .
Mellor dated former Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
William `` Will '' Mellor -LRB- born 3 April 1976 , Bredbury , Stockport , Greater Manchester -RRB- is an English actor , most famous for playing Gaz Wilkinson in the hit TV comedy , Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps from 2001 .
In 1995 , Mellor joined the cast of the soap opera , Hollyoaks in which he played the role of James ` Jambo ' Bolton until 1998 .
On July 15 , the leak was stopped by capping the gushing wellhead , after it had released about 4.9 M , or 205.8 million gallons of crude oil .
The spill stemmed from a sea-floor oil gusher that resulted from the April 20 , 2010 explosion of Deepwater Horizon , which drilled on the BP-operated Macondo Prospect .
The explosion killed 11 men working on the platform and injured 17 others .
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill -LRB- also referred to as the BP oil spill , the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , the BP oil disaster , or the Macondo blowout -RRB- is an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico which flowed for three months in 2010 .
According to the Flow Rate Technical Group , the leak amounted to about 4.9 million barrels -LRB- 205.8 million gallons -RRB- of oil exceeding the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill as the largest ever to originate in U.S.-controlled waters and the 1979 Ixtoc I oil spill as the largest spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
It is the largest accidental marine oil spill in the history of the petroleum industry .
The Whale are the top affiliate of the National Hockey League 's New York Rangers and are one of several professional hockey teams in Connecticut .
They play their home games at the XL Center .
Sommervieu is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In computing , an anonymous function is a function -LRB- or a subroutine -RRB- defined , and possibly called , without being bound to an identifier .
He is twelve years old at the beginning of the series , and turns thirteen in The Vile Village .
By the end of the series , he is fourteen -LRB- fifteen years old if you count Chapter Fourteen -RRB- .
Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans ; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny .
It is a parody of `` Bad '' by Michael Jackson .
`` Fat '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
The family Chinchillidae contains the chinchillas , viscachas , and their fossil relatives .
All species have thick , soft fur , which is considered valuable in some species .
They are restricted to southern and western South America , often in association with the Andes .
There are three extant and three fossil genera currently recognized .
They are large rodents , weighing from 800 g to 8 k , with strong hind legs and large ears .
Youngstown is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Mahoning County ; it also extends into Trumbull County .
Timothy Filiga `` Tim '' Cahill -LRB- born 6 December 1979 -RRB- is an Australian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player who plays for Everton and the Australian national football team .
Albert von Szent-Gy Ã rgyi de NagyrÃ polt -LRB- September 16 , 1893 -- October 22 , 1986 -RRB- was a Hungarian physiologist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1937 .
E-sharp minor is a minor scale based on the musical note E-sharp , consisting of the pitches E-sharp , F , G-sharp , A-sharp , B-sharp , C-sharp and D-sharp .
In the harmonic minor , the D is raised to D. Its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp .
For clarity and simplicity , E-sharp minor is usually notated as its enharmonic equivalent F minor .
The Neolithic Age , Era , or Period , or New Stone Age , was a period in the development of human technology , beginning about 9500 B.C.E. in the Middle East that is traditionally considered the last part of the Stone Age . The Neolithic followed the terminal Holocene Epipalaeolithic period , beginning with the rise of farming , which produced the `` Neolithic Revolution '' and ending when metal tools became widespread in the Copper Age -LRB- chalcolithic -RRB- or Bronze Age or developing directly into the Iron Age , depending on geographical region .
Nicktoons are animated television shows which are produced by and aired on the children 's television channel Nickelodeon .
The idea for Nicktoons was formed in 1989 and on Sunday , August 11 , 1991 , the first Nicktoon , Doug , was aired followed by Rugrats and The Ren and Stimpy Show .
Prior to 1991 , Nickelodeon aired mostly foreign made animated series .
This format was repeated every Sunday .
They often have a contrapuntal texture .
A gigue is usually in 3\/8 or in one of its compound metre derivatives , such as 6\/8 , 6\/4 , 9\/8 or 12\/16 , although there are some gigues written in other metres -LRB- for example , the gigue from Bach 's first French Suite -LRB- BWV 812 -RRB- , which is written in 4\/4 -RRB- .
The western half of the range lies in Ventura County , and the eastern half lies in Los Angeles County .
The Santa Susana Mountains are a transverse range of mountains in southern California , north of the city of Los Angeles , in the United States .
It borders the states of Amazonas and ParÃ , as well as the nations of Venezuela and Guyana .
The Monte Roraima National Park is located around one of the highest mountains of both Venezuela -LRB- outside of the Andes -RRB- and Brazil , and the highest in Guyana , a 2,875 m -LRB- 9,432 ft -RRB- high tepui known as Monte Roraima .
Roraima -LRB- Tupi : Green Plateau -RRB- is the northernmost and least populated state of Brazil , located in the Amazon region .
The state is rich in mineral deposits - especially gold , diamonds , cassiterite , bauxite , marble and copper .
The state 's southern part is located in the Amazon rainforest , while the north has open grassland fields , and there is a small strip of savanna to the east .
In 1988 , Roraima became a state by decision of the National Congress .
But in 1943 , together with a section from the state of Amazonas , the Federal Government created the territory of Rio Branco , which became Roraima in 1962 .
Troarn is a commune in the Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Electrical power transmission has replaced mechanical power transmission in all but the very shortest distances .
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .
With the widespread establishment of power grids , power transmission is usually associated most with electric power transmission .
Since the development of technology , transmission and storage systems have been of immense interest to technologists and technology users .
Mechanical power may be transmitted directly using a solid structure such as a driveshaft ; transmission gears can adjust the amount of torque or force vs. speed in much the same way an electrical transformer adjusts voltage vs current .
From the 16th century through the industrial revolution to the end of the 19th century mechanical power transmission was the norm .
Nerf N-Strike is a video game developed by EA Salt Lake and published by Electronic Arts for the Nintendo DS and Wii .
A sequel to this game was released called Nerf N-Strike Elite .
The game is a rail shooter and focuses on the NERF line of toy dart blasters . It has an optional unique blaster for gameplay called the Nerf Switch Shot EX-3 , that can either be used as a real Nerf blaster , or to play the video game .
Saint-Arnoult is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
In Hinduism , Kurma was the second Avatar of Vishnu .
Occasional specimens have a shiny appearance that give rise to the mineral 's name , which is from the Greek augites , meaning `` brightness '' , although ordinary specimens have a dull -LRB- dark green , brown or black -RRB- finish .
They are mostly used on suburban routes serving the South East of England , now operated by Southeastern .
The British Rail Class 465 Networker electric multiple units were built by GEC Alsthom -LRB- Metro-Cammell -RRB- and BREL between 1991 and 1993 , and by ABB Rail between 1993 and 1994 .
They were brought into service from 1991 onwards .
Biot is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Its feet turned inwards like a wombatâ s , giving it a pigeon-toed appearance .
Polish Prisoners of War -LRB- POWs -RRB- in the Woldenberg -LRB- Dobiegniew -RRB- Oflag II-C POW camp were granted permission by their German captors to stage an unofficial POW Olympics during July 23 to August 13 , 1944 and an Olympic Flag made with a bed sheet and pieces of colored scarves was raised .
The anticipated 1944 Summer Olympics , which were to be officially known as the Games of the XIII Olympiad , were canceled due to World War II .
Held from 17 June to 19 June 1944 , this celebration was referred to as `` The Jubilee Celebrations of IOC '' by Carl Diem , the originator of the modern tradition of the Olympic torch relay .
Because of the cancellation , London went on to host the 1948 Summer Olympics , awarded without election .
In spite of the war , the IOC organized many events to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of its foundation at its headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland .
They were to have been held in London , United Kingdom , which won the bid in a June 1939 IOC election over Rome , Detroit , Lausanne , Athens , Budapest , Helsinki and Montreal on the first ballot .
Delacroix 's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of color profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists , while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement .
Friend and spiritual heir to ThÃ odore GÃ ricault , Delacroix was also inspired by Lord Byron , with whom he shared a strong identification with the `` forces of the sublime '' , of nature in often violent action .
In the words of Baudelaire , `` Delacroix was passionately in love with passion , but coldly determined to express passion as clearly as possible . ''
However , Delacroix was given neither to sentimentality nor bombast , and his Romanticism was that of an individualist .
In contrast to the Neoclassical perfectionism of his chief rival Ingres , Delacroix took for his inspiration the art of Rubens and painters of the Venetian Renaissance , with an attendant emphasis on color and movement rather than clarity of outline and carefully modeled form .
A fine lithographer , Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare , the Scottish writer Walter Scott and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Ferdinand Victor EugÃ ne Delacroix -LRB- 26 April 1798 -- 13 August 1863 -RRB- was a French Romantic artist regarded from the outset of his career as the leader of the French Romantic school .
Dramatic and romantic content characterized the central themes of his maturity , and led him not to the classical models of Greek and Roman art , but to travel in North Africa , in search of the exotic .
Guivry is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Takeshi Urakami -LRB- born 7 February 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
No neuron ever has more than one axon ; however in invertebrates such as insects or leeches the axon sometimes consists of several regions that function more or less independently of each other .
He has played for Japan national team .
Megumu Tamura is a former Japanese footballer football player .
Raymond Thomas -LRB- Ray -RRB- Harford -LRB- 1 June 1945 â '' 9 August 2003 -RRB- was an English footballer , better known for his successes as a coach and manager than as a player .
The 500 m long melt-water stream draining that portion of the northwestern slope of Balkan Snowfield located between Hesperides Hill , Atlantic Club Ridge , Krum Rock and Sinemorets Hill on Hurd Peninsula in eastern Livingston Island , South Shetland Islands in Antarctica .
Rezovski Creek -LRB- 're - zov-ski po - ` tok -RRB- is a melt-water stream located on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Hurricane Helene was the strongest hurricane in the 1958 Atlantic hurricane season , reaching peak winds of 135 m and tied with Hurricane Ilsa as the strongest tropical cyclone of the season .
Helene was the only hurricane of the season to impact the United States .
Ciwan Haco -LRB- born 1957 -RRB- is a Kurdish singer .
After finishing high school , he left for Germany in order to continue his studies .
He was born near Qamishlo in Syria .
To date he has released 14 albums and a live VCD and DVD of his famous Batman concert of 2003 to which more than a 200.000 people attended .
Ciwan Haco is one of the very first Kurdish singers to combine Kurdish folk music with western style pop music , rock , blues and jazz .
He studied music at the University of Bochum for three years .
Standing for the leadership of the party in 2001 , Portillo came a narrow third place behind Iain Duncan Smith and Kenneth Clarke .
Portillo retired from the Commons at the 2005 general election , since when he has pursued his media interests , presenting a wide range of television and radio programs .
Returning to the Commons through a by-election in Kensington and Chelsea in 1999 , Portillo rejoined the front bench as Shadow Chancellor , although his relationship with Conservative Leader William Hague was strained .
Miguel MuÃ oz MozÃ n -LRB- born 19 January 1922 â `` died 16 July 1990 in Madrid -RRB- was a Spanish football player and manager .
It is native to the western half of North America .
Asclepias speciosa is a species of milkweed known commonly as the showy milkweed .
HiÃ ville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Soignies is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Shaun Toub -LRB- born 1963 -RRB- is an Iranian-American film and television actor .
He is perhaps best known for his role as Farhad in the 2004 movie Crash , as Rahim Khan in the movie The Kite Runner , and as Yinsen in the movie Iron Man .
Willi Schulz -LRB- born 4 October 1938 in Bochum , Germany -RRB- is a former German international football player .
In this way , many millions of kilograms of sodium dichromate are produced annually . In terms of reactivity and appearance , sodium dichromate and potassium dichromate are very similar .
Sodium dichromate is the chemical compound with the formula Na2Cr2O7 .
Although budgerigars are often , especially in American English , called parakeets , this term refers to any of a number of small parrots with long , flat tails .
Chants of the Office , sung during the canonical hours , have their roots in the early 4th century , when desert monks following St. Anthony introduced the practice of continuous psalmody , singing the complete cycle of 150 psalms each week .
Gregorian chant eventually replaced the local chant tradition of Rome itself , which is now known as Old Roman chant .
Musical elements that would later be used in the Roman Rite began to appear in the 3rd century .
Likewise , simple chants are often syllabic throughout with only a few instances where two or more notes are sung on one syllable .
This view is no longer generally accepted by scholars , due to analysis that shows that most early Christian hymns did not have Psalms for texts , and that the Psalms were not sung in synagogues for centuries after the Destruction of the Second Temple in AD 70 .
The Roman Catholic Church still officially considers Gregorian chant the music most suitable for worship in the Roman Rite , and should be given the `` pride of place '' in all Masses in the Roman Rite -LRB- see GIRM , P41 -RRB- .
`` Neumatic '' chants are more embellished and ligatures , a connected group of notes , written as a single compound neume , abound in the text . Melismatic chants are the most ornate chants in which elaborate melodies are sung on long sustained vowels as in the Alleluia , ranging from five or six notes per syllable to over sixty in the more prolix melismas .
`` Amen '' and `` alleluia '' come from Hebrew , and the threefold `` sanctus '' derives from the threefold `` kadosh '' of the Kedusha .
Canonical hours have their roots in Jewish prayer hours .
It is bordered by the counties of Kent , Surrey and West Sussex , and to the south by the English Channel .
East Sussex is a county in South East England .
SÃ bastien Olivier Buemi -LRB- born October 31 , 1988 in Aigle , Vaud -RRB- is a Swiss racing driver , who competes for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One .
Season in progress .
The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a replacement and is awarded to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- playing for the team with the fewest goals against .
Roy and Brodeur have each won the trophy five times , the most of any goaltenders .
The William M. Jennings Trophy is an annual ice hockey award given to `` the goalkeeper -LRB- s -RRB- having played a minimum of 25 games for the team with the fewest goals scored against it .
Since its beginnings in 1982 , it has been awarded at the end of 28 seasons to 27 different players .
It has been won most often by the Montreal Canadiens and the New Jersey Devils , with each team winning the award 5 times .
It is named in honor of the late William M. Jennings , who was a longtime governor and president of the New York Rangers and a builder of ice hockey in the United States .
The Jennings Trophy was donated by the NHL 's board of governors and first presented at the conclusion of the 1981 â `` 82 season .
From 1946 until the 1980 â `` 81 season , the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season .
The most recent winner is Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils , who allowed a league-low 191 team goals against in 2010 .
The Buffalo Sabres and Chicago Blackhawks have three wins each .
From 1946 until 1981 , the Vezina Trophy had been awarded under that definition , but it was later changed and replaced by the Jennings Trophy .
Winners are selected based on regular-season play . ''
However , it was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence the change was made to offer the Vezina to the most outstanding goaltender , as voted by the NHL General Managers .
Normally the minimum number of games a goaltender must play to be eligible for the trophy is 25 , but for the lockout shortened 1994 â `` 95 season , the required minimum was fourteen games .
Belfour is second , having won the trophy four times .
Kozo Yuki is a Japanese football player who last played for Fortuna DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Several micronations , which more or less seriously claim sovereignty but are not recognized as states , also claim the status of sovereign principalities , the most notable in Europe being Sealand off the coast of England and Seborga , a small town in Italy ; other micronational principalities elsewhere include the Principality of Hutt River in Australia and the Principality of Minerva in the South Pacific .
In her semifinal she received 25,000 votes , about 10,000 more votes then any of the other winners of the semifinals .
Aynishan Quliyeva born in 1992 in Baku , Azerbaijan , is a singer and daughter of famous Azeri singer Aybeniz Hasimova .
In 2010 she made it to the Azerbaijani national final for the chance to represent Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany .
Quliyeva did not win but placed amongst the five final acts .
The MIPS architecture provides a specific example for a machine code whose instructions are always 32 bits long .
The fields used in these types are :
Systems may also differ in other details , such as memory arrangement , operating systems , or peripheral devices ; because a program normally relies on such factors , different systems will typically not run the same machine code , even when the same type of processor is used .
Most instructions have one or more opcode fields which specifies the basic instruction type -LRB- such as arithmetic , logical , jump , etc -RRB- and the actual operation -LRB- such as add or compare -RRB- and other fields that may give the type of the operand -LRB- s -RRB- , the addressing mode -LRB- s -RRB- , the addressing offset -LRB- s -RRB- or index , or the actual value itself -LRB- such constant operands contained in an instruction are called immediates -RRB- .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when referring to platform-dependent parts of language features or libraries . Machine code should not be confused with so called `` bytecode '' , which is executed by an interpreter .
Machine code or machine language is a system of instructions and data executed directly by a computer 's central processing unit .
The general type of instruction is given by the op -LRB- operation -RRB- field , the highest 6 bits .
R-type -LRB- register -RRB- instructions include an additional field funct to determine the exact operation .
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set .
The instruction set is thus specific to a class of processors using -LRB- much -RRB- the same architecture .
Instructions are patterns of bits that by physical design correspond to different commands to the machine .
J-type -LRB- jump -RRB- and I-type -LRB- immediate -RRB- instructions are fully specified by op .
rs , rt , and rd indicate register operands ; shamt gives a shift amount ; and the address or immediate fields contain an operand directly .
Winchester 's first sister city , Winchester , England , is where the Virginia town gets its name .
Nintendo Research and Development 1 -LRB- R&D 1 -RRB- was Nintendo 's oldest development team .
These individual styles of martial arts also reflect on the personalities of the user and the nations as a whole .
Each of these employ a different form of martial arts in their fighting choreography : Ba Gua for Airbending , Hung Gar for Earthbending , Northern Shaolin for Firebending , and Tai Chi for Waterbending .
IGN also compared character relationships , complimenting `` Sokka and Princess Yue 's forbidden love '' while criticizing Iroh and Zuko 's relationship as not being executed properly .
In particular , Mell enjoyed the development of Katara and Zuko throughout the first season , but thought that Zuko 's relationship with his uncle was not `` very organic . ''
In the show , some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy : Water , Earth , Fire and Air , although the Avatar has the ability to control all four .
DVDVerdict felt that some minor characters , especially Mai and Ty Lee , were `` love em ' or hate em ' '' characters .
Toph , despite being blind , is extremely perceptive of the world around her due to her connection to the Earth .
Studios such as Studio 4 Â C , Production I. G , and Studio Ghibli , which produced anime-styled cartoons , were also sources of inspiration .
The greatest influences on the series were Asian art and history ; the characters ' various personalities and traits are based on philosophical teachings such as Taoism and Buddhism .
Jamie S. Rich of DVDTalk generally agreed with Mell 's assessment of the characters .
This makes the cartoon one of few animations to win the award and the only one to be cited for its character development .
Fitz at Lair of the Green Knight lauded the decision to not stereotypically fashion the woman into the `` usual weak female characters '' but to instead give them `` strong opinions and strength '' .
The anime-styled character art was inspired by Shinichiro Watanabe 's Cowboy Bebop , Samurai Champloo , and FLCL -LRB- Fooly Cooly -RRB- of Gainax .
The original character conception was derived from a sketch by Bryan Konietzko that depicted a middle-aged balding man with an arrow on his head .
These starkly individual tendencies are explained in eighty-five distinct types of `` Jings '' , or internal energy .
The characters of Avatar : The Last Airbender were designed by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , the co-creators of the series .
Lair of the Green Knight and DVD Verdict also enjoyed the romantic tension , focusing mainly on the female cast : Katara , Toph , and Azula , as well as the two minor characters , Mai and Ty Lee .
Aang , a pacifist monk , is also very carefree and child-like , which is commonly attributed to the `` freedom '' of the wind and the air .
Rich also praised the fact that , unlike many cartoon television series , Avatar introduces antagonists that have a deep backstory and `` are -LRB- not -RRB- just evil for the sake of it '' .
Many of the recurring characters of the series have received more depth in their personalities , which are usually based on their respective element .
Gabriel Powers of DVDActive thought that while the characters fit into neat `` archetypes '' , it was not a bad thing and fit well with the series .
Unlike Aang , she is extremely brusque when criticizing others , which is attributed to Earth 's tough and unbreakable nature .
For example , Ba Gua employs the `` negative jing '' to create erratic circular movements and capitalizes on centripetal force and defensive positions while Northern Shaolin follows the `` positive jing '' and emphasizes brute strength and aggression to generate power .
The characters of Avatar : The Last Airbender received both praise and criticism from reviewers .
Iroh is voiced by Mako for two seasons and Greg Baldwin for the final season of the animated series .
In 2008 , Avatar was awarded a Peabody for its `` unusually complex characters '' .
Troy Island Mell , of IGN , felt that the story `` would -LRB- not -RRB- be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters '' .
Jeremy Mullin , another IGN reviewer , disagreed with Mell and Rich ; he felt that the characters were not brilliantly done , though he noted that they introduced some drama and romantic tension usually not found on Nickelodeon , especially between Aang and Katara .
PenÃ lope Cruz SÃ nchez -LRB- born April 28 , 1974 -RRB- , better known as PenÃ lope Cruz , is a Spanish actress .
Signed by an agent at age 15 , she made her acting debut at 16 on television , and her feature film debut the following year in JamÃ n , jamÃ n -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , to critical acclaim .
The Chausey Islands south of Jersey are not generally included in the geographical definition of the Channel Islands but occasionally described as ` French Channel Islands ' in English in view of their French jurisdiction .
Acherontia lachesis is a large -LRB- up to 13 cm wingspan -RRB- Sphingid moth found in India and much of the Oriental region , one of the three species of Death 's - head Hawkmoth , also known as the Bee Robber .
Junji Kawano -LRB- born July 11 , 1945 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Estimates are that only about a third of cases of domestic violence are actually reported in the United States and the United Kingdom .
Many domestic violence advocates believe that the cycle of abuse theory is limited and does not reflect the realities of many men and women experiencing domestic violence .
In particular , some studies suggest that men are less likely to report being victims of domestic violence due to social stigmas . Other sources , however , argue that the rate of domestic violence against men is often inflated due to the practice of including self-defense as a form of domestic violence .
In Australia where it has been identified that as many as 75 % of all victims of Domestic Violence are children Domestic Violence services such asSunnykids are beginning to focus their attention on children who have been exposed to Domestic Violence .
Mariel Margaret Hamm -LRB- born on March 17 , 1972 , in Selma , Alabama -RRB- , best known as Mia Hamm , is a retired American soccer player .
This is the hexadecimal color code used for Great Eastern Railway lines .
Eastbourne is situated at the eastern end of the South Downs alongside the famous Beachy Head cliff .
The main article for this category is Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
Dana Snyder -LRB- born November 14 , 1973 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , actor , voice artist , and comedian , best known for playing Master Shake on the Aqua Teen Hunger Force show , and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters , both part of Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim franchise .
Brad Richards , who had 26 points , won the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player of the Stanley Cup playoffs ; the Lightning had won all 31 contests in which he had scored a goal since the opening of the season .
Tortorella won the Jack Adams Award as the NHL 's Coach of the Year .
At his death , the Visigoths were the most powerful of the successor states to the Western Roman Empire .
A `` Germanic '' Byzantine or Italian author referred to one of the two peoples as the Valagothi , meaning `` Roman Goths '' , and in 469 the Visigoths were called the `` Alaric Goths '' .
Lochristi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
It is the last official township on Victoria 's east coast before the border with New South Wales .
Mallacoota has a regional airport -LRB- Mallacoota Airport -RRB- YMCO -LRB- XMC -RRB- consisting of a grassed field for private light planes .
Mallacoota is a small town in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
It is one of the most isolated towns in the state of Victoria , 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and 523 k from Melbourne .
Monnes is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
He had a leading role in the Revolution of 1989 , being elected as Romania 's first post-communist president in 1990 . After a new Constitution was approved by popular referendum , he served a further two terms as president , 1992 to 1996 , and 2000 to 2004 , separated by the presidency of Emil Constantinescu .
He joined the Communist Party in 1953 and became a member of its Central Committee in 1965 , however beginning with 1971 he was gradually marginalized by Nicolae CeauÅ escu .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
He then moved to Europe , signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand .
Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack , the farm team for the New York Rangers .
Joe Tallari -LRB- born October 5 , 1980 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
This performance won Tallari the ` Best Newcomer ' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team .
Over the following three seasons , Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL , with stints at the Cleveland Barons , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers -LRB- on two occasions -RRB- and the Las Vegas Wranglers .
In April 2008 it was announced that Tallari would leave Manchester to sign for the Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria in order to try and qualify for the Italian national team .
He stayed for just one season before moving to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL , where he topped the 50 point margin .
Tallari had an outstanding season in Manchester , finishing as the EIHL 's second highest goal scorer , managing 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games .
On 7 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm . .
Crianlarich is a village in Stirling district , Scotland , about six miles north-east of the head of Loch Lomond .
The village 's name derives from the Gaelic for `` low pass '' , relating to its geographical location .
Until 1975 , it was in the historic county of Perthshire .
Weak anthropic principle -LRB- WAP -RRB- -LRB- Carter -RRB- : `` we must be prepared to take account of the fact that our location in the universe is necessarily privileged to the extent of being compatible with our existence as observers .
Those attempting to explain the anthropic principle often invoke ideas of multiple universes or an intelligent designer , both controversial and criticized for being untestable and therefore critics of the anthropic principle may point out that the anthropic principle is more of a philosophical concept , not a scientific one . One way to bypass the controversy is to emphasize the weak anthropic principle : '' ... conditions that are observed in the universe must allow the observer to exist . '' .
Those attempting to explain the anthropic principle often invoke ideas of multiple universes or an intelligent designer , both controversial and criticized for being untestable and therefore critics of the anthropic principle may point out that the anthropic principle is more of a philosophical concept , not a scientific one .
Sexual fetishism may be regarded , e.g. in psychiatric medicine , as a disorder of sexual preference or as an enhancing element to a relationship causing a better sexual bond between the partners .
Sexual fetishism , or erotic fetishism , is the sexual arousal a person receives from a physical object , or from a specific situation .
The term was first introduced by Alfred Binet .
Oddleifson was selected 10th overall in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft by the California Golden Seals following a dominant final junior season with the Winnipeg Jets of the WCHL , during which he finished with 95 points -LRB- including a league-leading 64 assists -RRB- and 243 penalty minutes .
Nevertheless , he finished with career highs of 16 goals and 35 assists for 51 points in just 60 games .
By the 1979 â `` 80 season , the emergence of young stars like Thomas Gradin , Stan Smyl and Curt Fraser , as well as the acquisition of several skilled veterans , had pushed Oddleifson into a mainly defensive role , and he finished the season with career lows of just 8 goals and 28 points .
He managed to crack the Bruins full-time in 1974 â `` 75 and acquitted himself well , highlighted by a four-goal game against the Golden Seals , the team that had given up on him two years earlier .
In 1972 â `` 73 , Oddleifson finally made his NHL debut , appearing in 6 games for Boston without recording a point .
Following his career , Oddleifson returned to Vancouver and became a successful real estate agent .
In 1975 â `` 76 , Oddleifson would have his finest NHL season , as he notched 16 goals and a club-leading 46 assists for a career high 62 points .
Oddleifson spent two more seasons playing in Switzerland before retiring in 1983 .
He remains active with the Canuck Oldtimers squad .
However , he was assigned to the minors and would never play an NHL game for the Seals , and was dealt to the Boston Bruins mid-way through the 1971 â `` 72 season .
He is best known for his time with the Vancouver Canucks , where he was one of the team 's top players for much of the 1970s and served as team captain in 1976 â `` 77 .
Christopher Roy Oddleifson -LRB- born September 7 , 1950 in Brandon , Manitoba -RRB- is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League from 1972 until 1981 .
In 1977 â `` 78 , he recorded a career-high 17 goals for the club .
Late in the season , he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks in a deal for sniper Bobby Schmautz , and he finished out his rookie season with decent totals of 13 goals and 29 points in 70 games between Boston and Vancouver .
He finished his NHL career with totals 95 goals and 191 assists for 286 points in 524 games , along with 464 penalty minutes .
He led the Canucks in scoring through the early part of the season , until a fractured jaw forced him to miss 20 games .
Although his production waned somewhat in the next few seasons , he remained one of the team 's top all-around forwards and most popular players .
Early in the 1980 â `` 81 campaign , he was assigned to the Dallas Black Hawks , effectively ending his NHL career .
He was named team captain for 1976 â `` 77 , although he was replaced by Don Lever the following year .
He proved himself to be an exceptional all-around player who possessed size , toughness , and playmaking ability , as well as the ability to play both at center and on the wing .
Oddleifson would have his breakout year in 1974 â `` 75 , as he emerged as a leader on a young Canuck team which surprised by winning their division and making the playoffs for the first time in franchise history .
A year after winning the Southeast Division , the Thrashers failed to qualify for the playoffs .
Ender 's Shadow is the first of a series that includes Shadow of the Hegemon , Shadow Puppets , and Shadow of the Giant .
Ender 's Shadow -LRB- 1999 -RRB- is a parallel science fiction novel by the American author Orson Scott Card , taking place at the same time as the novel Ender 's Game and depicting the same events from the point of view of Bean , a supporting character in the original novel .
It was originally to be titled Urchin , but it was retitled Ender 's Shadow prior to release .
The award was first introduced in 1956 by Baseball Commissioner Ford Frick in honor of Hall of Fame pitcher Cy Young , who died in 1955 .
The formula used to calculate the final scores is a weighted sum of the votes .
Each league 's award is voted on by members of the Baseball Writers Association of America , with two representatives from each team , which means 28 ballots are cast for the American League winner , and 32 ballots are cast for the National League .
The pitcher with the highest score in each league wins the award .
Each voter places a vote for first , second , and third place among the pitchers of each league .
The award was originally given to the single best pitcher in the major leagues , but in 1967 , after the retirement of Frick , the award was given to one pitcher in each league .
If two pitchers receive the same number of votes , the award is shared .
The Cy Young Award is an honor given annually in baseball to the best pitchers in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- , one each for the American League -LRB- AL -RRB- and National League -LRB- NL -RRB- .
Joseba Pedro Andoni Etxeberria Lizardi -LRB- born 5 September 1977 -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , who played mostly as a winger .
The Secretary also serves on and appoints the private citizens on the National Park Foundation board .
The Secretary is a member of the President 's Cabinet .
The Secretary of the Interior is eighth in the United States presidential line of succession .
The United States Secretary of the Interior is the head of the United States Department of the Interior .
The Department of the Interior oversees such agencies as the Bureau of Land Management , the United States Geological Survey , and the National Park Service .
He played for Japan national team .
Shigeyoshi Suzuki -LRB- October 13 , 1902 -- December 20 , 1971 -RRB- was a Japanese football player .
The official version of this policy is at Wikimedia : Privacy policy .
It is requested that all discussion take place at meta : talk : Privacy policy .
Also in 1937 , Manfred von Ardenne pioneered the scanning electron microscope . The first practical electron microscope was constructed in 1938 , at the University of Toronto , by Eli Franklin Burton and students Cecil Hall , James Hillier , and Albert Prebus ; and Siemens produced the first commercial Transmission Electron Microscope -LRB- TEM -RRB- in 1939 .
Cottage pie refers to a British or Irish meat pie made with beef mince and with a crust made from mashed potato .
In early cookery books , the dish was a means of using leftover roasted meat of any kind , and the pie dish was lined with mashed potato as well as having a mashed potato crust on top .
A variation on this dish is known as shepherd 's pie .
-LRB- References to `` Fox '' below refer to William Fox or Fox Film Corporation until 1935 and shortly afterwards , and to Twentieth Century-Fox or Twentieth Century Fox afterwards . -RRB-
Located in the Century City area of Los Angeles , just west of Beverly Hills , the studio is a subsidiary of News Corporation .
Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation -LRB- Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation , with hyphen , from 1935 to 1985 -RRB- â `` also known as 20th Century Fox , or simply 20th or Fox â `` is one of the six major American film studios As of 2011 .
NetBSD is a freely available open source version of the Unix-derivative Berkeley Software Distribution -LRB- BSD -RRB- computer operating system .
GrÃ fendorf lies in the WÃ 1\/4 rzburg Region near GemÃ 1\/4 nden am Main .
Hideya Okamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for Avispa Fukuoka .
Rupen Sevag -LRB- February 15 , 1885 - August 26 , 1915 -RRB- was an Armenian poet , prose-writer , and doctor .
Among many others , he was arrested on at the onset of the Armenian Genocide on April 24 , 1915 and killed on August 26 , 1915 .
All German submarines are stationed in EckernfÃ rde .
EckernfÃ rde -LRB- , sometimes also Egernfjord , Low German : EckernfÃ r , sometimes also EckernfÃ Ã r -RRB- is a German city in Schleswig-Holstein , Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernf Ã rde at the Baltic Sea near Kiel .
The population is about 23,000 .
EckernfÃ rde is a popular tourist destination in Northern Germany .
Interested in astronomy and trying to develop a calendar , he investigated Diophantine equations .
Sun Tzu or Sun Zi was a Chinese mathematician , flourishing between the 3rd and the 5th century AD .
He is only known for authoring Sun Tzu Suan Ching å å ç -- ç '' -LRB- pinyin : Sun Zi Suan Jing ; literally , `` Sun Tzu 's Calculation Classic '' -RRB- , which contains the Chinese remainder theorem .
Maximiliano RubÃ n `` Maxi '' RodrÃ guez -LRB- born 2 January 1981 in Rosario , Santa Fe -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who plays for Liverpool in the Premier League .
In that episode , Frasier , on a trip to Boston , meets the Cheers gang -LRB- though not at Cheers itself -RRB- and Cliff thinks Frasier has flown out specifically for his -LRB- Cliff 's -RRB- retirement party , which Frasier ends up attending . Frasier was on the air for as many seasons and almost as many episodes as Cheers , going off the air in 2004 after an eleven-season run .
Tell City is located at .
It is owned by FirstGroup and combines the service on the cross-London Thameslink railway line between Brighton and Bedford with services along the East Coast Main Line from King 's Cross and Moorgate to Peterborough , Cambridge , and King 's Lynn formerly operated by WAGN , which is now often referred to as the Great Northern Route .
First Capital Connect -LRB- FCC -RRB- is a passenger train operating company in England that began operations on the National Rail network on 1 April 2006 .
Plutarch -LRB- Ancient Greek : Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Î Ï , Ploutarchos -RRB- then named , on his becoming a Roman citizen , Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus -LRB- Î Î Ï Ï Ï Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Î Ï -RRB- , c. 46 â `` 120 CE\/AD , was a Greek historian , biographer , essayist , and Middle Platonist known primarily for his Parallel Lives and Moralia .
The term ` spirit vinegar ' is sometimes reserved for the stronger variety -LRB- 5 % to 20 % acetic acid -RRB- made from sugar cane or from chemically produced acetic acid .
However , up to about 1532 his prints were monogrammed ` HSP ' , reflecting the Nuremberg pronunciation of his name : Peham .
He also made prints for use as playing cards , wallpaper , coats of arms , and designs for other artists , including many designs for stained or painted glass .
He also illuminated two prayer books and painted a table top -LRB- now in the Louvre -RRB- for Cardinal Albrecht , Archbishop of Mainz .
In 1525 , along with his brother and Georg Pencz , the so-called `` godless painters '' , he was banished from Nuremberg , accused of heresy -LRB- against Lutheranism -RRB- , blasphemy and not recognizing the authority of the City council .
Within months the three were allowed to return to the city , but Beham was exiled again in 1528 for publishing a book on the proportions of the horse regarded as plagiarised from an unpublished manuscript by Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer , who had recently died .
His early work was done under the shadow of DÃ 1\/4 rer , who was still working in Nuremberg , and one early woodcut `` Head of Christ '' , to which the AD monogram was added in the 2nd state -LRB- probably not by Beham -RRB- , was long believed to be a work by DÃ 1\/4 rer by Adam Bartsch and others .
He is one of the most important of the `` Little Masters '' , the group of German artists making old master prints in the generation after DÃ 1\/4 rer .
These were simplified borrowings of DÃ 1\/4 rer 's works on the subjects , but rather easier to use -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- , so they had a long-lasting success among artists .
He worked extensively on tiny , highly detailed , engravings , many as small as postage stamps , placing him in the German printmaking school known as the `` Little Masters '' from the size of their prints .
These works he produced and published himself , whilst his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
Hans Sebald Beham -LRB- 1500 â `` 1550 -RRB- was a German printmaker who did his best work as an engraver , and was also a designer of woodcuts and a painter and miniaturist .
After this date , when he had moved to Frankfurt , his monogram became ` HSB ' .
The older brother of Barthel Beham by two years , he was born into a family of artists in Nuremberg .
He is increasingly known just as `` Sebald Beham '' , as this how he usually signed his name in full .
In his later work he boldly re-interpreted many of DÃ 1\/4 rer 's most famous prints in works like his Melancholia of 1539 that exploit the difference in scale between his work and the original .
Beham is best known as a prolific printmaker , producing approximately 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts , including woodcut book illustrations .
In cooking , a consommÃ is a type of clear soup made from richly flavored stock or bouillon that has been clarified usually through a fining process involving egg protein .
It usually requires an advanced knowledge of cooking and past experience to create a high quality consommÃ .
ConsommÃ has maintained its place as one of the most highly regarded and appreciated soups in the world .
A Lego minifigure is a small plastic figurine available as part of the construction toy Lego , produced by Danish toy manufacturer the Lego Group .
In the video games Lego Star Wars : The Video Game , Lego Star Wars II : The Original Trilogy , Lego Star Wars : The Complete Saga , Lego Indiana Jones : The Original Adventures Lego Batman : The Video Game and Lego Harry Potter : Years 1-4 playable characters are animated minifigures , which feature more articulation and mobility than real minifigures , but retain the same basic appearance .
The figures are usually found within Lego sets , although they are also sold separately as keychains and magnets .
Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label originally based in New Cross , South East London .
Italian migrants came to the region in the 1940s and 50 's and following the Chinese grew tobacco but it was not long before they realized the enormous potential of the region to produce European wine varietals .
In recent times , the Valley has been gaining in reputation as a unique wine region for sangiovese , nebbiolo and barbera to name but a few .
Whitfield and Moyhu are the major townships in the King Valley along the road from Wangaratta or Mansfield .
Visit the King Valley and names such as Pizzini , Dal Zotto , Corsini , Sartori , Ciccone and Politini are prominent for their hospitality .
It is a river used by kayaking enthusiasts with many level 2 and level 3 rapids .
In 2008 the site for the Victorian and Australian Downriver Championships .
With some of the highest altitude vineyards in Australia this area produces uniquely flavored and memorable wines .
King River is a river in Victoria , a state of Australia .
Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
`` Little Green Bag '' is a 1969 song written by Dutch musicians , Jan Visser and George Baker -LRB- credited as Hans Bouwens -RRB- , and recorded by the George Baker Selection at the band 's own cost .
The Isthmus of Corinth is the narrow land bridge which connects the Peloponnese peninsula with the rest of the mainland of Greece , near the city of Corinth .
He was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1994 , where he played the majority of his career , serving 11 seasons as team captain .
Mats Johan Sundin -LRB- ; born February 13 , 1971 -RRB- is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player .
Bournonville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
CitroÃ `` n Belgium was enthusiastic about this model and decided to produce it as an official CitroÃ `` n 2CV in its Forest -LRB- near Brussels -RRB- factory .
Andrade Santos Silva -LRB- born 14 December 1981 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player who plays for Arka Gdynia in the Ekstraklasa .
Roman Giertych comes from a prominent family of Polish politicians , being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of JÄ drzej Giertych .
He graduated from Adam Mickiewicz University in PoznaÅ with master 's degrees in both law and history .
For several years he was a member of the National-Democratic Party and the National Party , which merged with several other organizations to form the League of Polish Families -LRB- Liga Polskich Rodzin , LPR -RRB- in 2001 .
In 1989 , he reactivated the far-right All-Polish Youth organization , becoming its chairman ; he remains honorary chairman to this day .
Roman Jacek Giertych -LRB- ; born 27 February 1971 in Å rem , Poland -RRB- is a Polish politician ; he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education until August 2007 .
Berlencourt-le-Cauroy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sports events occurring in .
Jonathan -LRB- John -RRB- Silver -LRB- born 1950 -RRB- is the former second drummer for the English rock band Genesis .
He replaced Chris Stewart in the summer of 1968 and appears on their first full length album , From Genesis to Revelation , and on the Genesis Archive 1967-75 box set .
He left the band in August 1969 and was replaced by John Mayhew .
He lives in London with his wife , Lucy , and children , Leo , Max , and Libby .
Bessonova began rhythmic gymnastics at age 5 .
Kyu Sakamoto , December 10 , 1941 â `` August 12 , 1985 -RCB- -RCB- was a Japanese singer and actor , best known outside of Japan for his international hit song Sukiyaki , which was sung in Japanese and sold over 13 million copies .
Daishiro Yoshimura -LRB- formerly name ; Nelson Yoshimura , August 16 , 1947 -- November 1 , 2003 -RRB- was Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team , having naturalized in 1970 .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 2,151 .
Sulligent is a city in Lamar County , Alabama , United States .
The name is derived from railroad personae .
Tony Curtis -LRB- June 3 , 1925 â `` September 29 , 2010 -RRB- was an American film actor whose career spanned six decades , but had his greatest popularity during the 1950s and early 1960s .
Following the Treaty of Union in 1707 , Acts of Parliament passed in the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland created a new Kingdom of Great Britain and dissolved both parliaments , replacing them with a new Parliament of Great Britain based in the former home of the English parliament . The Parliament of Great Britain would later become the Parliament of the United Kingdom in 1801 when the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland was formed through the Act of Union 1800 .
Following the Treaty of Union in 1707 , Acts of Parliament passed in the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland created a new Kingdom of Great Britain and dissolved both parliaments , replacing them with a new Parliament of Great Britain based in the former home of the English parliament .
Park Jong-Jin -LRB- born 24 June 1987 -RRB- is a South Korean football player who plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings as a midfielder .
Braine-l ` Alleud is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant , about 20 kilometers south of Brussels .
The word comes from the akademeia , just outside ancient Athens , where the gymnasium was made famous by Plato as a center of learning .
English , te reo MÄ ori and New Zealand Sign Language are the official languages , with English predominant .
New Zealand is an island country in the south-western Pacific Ocean comprising two main landmasses -LRB- the North Island and the South Island -RRB- and numerous smaller islands , most notably Stewart Island and the Chatham Islands .
Helix pomatia , common names the Burgundy snail , Roman snail , edible snail or escargot , is a species of large , edible , air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae .
In 1999 , Telus Corporation was created by the merger of Telus -LRB- Alberta -RRB- and BCTel with the new entity retaining the Telus name .
Telus is the namesake tenant in several office buildings , including Tour Telus in Montreal and Telus Plaza in Edmonton .
Telus Communications -LRB- Alberta -RRB- was created in 1990 by the government of Alberta as a holding company in order to facilitate the privatization of a crown corporation , the Alberta Government Telephones Commission -LRB- AGT -RRB- .
Bilca is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
ReLoad is the seventh studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
It was released on November 18 , 1997 through Elektra Records .
Jonathan agrees to return to Saul and discover his ultimate intent . While dining with Saul , Jonathan pretends that David has been called away to his brothers , but Saul sees through this and castigates Jonathan for being the companion of David , and it becomes clear that Saul wants David dead .
Lupfig is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Shakespeare in Love won seven Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Actress -LRB- for Gwyneth Paltrow -RRB- , and Best Supporting Actress -LRB- for Judi Dench -RRB- .
Alberto Ascari -LRB- 13 July 1918 â `` 26 May 1955 -RRB- was an Italian racing driver and twice Formula One World Champion .
He is one of only two Italian Formula One World Champions in the history of the sport , and the only one winning his two championships in a Ferrari .
Wahlenbergia is a genus of between 150-270 species of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae , with a cosmopolitan distribution except for North America ; the highest species diversity is in Africa and Australasia .
Wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of St Helena , including the now extinct species W. roxburghii .
Tessel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Adelboden is first mentioned in 1409 as in valle Adelboden .
Adelboden has only one incoming road connecting from Frutigen which connects via Spiez to the N6 and Bern .
Randy Duane Couture -LRB- koÊ Ë tÊ É r ; born June 22 , 1963 -RRB- is an American mixed martial artist , Greco-Roman wrestler , actor , a three-time former heavyweight champion and a two-time light-heavyweight champion of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
There White reiterated the UFC 's position that Couture remains the promotion 's heavyweight champion despite his tendered resignation , and that Couture would remain obligated under his UFC contract well beyond nine months .
Couture is the first fighter to hold two UFC championship titles in two different divisions -LRB- heavyweight and light heavyweight -RRB- .
By a 1911 Act of Congress , Woodward became a designated court town for the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma . A United States Post Office and Courthouse was constructed in Woodward in 1918 , and federal court dockets were held each November in Woodward until 1948 and sporadically thereafter .
Woodward is a city in and the county seat of Woodward County , Oklahoma , United States .
The lifetime risk for breast cancer in the United States is usually given as about 1 in 8 -LRB- 12 % -RRB- of women by age 95 , with a 1 in 35 -LRB- 3 % -RRB- chance of dying from breast cancer .
In 2007 , breast cancer was expected to cause 40,910 deaths in the US -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- .
Most larger hospitals are associated with cancer support groups which provide a supportive environment to help patients cope and gain perspective from cancer survivors . Online cancer support groups are also very beneficial to cancer patients , especially in dealing with uncertainty and body-image problems inherent in cancer treatment .
Worldwide , breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer in women .
Inflammatory breast cancer is a special type of breast cancer which can pose a substantial diagnostic challenge .
In 2008 , breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide -LRB- 13.7 % of cancer deaths in women and 6.0 % of all cancer deaths for men and women together -RRB- .
In 2008 , breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide -LRB- 13.7 % of cancer deaths in women -RRB- .
Assis-sur-Serre is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
JÃ 1\/4 rgen Werner -LRB- August 15 , 1935 -- May 28 , 2002 -RRB- was a German football player , journalist and official .
Cleveleys -LRB- with its neighbouring village of Thornton , collectively known as Thornton-Cleveleys -RRB- is a town on the Fylde Coast of Lancashire , England , about 4 miles north of Blackpool and 2 miles south of Fleetwood .
It is part of the Borough of Wyre .
Like , this one lets you know the date , time , and the amount of articles on Wikipedia .
This template is used at the top of your userpage .
However , is blue , and some people may not like blue .
This template turns out orange , the same colors of the `` You have new messages -LRB- last changes -RRB- '' box .
The 1959 Formula One season included the 10th FIA Formula One World Championship season , which commenced on May 10 , 1959 , and ended on December 12 after nine races .
In physical geography , a dune is a hill of sand built by aeolian processes .
A `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .
Dunes occur in different forms and sizes , formed by interaction with the wind .
Temple Square is a ten acre -LRB- 40,000 mÂ -RRB- complex located in the center of Salt Lake City , Utah , owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -LRB- LDS Church -RRB- .
Contained within Temple Square proper are the Salt Lake Temple , Salt Lake Tabernacle , Salt Lake Assembly Hall , the Seagull Monument and two visitors ' centers .
Mazan-l ` Abbaye is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church built Teller Mission across the harbor from Teller in 1900 .
Other notable 17th-century outbreaks were the Italian Plague of 1629 â `` 1631 , and the Great Plague of Seville -LRB- 1647 â `` 1652 -RRB- , the Great Plague of London -LRB- 1665 â `` 1666 -RRB- , and the Great Plague of Vienna -LRB- 1679 -RRB- . There is some controversy over the identity of the disease , but in its virulent form , after the Great Plague of Marseille in 1720 â `` 1722 , the Great Plague of 1738 -LRB- which hit Eastern Europe -RRB- , and the Russian plague of 1770-1772 , it seems to have gradually disappeared from Europe .
The uncertainty of daily survival has been seen as creating a general mood of morbidity , influencing people to `` live for the moment '' , as illustrated by Giovanni Boccaccio in The Decameron -LRB- 1353 -RRB- .
It was , arguably , a serious blow to the Catholic Church , and resulted in widespread persecution of minorities such as Jews , foreigners , beggars , and lepers .
Pressy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Vetus Latina is a collective name given to the Biblical texts in Latin that were translated before St Jerome 's Vulgate Bible -LRB- 382-405 AD -RRB- became the standard Bible for Latin-speaking Western Christians . The phrase Vetus Latina is Latin for Old Latin , and the Vetus Latina is sometimes known as the Old Latin Bible .
The Vulgate text means `` Glory -LRB- belongs -RRB- to God among the most high and peace among men of good will on earth '' .
It was , however , written in Late Latin , not the early version of the Latin language known as Old Latin .
Probably the most well known difference between the Old Latin and the Vulgate is in the Pater Noster , where the phrase from the Vetus Latina , quotidianum panem , `` daily bread '' , becomes supersubstantialem panem , `` supersubstantial bread '' in the Vulgate .
The Old Latin text means , `` Glory -LRB- belongs -RRB- to God among the high , and peace -LRB- belongs -RRB- to men of good will on earth '' .
VÃ troz is a municipality in the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Wilf Reginald Cude -LRB- July 4 , 1910 â `` May 5 , 1968 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Quakers , Boston Bruins , Chicago Black Hawks , Detroit Red Wings , and Montreal Canadiens .
The video was shot in the Los Angeles International Airport and at the Los Angeles Department of Transportation , and was directed by John Hillcoat .
Gry Charlotta Forssell -LRB- February 16 , 1973 in VÃ xjÃ -RRB- is a Swedish television host on TV4 and TV3 and radio talk-show host .
Leandro , full name JosÃ Leandro de Souza Ferreira , -LRB- born March 17 1959 in Cabo Frio , Brazil -RRB- is a former football defender at Flamengo , winning four Brazilian national titles , five Rio State championships , one Libertadores da AmÃ rica , and one Intercontinental Cup against Liverpool .
Successive trips reinforced this message and Poland began the process that would finally defeat the domination of the Soviet Union in Eastern Europe in 1989 .
In 2000 , he was the first modern pope to visit Egypt , where he met with the Coptic pope , Pope Shenouda III and the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria .
Bishop WojtyÅ a also participated in all of the assemblies of the Synod of Bishops . On 13 January 1964 , Pope Paul VI appointed him Archbishop of KrakÃ w. On 26 June 1967 , Paul VI announced Archbishop WojtyÅ a 's promotion to the Sacred College of Cardinals .
He was the first Catholic pope to visit and pray in an Islamic mosque , in Damascus , Syria in 2001 .
While studying such topics as philology and various languages at the University , he worked as a volunteer librarian and was required to participate in compulsory military training in the Academic Legion , but he refused to fire a weapon .
Pope John Paul II Park is a feature of Boston , Massachusetts while Pope John Paul II Drive serves residents of Chicago , Illinois .
II , Italian : Giovanni Paolo II , Polish : Jan PaweÅ II -RRB- , born Karol JÃ zef WojtyÅ a \/ Ë kaÉ 3\/4 É '' l Ë juzÉ f vÉ '' iË tÉ wa \/ -LRB- 18 May 1920 â `` 2 April 2005 -RRB- , reigned as Pope of the Catholic Church and Sovereign of The Holy See from 16 October 1978 until his death on 2 April 2005 , at of age .
He was the first reigning pope to travel to the United Kingdom , in 1982 , where he met Queen Elizabeth II , the Supreme Governor of the Church of England .
Pope John Paul II is the only Slavic or Polish Pope to date , and was the first non-Italian Pope since Dutch Pope Adrian VI , who reigned 1522 to 1523 .
He also traveled to countries that no pope had ever visited before .
John Paul I died after only 33 days as Pope , thereby precipitating another conclave .
Karol JÃ zef WojtyÅ a -LRB- Anglicised : Charles Joseph Wojtyla -RRB- was born in the Polish town of Wadowice and was the youngest of three children of Karol WojtyÅ a , an ethnic Pole , and Emilia Kaczorowska , who was of Lithuanian ancestry .
According to the Vatican , Pope John Paul II 's remains -LRB- which will not be exhumed and exposed -RRB- will be moved from the grotto beneath St. Peter 's Basilica , where he is presently buried , to a marble stone monument in Pier Paolo Cristofari 's Chapel of St. Sebastian , which is where Blessed Pope Innocent XI is currently buried ; Blessed Pope Innocent 's remains will likely be moved .
Two of John Paul II 's earliest official visits were to Mexico in January , 1979 and Poland in June 1979 , where he was constantly surrounded by ecstatic crowds .
In 1939 , Nazi German occupation forces closed the Jagiellonian University after the invasion of Poland .
On later trips to Poland , he gave tacit support to the organization .
He visited the Umayyad Mosque , a former Christian church where John the Baptist is believed to be interred , where he made a speech calling for Muslims , Christians and Jews to work together .
All able-bodied males were required to work , and , from 1940 to 1944 , WojtyÅ a variously worked as a messenger for a restaurant , a manual labourer in a limestone quarry and for the Solvay chemical factory to avoid being deported to Germany .
This more prominent location , next to the Chapel of the Pieta , the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament and statues of Popes Pius XI and Pius XII , will increase the number of pilgrims capable of viewing his memorial .
In mid-1938 , Karol WojtyÅ a and his father left Wadowice and moved to KrakÃ w , where he enrolled at the Jagiellonian University .
His mother died on 13 April 1929 , when he was eight years old .
When he became pope in 1978 , John Paul II was already an avid sportsman .
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
It 's a project under construction so the instructions might not be available or up-to-date yet .
This is a supportive template for various infoboxes from the : Category : Geobox series , not intended to be used on its own .
Please , see the instructions there .
Kiloware usually consists of used stamps on paper from mail clippings , although off paper stamps may also be sold as kiloware .
Kiloware is a term for packages of postage stamps sold to stamp collectors by weight rather than by quantity , often in kilograms , hence the name .
Dorothy-Marie `` Dot '' Jones -LRB- born January 4 , 1964 -RRB- is an athlete and actress who has had multiple roles in television .
She is currently starring in Glee as Shannon Beiste .
2017 -LRB- MMXVII -RRB- will be a common year starting on a Sunday .
VÃ lber da Silva Costa -LRB- born 6 December 1971 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
McGuinn and Hillman decided to recruit new members , including country rock pioneer Gram Parsons , but by late 1968 , Hillman and Parsons had also exited the band .
The original lineup of Gene Clark , Michael Clarke , David Crosby , Chris Hillman and Roger McGuinn was honored at this induction .
The American Film Institute is an independent non-profit organization created by the National Endowment for the Arts , which was established in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act .
The American Film Institute re-opened the AFI Silver theater in Silver Spring , Maryland , near Washington , D.C. , in April 2003 .
Jean Picker Firstenberg was President and CEO from 1980 to 2007 .
George Stevens , Jr. , was the founding director .
That company formed Spin Media LLC as a holding company .
The new owners replaced editor-in-chief -LRB- since 2002 -RRB- Sia Michel with Andy Pemberton , a former editor at Blender .
In February 2006 , Miller Publishing sold the magazine for less than US$ 5 million to a San Francisco-based company called the McEvoy Group LLC , which was also the owner of Chronicle Books .
Guccione sold the magazine to Miller Publishing in 1997 .
Pemberton and Spin parted ways the next month , in June 2006 .
The first issue to be published under his brief command was the July 2006 issueâ '' sent to the printer in May 2006 â '' which featured BeyoncÃ on the cover .
Although the child 's removal caused enormous tension between Anne and James , Henry remained under the care of Mar 's family until 1603 , when James became King of England and his family moved south .
Henry was born at Stirling Castle and became Duke of Rothesay , Earl of Carrick , Baron of Renfrew , Lord of the Isles and Prince and Great Steward of Scotland automatically on his birth .
Subsequently , the heirship to the English and Scottish thrones passed to his younger brother Charles .
However , at the age of 18 , he predeceased his father when he died of typhoid fever .
His tutor until he went to England was Sir George Lauder of The Bass , a Privy Counsellor -- described as the King 's `` familiar councillor '' -- and he was also tutored in music by Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger .
Henry Frederick Stuart , Prince of Wales -LRB- 19 February 1594 â `` 6 November 1612 -RRB- was the elder son of King James I & VI and Anne of Denmark .
Prince Henry was widely seen as a bright and promising heir to his father 's throne .
His father placed him in the care of Alexander Erskine , Earl of Mar , and out of the care of the boy 's mother , because James worried that the mother 's tendency toward Catholicism might affect the son .
His name derives from his grandfathers : Henry Stuart , Lord Darnley and Frederick II of Denmark .
is the 11th studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
The character is the first of a set of six new Joker 's Cards .
Kingsley Amis was born in Clapham , south London , the son of William Robert Amis , a mustard manufacturer 's clerk .
In 1965 , he wrote the popular The James Bond Dossier under his own name .
Kingsley Amis was married a second time , to the novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard from 1965 to 1983 , with whom he had no children .
That same year , he wrote The Book of Bond , or , Every Man His Own 007 , a tongue-in-cheek how-to manual about being a sophisticated spy , under the pseudonym `` Lt Col. William -LRB- ` Bill ' -RRB- Tanner '' , Tanner being M 's Chief of Staff in many of Fleming 's Bond novels .
Sir Kingsley William Amis , CBE -LRB- 16 April 1922 â `` 22 October 1995 -RRB- was an English novelist , poet , critic , and teacher .
He divorced Hilary in 1965 , and then married Howard the same year ; Jane and Kingsley divorced in 1983 .
He was the father of English novelist Martin Amis .
In 1963 , Hilary discovered Amis ' love affair with novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard .
It was there that he met Philip Larkin , with whom he formed the most important friendship of his life .
After serving in the Royal Corps of Signals in the Second World War , Amis returned to Oxford in October 1945 to complete his degree .
He was educated at the City of London School , and in April 1941 was admitted to St. John 's College , Oxford , where he read English .
He wrote more than 20 novels , six volumes of poetry , a memoir , various short stories , radio and television scripts , along with works of social and literary criticism .
Swordfish is a particularly popular fish for cooking .
The International Game Fish Association 's all-tackle angling record for a swordfish was a 1,182 lb -LRB- 536.15 kg -RRB- specimen taken off Chile in 1953 .
Since swordfish are large animals , meat is usually sold as steaks , which are often grilled .
Swordfish are elongated , round-bodied , and lose all teeth and scales by adulthood .
The color of the flesh varies by diet , with fish caught on the east coast of North America often being rosier .
Many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish .
Swordfish -LRB- Xiphias gladius ; from Greek Î 3\/4 Î Ï Î Ï : sword , and Latin gladius : sword -RRB- , also known as broadbill in some countries , are large , highly migratory , predatory fish characterized by a long , flat bill .
They are a popular sport fish of the billfish category , though elusive .
Hayato Sasaki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
His efforts helped bring about the independent and unified Italy in place of the several separate states , many dominated by foreign powers , that existed until the 19th century .
Giuseppe Mazzini -LRB- 22 June 1805 -- 10 March 1872 -RRB- , nicknamed `` Soul of Italy , '' was an Italian politician , journalist and activist for the unification of Italy .
He also helped define the modern European movement for popular democracy in a republican state .
Karl Marx , on an interview by R. Landor in 1871 , said that Mazzini 's ideas represent `` nothing better than the old idea of a middle-class republic . ''
Marx believed , especially after the Revolutions of 1848 , that this alleged middle class point of view had become reactionary and the proletariat had nothing to do with it .
In addition to the nature of democracy under Fujimori , Peruvians were becoming increasingly interested in the myriad criminal allegations involving Fujimori and his chief of the National Intelligence Service , Vladimiro Montesinos .
Neurologist Oliver Sacks posits that human affinity for rhythm is fundamental , so much that a person 's sense of rhythm can not be lost in the way that music and language can -LRB- e.g. by stroke -RRB- .
Phonetic transcription focuses on phonetic and phonological properties of spoken language .
Most phonetic transcription systems are based on the International Phonetic Alphabet or , especially in speech technology , on its derivative SAMPA .
Aqa Ali Shah became Imam of the Ismailis upon the death of his father in 1881 , also inheriting his father 's title of Aga Khan .
Prior to going to India , Aqa Ali Shah had developed close relations with the leader of one of the Nimatullahi branches , Rahmat Ali Shah , who had been a guest of Aga Khan I in Mahallat in 1833 . After Rahmat Ali Shah 's death in 1861 , Aqa Ali Shah often sent money from India for the recitation of the Qur ` an at his grave in Shiraz .
On his father 's side , Aga Ali Shah traced his ancestry to the Prophet Muhammad , through his daughter Fatima and his son-in-law Ali b. Abi Talib .
Aqa Ali Shah was not only a skilful rider , but also an avid sportsman and hunter , and was particularly famous for his hunting of tigers in India . He was known to have pursued tigers on foot and to have had such a deadly shot that he bagged at least forty tigers in this manner .
Benay is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Note : This list is limited to linguists who have worked specifically on the Altaic problem since the publication of the first volume of Ramstedt 's EinfÃ 1\/4 hrung in 1952 .
Roy Andrew Miller 's 1971 book Japanese and the Other Altaic Languages convinced most Altaicists that Japanese also belonged to Altaic -LRB- Poppe 1976:470 -RRB- .
Other common utility pole materials are steel and concrete , with composites -LRB- such as fibreglass -RRB- also becoming more prevalent .
It can be referred to as a telephone pole , power pole , hydro pole , telegraph pole , or telegraph post , depending on its application .
ClÃ udio AndrÃ Mergen Taffarel -LRB- born 8 May 1966 in Santa Rosa , Rio Grande do Sul -RRB- is a Brazilian former football goalkeeper .
The ceremony has created spin-off teen awards on YouTube .
The program features a number of celebrities and musical performers .
The program honors the year 's biggest achievements in music , movies , sports , television , fashion and more , as voted on by teens aged 13 â `` 19 .
The Teen Choice Awards is a teen awards show presented annually by Fox .
Joan Capdevila i MÃ ndez -LRB- ; born 3 February 1978 in TÃ rrega , Lleida , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Villarreal CF and Spain .
The grand council of the canton meets in Weinfelden during the winter .
The name Weinfelden is first documented in 838 .
In 1830 , Thomas Bornhauser spoke to a large crowd in Weinfelden , demanding a liberal constitution for the canton .
It is the capital of the district of the same name .
Already in the year 124 AD , there was a Roman bridge over the Thur at Weinfelden .
Weinfelden was by far the biggest town in the canton of Thurgau .
It is one of the first -LRB- if not the first -RRB- such document .
In 1798 , Paul Reinhart and his committee led the area to freedom from the domination of the Eidgenossen .
Weinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Portraits of both Paul Reinhart and Thomas Bornhauser hang in the Rathaus .
In 1803 , Thurgau became an independent canton , through the mediation of Napoleon , with Frauenfeld as capital .
Since it lies in the middle of the canton , part of the cantonal administration is located in the town , as is the Thurgau cantonal bank .
The Order of Australia is an order of chivalry established by Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia on 14 February 1975 `` for the purpose of according recognition to Australian citizens and other persons for achievement or for meritorious service '' .
A post office was established in 1866 as Weiser Ranch . In 1871 , it was renamed Weiser .
Utopia is a philosophical concept coined after Sir Thomas More 's work Utopia .
Maintenay is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Near the end of the show 's run , the couple had a baby daughter , whom they named Mabel .
The show starred Paul Reiser and Helen Hunt as a newly married couple in New York City .
Mad About You is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 23 , 1992 to May 24 , 1999 .
EERI members include researchers , geologists , geotechnical engineers , educators , government officials , and building code regulators .
The Earthquake Engineering Research Institute -LRB- EERI -RRB- is a leading technical society in dissemination of earthquake risk and earthquake engineering research both in the U.S. and globally .
Their mission , as stated in their 5 year plan published in 2006 , has three points .
The term beekeeper usually refers to a person who keeps honey bees in hives , boxes , or other receptacles . Honey bees are not domesticated and the beekeeper does not control the creatures .
Francis Harry Compton Crick OM FRS -LRB- 8 June 1916 â `` 28 July 2004 -RRB- was an English molecular biologist , biophysicist , and neuroscientist , and most noted for being one of two co-discoverers of the structure of the DNA molecule in 1953 , together with James D. Watson .
Prior to publication of the double helix structure , Watson and Crick had little interaction with Franklin . Crick and Watson felt that they had benefited from collaborating with Maurice Wilkins .
Southeast Islands -RRB- , or Lesser Sunda Islands , are a group of islands in the middle-south part of Maritime Southeast Asia or the eastern part of Indonesia Together with the Greater Sunda Islands to the west they make up the Sunda Islands .
Adelomyrmex boltoni has been discovered on 1982-10-25 by F. Baud in Paraguay and described by Fernandez , F. in 2003 .
Further data has been contributed by Wild , A. L. in 2007 , .
Huet played twenty minutes in all of the 2010 Stanley Cup Playoffs , with Niemi playing the rest , and the Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup with a playoff record of 16-6 .
Cristobal Huet -LRB- ; born September 3 , 1975 in Saint-Martin-d ` HÃ res , IsÃ re , France -RRB- is a French professional ice hockey goaltender playing for Fribourg-Gott Ã ron of the Swiss National League A , on loan from the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League .
He is the first netminder and second player overall -LRB- after Philippe Bozon -RRB- from France to play in the NHL .
Club AtlÃ tico Progreso , usually known simply as Progreso is an Uruguayan football club based in Montevideo . It currently plays in the Second Professional Division .
Wood 's acting has drawn critical praise , and she has been described by The Guardian newspaper as being `` wise beyond her years '' and as `` one of the best actresses of her generation . ''
Wood continued acting mostly in independent films , including Pretty Persuasion -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Down in the Valley -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Running with Scissors -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and in the big studio production Across the Universe -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
Evan Rachel Wood -LRB- born September 7 , 1987 -RRB- is an American actress and singer .
She began her acting career in the late 1990s , appearing in several television series , including American Gothic and Once and Again .
Wood was in a relationship with singer Marilyn Manson , to whom she was engaged in 2010 .
She made her debut as a leading film actress in Little Secrets -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and became well-known after her transition to a more adult-oriented Golden Globe-nominated role in the teen drama film Thirteen -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
The party has historically been associated with the Provisional IRA .
Sinn FÃ in -LRB- Ë Ê É nË feÉ n , -RRB- is a left wing republican political party in Ireland .
Sinn FÃ in is led by Gerry Adams .
Originating in the Sinn FÃ in organization founded in 1905 by Arthur Griffith , it took its current form in 1970 after a split within the party .
It is the fourth largest party in DÃ il Ã ireann , the parliament of the Republic of Ireland .
Dawn Fraser AO , MBE -LRB- born 4 September 1937 -RRB- is an Australian champion swimmer .
She is one of only two swimmers to win the same Olympic event three times â `` in her case the 100 meters freestyle .
It is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Bayswater is a London Underground station in the Bayswater area of the City of Westminster .
The villagers of Maratha and Santalaris were buried in the same grave .
89 -LRB- or 84 -RRB- people from Maratha and Santalaris were killed , and a further 37 people were killed in the village of Aloda .
84 \/ 89 of the 207 people in Maratha and Santalaris were killed , but there is sources which say that some people escaped from the massacre , some people left the villages in the 1960-74 period and some people were not in the villages when the inhabitants were massacred .
The inhabitants of the three villages were buried in mass graves by a bulldozer .
Maratha , Santalaris and Aloda massacre , refers to the massacre of Turkish Cypriots by EOKA B on 14 August 1974 in the villages of Maratha , Santalaris and Aloda .
Grady County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Chickasha .
As of 2006 , the population was 50,490 .
Suguru Ito -LRB- born 7 September 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Its place in evolutionary theory comes under long-term trends or directional evolution .
It is not claimed that this pattern is universal , but there are now a wide range of examples from many different taxa .
By its very nature , the evidence for this idea comes mainly from palaeontology .
Mosaic evolution -LRB- or modular evolution -RRB- is the concept that evolutionary change takes place in some body parts or systems without simultaneous changes in other parts .
Australian police informer Aaron Sherritt -LRB- died 26 June 1880 -RRB- was an associate of the gang of outlaws led by Ned Kelly . He grew up in the same area as them and was especially close to gang member Joe Byrne .
Raquel Welch -LRB- born September 5 , 1940 -RRB- is an American actress , author and sex symbol .
Alfred Kelbassa -LRB- 21 April 1925 in Gelsenkirchen-Buer - 11 August 1988 in Dortmund -RRB- was a German football player .
The Second Geneva Convention , for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded , Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea , is one of the four treaties of the Geneva Conventions . It was first adopted in 1906 , after the Russo-Japanese war , but was significantly updated in 1929 and again in 1949 .
The Union Council of Tajwal is subdivided into the following areas : Nowshera , Pirkot , Tajwal and Topla .
Tajwal is a beautiful valley , near by Changla Gali en-route from Murree to Abbottabad .
Tajwal is located in the south of the district and is in the north western part of Havelian Tehsil , it is bounded by the following union councils , Nathia Gali to the north , Palak to the east , Seer Gharbi and Nara to the south , as well as Dewal Manal and Nara to the west .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Some types of micropenis can be addressed with growth hormone or testosterone treatment in early childhood .
Human penis size is the measured length and width of the human penis .
The most accurate measurement of the human penis comes from several measurements at different times , as there is natural variability in size due to arousal level , time of day , room temperature , frequency of sexual activity , and unreliability of the measurement methods .
Endocrine disruptor resulting from chemical exposure has been linked to genital deformation in both sexes -LRB- among many other problems -RRB- .
Widespread private concerns related to penis size have led to a number of folklore sayings and popular culture reflections related to penis size .
The perception of having a large penis is often linked to higher self esteem .
One Australian study of 184 men looked at penis length and circumference in relationship to condom breakage or slippage .
Chemicals from both synthetic -LRB- e.g. pesticides , anti-bacterial Triclosan , plasticizers for plastics , etc. . . -RRB- and natural -LRB- e.g. chemicals found in tea tree oil and lavender oil -RRB- sources have been linked to various degrees of endocrine disruption .
It has been suggested that differences in penis size between individuals are caused not only by genetics , but also by environmental factors such as culture , diet , chemical\/pollution exposure , etc. .
Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis relative to that of others , because of the foreshortening obtained from looking down , or because of the accumulation of fat at the base of the penis .
Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis relative to that of others , and many men who believe that their penis is of inadequate size have average-sized penises .
Some of the identifiable causes are deficiency of pituitary growth hormone and\/or gonadotropins , mild degrees of androgen insensitivity , a variety of genetic syndromes , and variations in certain Homeobox genes .
Flaccid penis length is a poor estimate of erect length .
An adult penis with an erect length of less than 7 cm or just over 2 inches but otherwise formed normally is referred to in a medical context as having the micropenis condition .
Another study found sex education of standard penile measurements to be helpful and relieving for patients concerned about small penis size , most of whom had incorrect beliefs of what is considered medically normal .
One study found a weak correlation between the size of the stretched penis and foot size and height . Another investigation failed to find any evidence for a link between shoe size and stretched penis size .
Age is not believed to negatively correlate with penis size , and studies have not found a relation between penis size and race .
A survey by sexologists showed that many men who believed that their penis was of inadequate size had average-sized penises .
Penis length did not influence slippage , but penis circumference and broken condoms were strongly correlated , with larger sizes increasing the rate of breakage .
This was also the case in medieval Arabic literature , where a longer penis was preferred , as described in an Arabian Nights tale called `` Ali with the Large Member '' . As a witty satire of this fantasy , the 9th century Afro-Arab author Al-Jahiz wrote : `` If the length of the penis were a sign of honor , then the mule would belong to the -LRB- honorable tribe of -RRB- Quraysh '' .
For women , width rather than length is a more important factor of sexual stimulation . Fear of shrinking of the penis in folklore have led to a type of mass hysteria called penis panic , though the penis legitimately can shrink in size due to scar tissue formation in the penis from a medical condition called Peyronie 's disease .
Anna Maria Bligh -LRB- born 14 July 1960 -RRB- is an Australian politician and the Premier of Queensland since 2007 .
Such a skeleton is present in echinoderms and chordates .
The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense ; here , a mollusc exoskeleton evolved into several sorts of internal structure , the `` cuttlebone '' of cuttlefish being the best-known version .
A true endoskeleton is derived from mesodermal tissue .
Hardanges is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Retford has an established football team called Retford United F.C. which plays at Cannon Park on the outskirts of Retford . Retford is also home to Retford Town F.C. , a smaller football club , and East Retford R.U.F.C. , who play Rugby Union .
China has defended its ties with the Khmer Rouge .
The seat was retained under the name `` Democratic Kampuchea '' until 1982 , and then `` Coalition Government of Democratic Kampuchea '' -LRB- see below -RRB- until 1993 .
The team was formed in 1971 as the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association , and moved into the NHL in 1979 as the Hartford Whalers , relocating to North Carolina in 1997 .
They won their first Stanley Cup during the 2005 â `` 06 season , beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to three .
Minco is a city in Grady County , Oklahoma , United States .
Nereid -LRB- or ; -RRB- , also known as Neptune II , is the third-largest moon of Neptune .
The unusual orbit suggests that it may be either a captured asteroid or Kuiper belt object , or that it was an inner moon in the past and was perturbed during the capture of Neptune 's largest moon Triton .
It is named after the Nereids , sea-nymphs of Greek mythology and attendants of the god Neptune .
Nereid was discovered on May 1 , 1949 , by Gerard P. Kuiper , on photographic plates taken with the 82-inch telescope at the McDonald Observatory . He proposed the name in the report of his discovery .
President Chen Shui-bian -LRB- 2000-May 2008 -RRB- fully supported the idea that the `` Republic of China is an independent , sovereign country '' but held the view that the Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan does not belong to the People 's Republic of China . This is suggested in his Four-stage Theory of the Republic of China .
The People 's Republic of China until the 1990s had made it clear that `` there is only one China in the world '' , `` Taiwan is an inalienable part of China '' and `` the Government of the People 's Republic of China is the sole legal government of China '' .
The position of most supporters of Taiwan independence is that the PRC is the government of China , that Taiwan is not part of China , and the ` Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- ' is an independent , sovereign state .
Apologists have based their defense of Christianity on historical evidence , philosophical arguments , scientific investigation , and other disciplines .
Christian apologetics is a field of Christian theology that aims to present a rational basis for the Christian faith , defend the faith against objections , and expose the perceived flaws of other world views .
Shinya Mitsuoka -LRB- b. 22 April 1976 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Lao-Tzu is traditionally regarded as the founder of Taoism and is closely associated in this context with `` original '' , or `` primordial '' , Taoism .
Taoism does not fall strictly under an umbrella or a definition of an organized religion like the Abrahamic traditions , nor can it purely be studied as the originator or a variant of Chinese folk religion , as much of the traditional religion is outside of the tenets and core teachings of Taoism . Robinet asserts that Taoism is better understood as a way of life than as a religion , and that its adherents do not approach or view Taoism the way non-Taoist historians have done .
`` All at Once '' is a song by Denver-based piano rock band The Fray and is the fourth track and fourth single from their debut album , How to Save a Life .
The video reached # 6 on the VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown .
Rockport is located at .
Cadarsac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Luterbach is a municipality in the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
background-color : # CCFFCC ; border : 1px solid # 009900 ; margin : 0.5 em ; padding : 0.5 em ;
Other major streets are named -LRB- in French -RRB- for notable Mauritanian or international figures of the 1960s : Avenue Abdel Nasser , Avenue Charles de Gaulle , Avenue Kennedy , and Avenue Lumumba , for example .
In 1957 , this small port town was chosen to be the capital of the new country , and an ambitious building program was begun to increase its population to 15,000 , starting a year later .
The city also features an international airport , Nouakchott International Airport .
It is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids were originally from the area .
A tiny fishing town until 1958 , Nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
Nouakchott has a deep-sea port , opened in 1986 , primarily used for imports .
Mauritania was part of the larger French colony of French West Africa , and as such had no capital during the colonial period : Saint-Louis , in Senegal , held that position .
Attractions in Nouakchott include Nouakchott Museum , several markets including Nouakchott Silver Market , and the beaches .
Although Islam is the state religion in Mauritania , Nouakchott includes the Cathedral of St. Joseph , a Catholic cathedral .
Nouakchott is built around a large tree-lined street , Avenue Abdel Nasir , which runs northeast through the city center from the airport .
The city has had rapid growth , driven by the north African drought since the beginning of the 1970s : many have moved to the city in search of a better life .
The final troop withdrawal started on May 15 , 1988 , and ended on February 15 , 1989 under the last Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev .
The agreement on withdrawal held , and on February 15 , 1989 , the last Soviet troops departed on schedule from Afghanistan .
Supposedly , two of Amin 's guards killed the former president Nur Muhammad Taraki with a pillow , and Amin was suspected to be a CIA agent .
The 1987 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average hurricane season that was limited by an ongoing El NiÃ o. The season officially began on June 1 , 1987 , and lasted until November 30 , 1987 , although activity began on May 25 when a tropical depression developed 400 m in the east central Bahamas .
Robert James `` Rab '' Douglas -LRB- born 24 April 1972 in Lanark -RRB- is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Dundee .
It is the county seat of Haskell County .
Stigler is a city in Haskell County , Oklahoma , United States .
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Iacobeni is a commune located in Suceava County in the Bukovina region of northern Romania .
The episode deals with Lisa 's depression and her attempts to sublimate it by playing her saxophone .
The episode was written by Al Jean and Mike Reiss , and was directed by Wes Archer .
`` Moaning Lisa '' is the sixth episode of The Simpsons first season , and originally aired February 11 , 1990 .
Ron Taylor guest stars in the episode as Bleeding Gums Murphy .
Republika Srpska -LRB- Serbian Cyrillic : Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð -RRB- is one of two main political entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina , the other being the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
FranÃ ois Jean Dominique Arago -LRB- ; , ; 26 February 1786 â `` 2 October 1853 -RRB- was a French mathematician , physicist , astronomer and politician .
Enzo Anselmo Ferrari -LRB- February 18 , 1898 â `` August 14 , 1988 -RRB- Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI was an Italian race car driver and entrepreneur , the founder of the Scuderia Ferrari Grand Prix motor racing team , and subsequently of the Ferrari car manufacturer . He was often referred to as `` il Commendatore ''
Some of world 's busiest ferry routes include the Star Ferry in Hong Kong and the Staten Island Ferry in New York City .
Loubaresse is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Shadow of the Giant -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is the fourth novel in Orson Scott Card 's Ender 's Shadow series .
Guny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Potassium arsenite -LRB- KAsO2 -RRB- is the compound which forms the basis of Fowler 's solution and is used as a specific rodenticide .
The eyes on a damselfly are apart ; in most dragonflies the eyes touch .
They are usually found around lakes , ponds , streams and wetlands because their larvae , known as `` nymphs '' , are aquatic .
It is characterized by large multifaceted eyes , two pairs of strong transparent wings , and an elongated body .
There are other distinctions that set them apart : most damselflies hold their wings at rest together above the torso or held slightly open above -LRB- such as in the family Lestidae -RRB- , whereas most dragonflies at rest hold their wings perpendicular to their body , horizontally or occasionally slightly down and forward .
Dragonflies are valuable predators that eat mosquitoes , and other small insects like flies , bees , ants , and very rarely butterflies .
Dragonflies are similar to damselflies , but the adults can be differentiated by the fact that the wings of most dragonflies are held away from , and perpendicular to , the body when at rest .
Dragonflies possess six legs -LRB- like any other insect -RRB- , but most of them can not walk well .
Stephen Ayodele Makinwa -LRB- born 26 July 1983 in Lagos , Nigeria -RRB- is a Nigerian football striker , who is currently playing for Larissa . Makinwa also plays for the Nigerian national team .
Only up to five non-Israeli nationals can be in an Israeli club squad .
Hapoel Tel Aviv Football Club -LRB- , Moadon HaKaduregel Hapoel Tel Aviv -RRB- is an Israeli football club based in Tel Aviv .
Shield volcanoes are not only limited to Earth , but have been found on Mars .
The most famous example is Olympus Mons , a shield volcano that is the highest known mountain in the solar system .
Shield volcanoes are found worldwide .
The storm weakened as it continued to move north over the United States , becoming extratropical on June 13 .
Tropical Storm Arlene formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved northwards .
It crossed western Cuba on June 10 and strengthened to just under hurricane strength before making its final landfall on the Florida Panhandle the next day .
This wave information travels across the air-filled middle ear cavity via a series of delicate bones : the malleus -LRB- hammer -RRB- , incus -LRB- anvil -RRB- and stapes -LRB- stirrup -RRB- .
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense of hearing .
Sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanic membrane , or eardrum .
The folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal are called the pinna .
The middle ear still contains the sound information in wave form ; it is converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea .
Brimeux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Dubnium , is a chemical element with the symbol Db and atomic number 105 , named after town of Dubna in Russia , where it was first produced .
Agastache , is a genus of 9 â `` 12 species of perennial herbs in the family Lamiaceae , native to eastern Asia -LRB- one species -RRB- and North America -LRB- the rest -RRB- .
Carlos Arcecio Bianchi -LRB- born 26 April 1949 in Buenos Aires , Argentina -RRB- , popularly known as El Virrey , is a prolific Argentine football forward turned manager .
Brasschaat is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of Antwerp . The municipality only comprises the town of Brasschaat proper .
Short I -LRB- Ð Ð ; italics : Ð Ð -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
In Russian , Short I appears predominantly in diphthongs like \/ ij \/ in Ñ Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð -LRB- shirokiy ` wide ' -RRB- , \/ aj \/ in Ð Ñ Ð Ð -LRB- kray ` end ' , ` krai ' -RRB- , \/ ej \/ in Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð '' Ð Ð -LRB- doley ` portion ' -RRB- , \/ oj \/ in Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð -LRB- goroy ` mountain ' -RRB- , and \/ uj \/ in Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 -LRB- buystvo ` rage ' -RRB- . It is used in other positions only in foreign words , such as Ð opÐ -LRB- York -RRB- , or even fellow Slavic words like Ð oÐ oÐ Ð Ñ -LRB- Yovovich -RRB- .
It is made of the Cyrillic letter Ð with a breve .
He was the first Norwegian to play in the NHL , playing a single game with the Detroit Red Wings during the 1978 â `` 79 NHL season .
BjÃ rn Skaare -LRB- 29 October 1958 â `` 21 June 1989 -RRB- was a Norwegian ice hockey player .
Fargues-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
All bases of a vector space have the same cardinality -LRB- number of elements -RRB- , called the dimension of the vector space .
Again , B denotes a subset of a vector space V. Then , B is a basis if and only if any of the following equivalent conditions are met :
RÃ dermark was founded on 1 January 1977 out of the up until this point self-administering communities of Ober-Roden and Urberach .
On 23 August 1980 , RÃ dermark was officially granted town rights .
RÃ dermark is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse , Germany , southeast of Frankfurt am Main and northeast of Darmstadt .
Year 1978 -LRB- MCMLXXVIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
The World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Daniel Constantine `` Dan '' Marino , Jr. -LRB- born September 15 , 1961 -RRB- is a retired American quarterback who played for the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League .
Despite never being on a Super Bowl-winning team , he is recognized as one of the greatest quarterbacks in American football history .
Scottsville is a city in and the county seat of Allen County , Kentucky , United States .
Empress , the female equivalent , may indicate an emperor 's wife -LRB- empress consort -RRB- or a woman who rules in her own right -LRB- empress regnant -RRB- .
A shared services company known as BellSouth Services was created to provide centralized functions such as engineering and information technology to Southern Bell and South Central Bell .
Services provided in the BellSouth operating area include telephone and DSL\/Dial-Up Internet services in the States of Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee .
Cincinnati Bell has taken BellSouth 's place for payphones in northern BellSouth territory ; independents have set in further south .
The European Union Youth Orchestra -LRB- EUYO -RRB- is a training orchestra for young people in the European Union .
It is funded centrally by the European Union and by a number of EU member states .
This period spanned the years from April 1288 through August 1293 .
The reigning emperor was Fushimi-tenn Å .
ShÅ Å was a Japanese era name after KÅ an and before Einin .
Damian is the youngest son of Bob Marley .
Gong '' Marley -LRB- born July 21 , 1978 -RRB- is a reggae artist who has won three Grammy awards .
Besian Idrizaj -LRB- 12 October 1987 â `` 15 May 2010 -RRB- was an Austrian professional football player who last played as a striker for Championship side Swansea City .
Andoni Zubizarreta Urreta -LRB- born 23 October 1961 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
2026 -LRB- MMXXVI -RRB- will be a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar .
The reverse template is StateAbbr .
It is called with the two-digit code as the parameter .
â `` Converts the two-digit FIPS State Code parameter given into the 2-letter State Abbr . , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the two-letter upper case code of the region for the 2-digit FIPS state code or the EAS Code for the Emergency Alert System .
The reverse template is StateName .
It is called with the two-letter abbreviation as the parameter .
This is one of a group of templates used to translate the state name , the abbreviation or the FIPS code from one to the other .
Note : This Documentation Template is used to document the use of other templates .
â `` Converts the two-digit FIPS State Code parameter given into the full name of the state , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the full name of the region for the 2-digit FIPS state code or the EAS Code for the Emergency Alert System .
It is called with the state name as the parameter .
This template produces the two-digit FIPS state code when supplied the two-letter upper case abbreviation for the state .
The reverse template is FIPSCode .
These templates are used as follows :
The reverse template is FIPSStateAbbr .
â `` Converts the 2-letter State Abbr .
when given the full name of the US State .
Note : If you edit any of these templates -LRB- because of name changes or new states -RRB- you need to change all of them .
to the 2-digit FIPS state code , e.g. ' returns ' .
â `` Convert to full state name from two-letter code , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the full name of the US State when given the 2-letter State Abbr . .
â `` Convert to two-letter code from full state name , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the 2-letter State Abbr .
While admission to some concerts is free , it is common practice to charge money for concerts by selling admission tickets . Historically , concerts were the primary source of revenue for musicians .
He attended the British School at Rome from 1965-1966 , and received his PhD in 1968 from the University of Nottingham .
Malcolm Charles Barber -LRB- born March 4 , 1943 -RRB- is a British scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading living expert on the Knights Templar .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK , until his retirement in September 2004 .
He has been an editor for The Journal of Medieval History and written many articles on the Templars , the Cathars , various elements of the Crusades , and the reign of Philip IV of France .
Born in 1943 , Barber attended Walpole Grammar School in Ealing from 1954-1961 , followed by the University of Nottingham from 1961-1966 , where he received his Bachelors Degree in 1964 .
Jermain Colin Defoe -LRB- born 7 October 1982 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur , and the England national football team .
Swalwell has an elevation of .
The plant cost Â # 35 million -LRB- 37 million euro , as of 23-12-2008 -RRB- and covers 77 hectares of land .
Just under 1,500 `` SOLON-Movers '' tracker mounted arrays convert sunlight into environmentally friendly power , generating as much as the average consumption of the nearby town of Arnstein .
On the former wine-producing Erlasee estate near Arnstein in Bavaria , in southern Germany , Solon SE has constructed what is currently the largest tracking photovoltaic solar power station in the world with an output of 12 MW .
The Erlasee Solar Park , also sometimes called the Gut Erlasee Solar Park , is a photovoltaic power station located in one of the sunniest regions of Germany .
It took over the functions of the London School Board in 1903 , and Dr C W Kimmins was appointed chief inspector of the education department in 1904 .
London County Council -LRB- LCC -RRB- was the principal local government body for the County of London , throughout its 1889 â `` 1965 existence , and the first London-wide general municipal authority to be directly elected .
While the Conservative government of the day would have preferred not to create a single body covering the whole of London , their electoral pact with Liberal Unionists led them to this policy .
The LCC inherited the powers of its predecessor the MBW , but also had wider authority over matters such as education , city planning and council housing .
It covered the area today known as Inner London and was replaced by the Greater London Council .
Although this was not achieved , it led to the creation of 28 metropolitan boroughs as lower tier authorities to replace the various local vestries and boards in 1900 ; they assumed some powers of the LCC and shared others .
The creation of the LCC in 1889 , as part of the Local Government Act 1888 , was forced by a succession of scandals involving the MBW , and was also prompted by a general desire to create a competent government for the city , capable of strategising and delivering services effectively .
The LCC was the largest , most significant and ambitious municipal authority of its day .
The National Geographic Channel , also commercially abbreviated as Nat Geo , is an Asian subscription television channel that features non-fiction , factual programming involving nature , science , culture , and history , produced by the National Geographic Society , just like History and the Discovery Channel .
As of 2008 , the Asian version of National Geographic Channel is available in over 56 million homes .
NGC Asia has six different channels feeds .
It was launched in 1 January 1994 in partnership and distribution with Star TV , a Hong Kong-based pan-Asian satellite network owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , replacing the NBC Asia channel .
Elaine is a city in Phillips County , Arkansas , United States .
Due to the odd number of cylinders in each bank , V6 designs are inherently unbalanced , regardless of their V-angle .
90 Â V6 engines are also produced , usually so they can use the same production-line tooling set up to produce V8 engines -LRB- which normally have a 90 Â V angle -RRB- .
When Buick designed a 90 Â V6 based on their 90 Â V8 , they initially used a simpler three-throw crankshaft laid out in the same manner as the V8 with pairs of connecting rods sharing the same crankpin , which resulted in firing intervals alternating between 90 Â and 150 Â .
Concentrating on the first order rocking motion , the V6 can be assumed to consist of two separate straight-3 where counterweights on the crankshaft and a counter rotating balancer shaft compensate the first order rocking motion .
In 1959 , GM introduced a heavy-duty 305 inÂ -LRB- 5 L -RRB- 60 Â V6 for use in their pickup trucks and Suburbans , an engine design that was later enlarged to 478 inÂ -LRB- 7.8 L -RRB- for heavy truck and bus use .
Unlike the 60 Â or 90 Â configuration , it allows pairs of pistons to share crank pins in a three-throw crankshaft without requiring flying arms or split crankpins to be even-firing .
The 120 Â layout also produces an engine which is too wide for most automobile engine compartments , so it is more often used in racing cars where the car is designed around the engine rather than vice-versa , and vibration is not as important .
Other 60 Â V6 engines are the Chrysler 3.3 V6 engine , the Nissan VQ engine , the Alfa Romeo V6 engine , and later versions of the Mercedes-Benz V6 engine .
The first series production V6 was introduced by Lancia in 1950 with the Lancia Aurelia .
By comparison , the 180 Â flat-6 boxer engine is only moderately wider than the 120 Â V6 , and unlike the V6 is a fully-balanced configuration with no vibration problems , so it is more commonly used in aircraft and in sports\/luxury cars where space is not a constraint and smoothness is important .
Unlike most other angles , 60 degree V6 engines can be made acceptably smooth without the need for balance shafts .
Although it is more complicated and not as smooth as the inline 6 , the V6 is more compact , more rigid , and less prone to torsional vibrations in the crankshaft .
A V6 engine is a V engine with six cylinders mounted on the crankcase in two banks of three cylinders , usually set at either a right angle or an acute angle to each other , with all six pistons driving a common crankshaft .
The most efficient cylinder bank angle for a V6 is 60 degrees , minimizing size and vibration .
This still has some balance and secondary vibration problems .
Some of the first V6-cars were built in 1905 by Marmon .
Alfredo Ferrari -LRB- nicknamed Dino -RRB- , son of Enzo Ferrari , suggested to him the development of a 1.5 L DOHC V6 engine for Formula Two at the end of 1955 .
It is the second most common engine configuration in modern cars after the inline four .
Such a ` split ' crankpin is weaker than a straight one , but modern metallurgical techniques can produce a crankshaft that is adequately strong .
When Lancia pioneered the V6 in 1950 , they used a 60 Â angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120 Â .
The Dino V6 underwent several evolutions , including an increased engine displacement to 2417 c , for use in the Ferrari 246 Formula One car in 1958 .
1962 saw the introduction of the Buick Special , which offered a 90 Â V6 with uneven firing intervals that shared some parts commonality with a small Buick V8 of the period .
Laverda showed a 996 cc V6 engined motorcycle at the 1977 Milan show .
More modern 90 Â V6 engine designs avoid these vibration problems by using crankshafts with offset split crankpins to make the firing intervals even , and often add balancing shafts to eliminate the other vibration problems .
After that came the Ferrari Dino V6 .
The V6 is one of the most compact engine configurations , shorter than the straight 4 and in many designs narrower than the V8 engine , and is well suited to the popular transverse engine front-wheel drive layout .
Other manufacturers took note and soon other V6 engines were in use .
The motorcycle was raced in the 1978 Bol d'Or .
It is becoming more common as the space allowed for engines in modern cars is reduced at the same time as power requirements increase , and has largely replaced the inline-6 , which is too long to fit in many modern engine compartments .
Each cylinder bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons , so the V6 also suffers from the same problem unless steps are taken to mitigate it .
This produced a rough-running design which was unacceptable to many customers .
While 60 Â V6 engines are not as well balanced as inline-6 and flat-6 engines , modern techniques for designing and mounting engines have largely disguised their vibrations .
120 Â might be described as the natural angle for a V6 since the cylinders fire every 120 Â of crankshaft rotation .
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
The average thickness of the ice is thus 400 m , with a maximum thickness of 1,000 m. Iceland 's highest peak , HvannadalshnÃ kur -LRB- 2,109.6 m -RRB- , is located in the southern periphery of VatnajÃ kull , near Skaftafell National Park .
This may be based on a claimed sighting by a British sailor in 1939 .
GWR state that `` owing to the light bending effects of atmospheric refraction , VatnajÃ kull -LRB- 2,109.6 m -RRB- , Iceland , can sometimes be seen from the Faroe Islands , 340 miles -LRB- 550km -RRB- away '' .
VatnajÃ kull is the largest glacier in Iceland .
According to Guinness World Records , VatnajÃ kull is the object of the world 's longest sight line , 550 km from SlÃ ttaratindur , the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands .
It is located in the south-east of the island , covering more than 8 % of the country .
The validity of this record is analysed\/undermined in mathematical and atmospheric detail by J.C. Ferranti .
Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the TV series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
He studied at Berklee College of Music , Boston , and California Institute of the Arts and has collaborated with musicians such as David Lee Roth .
According to the website , the Library covers material that can not be found anywhere else in the world , such as information about joint U.S.-Israel projects , and the treatment of Americans during the Holocaust .
It explains that it received permission to use materials from the Library of Congress , from the American Jewish Historical Society , the Anti-Defamation League , the Simon Wiesenthal Center , the Israeli Foreign Ministry , and Prime Ministerâ s Office , Rabbi Joseph Telushkin -LRB- author of Jewish Literacy -RRB- , and dozens of other sources .
It includes more than 13,000 articles and 6,000 photographs and maps related to Jewish history , Israel , U.S.-Israel relations , the Holocaust , anti-Semitism , and Judaism .
The site is extremely well put together .
One has options to click on , such as history , women , biography , politics , Israel , maps , and Judaic Treasures at the Library of Congress , with each launching a person into a different realm .
The Jewish Virtual Library also contains the Israel advocacy text `` Myths and Facts '' , edited by Mitchell Bard , in several languages .
JVL received awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection , USA Today Hot Site , and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel , the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others .
Karen Evans of Indiana State University wrote that the site is comprehensive , with `` easily accessible , balanced information '' .
The website was originally created in the late 1990s under the name The Jewish Student Online Research Center -LRB- JSOURCE -RRB- .
The website includes the complete text of the Tanakh .
The Jewish Virtual Library has been cited by CNN , New York Times , BBC , CBS News , Fox News , The Los Angeles Times , USA Today , Business Week , and Bloomberg , among others .
John Jaeger , in an article published by the Association of College and Research Libraries , said of the Jewish Virtual Library : `` This library , once it is entered , is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else .
Established in 1993 , it is a comprehensive website covering Israel , the Jewish people , and Jewish culture .
Jewish Virtual Library -LRB- JVL -RRB- is an online encyclopedia published by the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise -LRB- the AICE -RRB- .
This template adds templates to : Category : Intricate templates .
This template can be put at the top of the documentation for any templates that are intricate , i.e. , complex , using less obvious techniques , esoteric syntax , combining different techniques , used as parameter for other templates , built to function for a variety of calling instances , etc.
Little Nicky is a 2000 American dark comedy film directed by Steven Brill .
The Belarusian language -LRB- Ð ` Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð , BGN\/PCGN : byelaruskaya mova , Scientific : belaruskaja mova , Å ac . : bieÅ aruskaja mova -RRB- is the language of the Belarusian people .
The Belarusian alphabet is a variant of the Cyrillic alphabet , which was first used for the Old Church Slavonic language .
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group treats Fabaceae in the broad sense .
Some classification systems , for example the Cronquist system , treat Fabaceae in a narrow sense , raising Mimisoideae to the rank of family as Mimosaceae .
Both intelligent patrons of literature and art , Anna Amalia and Charles Augustus attracted to their court the leading German scholars , including Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , Friedrich Schiller and Johann Gottfried Herder , and made their residence Weimar an important cultural center in an era referred to as Weimar Classicism .
His son Ernest Augustus II , who succeeded him in 1748 , died in 1758 , whereafter Empress Maria Theresa appointed his young widow , Duchess Anna Amalia , regent of the country and guardian of her infant son , Charles Augustus .
The regency of energetic Anna Amalia and the reign of Charles Augustus , who was raised by the writer Christoph Martin Wieland , formed a high point in the history of Saxe-Weimar .
The chief town and capital was Weimar .
In 1809 Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach , which had been united only in the person of the duke , were formally merged into the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach .
Culoz is a commune in the Ain department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region of France .
Leh , was the capital of the Himalayan kingdom of Ladakh , now the Leh District in the state of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
This category contains fictional characters that are featured in television series .
Dante Gabriel Rossetti -LRB- 12 May 1828 â `` 9 April 1882 -RRB- was an English poet , illustrator , painter and translator .
Jenks is a city in Tulsa County , Oklahoma , United States , and a suburb of Tulsa , in the northeastern part of the state .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 9,557 , but by 2009 , the population was estimated at 16,143 .
Mahmud Shah Durrani Persian Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Û was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803 , again between 1809 and 1818 .
On July 25 , 1801 , Zaman Shah was deposed , and Mahmud Shah ascended to rulership .
He then had a chequered career ; he was deposed in 1803 , restored in 1809 , and finally deposed again in 1818 .
King Mahmud Shah Durrani died in 1829 .
King Mahmud Shah Durrani was half-brother of his predecessor , Zaman Shah .
Between his two stnts , the country was ruled by Shoja Shah , another of his half-brothers .
General Lagos is Chile 's northernmost commune in Parinacota Province , Arica and Parinacota Region .
The European route E45 , going from Finland to Italy , passes through Aalborg , and through Limfjordstunellen under the Limfjord in Aalborg .
The story tells of dragon-slayer Siegfried at the court of the Burgundians , how he was murdered , and of his wife Kriemhild 's revenge .
The Nibelungenlied , translated as The Song of the Nibelungs , is an epic poem in Middle High German .
SimCity 2000 -LRB- SC2K -RRB- is a simulation\/city building computer game and the second installment in the SimCity series . SimCity 2000 was first released by Maxis in 1994 for computers running Apple Macintosh Operating System .
Since the time required for a white dwarf to reach this state is calculated to be longer than the current age of the universe of 13.7 billion years , no black dwarfs are expected to exist in the universe yet , and the temperature of the coolest white dwarfs is one observational limit on the age of the universe .
A black dwarf is a hypothetical stellar remnant , created when a white dwarf becomes sufficiently cool to no longer emit significant heat or light .
In the county the population was spread out with 23.50 % under the age of 18 , 10.80 % from 18 to 24 , 31.80 % from 25 to 44 , 22.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.20 % who were 65 years of age or older .
As of 2000 , the population was 13,327 .
The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07 .
It was named for Alexander Hamilton , first United States Secretary of the Treasury .
6.36 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2005 estimate for the county is 13,983 .
The racial makeup of the county was 58.79 % White , 37.72 % Black or African American , 0.42 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 1.69 % from other races , and 1.17 % from two or more races .
Hamilton County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
24.10 % of all households were made up of individuals and 9.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
For every 100 females there were 135.00 males .
Hamilton County was created in 1827 from portions of Jefferson County .
The per capita income for the county was $ 10,562 .
The population density was 26 people per square mile -LRB- 10\/km Â -RRB- .
Males had a median income of $ 26,999 versus $ 20,552 for females .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,327 people , 4,161 households , and 2,995 families residing in the county .
The median age was 35 years .
About 21.70 % of families and 26.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 35.70 % of those under age 18 and 16.10 % of those age 65 or over .
There were 4,161 households out of which 32.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.30 % were married couples living together , 16.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.00 % were non-families .
Also , the Suwannee River forms the borders it shares with all of the neighboring Florida counties - Suwannee County , Columbia County , and Madison County .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 145.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 25,638 , and the median income for a family was $ 30,677 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 519.31 s , of which 514.86 s -LRB- or 99.14 % -RRB- is land and 4.45 s -LRB- or 0.86 % -RRB- is water .
Its county seat is Jasper , Florida .
There were 4,966 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile -LRB- 4\/km Â -RRB- .
It contains approximately 2700 a of redwood and grassland .
Samuel P. Taylor State Park is a state park located in Marin County , California .
The park contains about 600 a of old-growth forest , some of which can be seen along the Pioneer Tree Trail .
The Province of Ravenna is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy .
Resin is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants , particularly coniferous trees . It is valued for its chemical properties and associated uses , such as the production of varnishes , adhesives , and food glazing agents ; as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis ; and as constituents of incense and perfume .
This was the first video Bad Religion ever released .
Generator is the sixth studio album by the punk rock band Bad Religion .
Although the album was completed in the spring of 1991 , it was not released until 1992 .
A video was made for `` Atomic Garden '' .
According to The Bad Religion Page , 100,000 copies of the album were shipped .
It is available for watching here .
It was named after a character in William Shakespeare 's play Timon of Athens .
This and the dark surface made it too dim to be detected by the Voyager 2 cameras during its Uranus flyby in 1986 .
Following its discovery , Cupid was given the temporary designation S\/2003 U 2 .
It was discovered by Mark Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
The orbit of Cupid differs only 863 km from the orbit of the larger moon Belinda .
Unlike Mab and Perdita , Uranian satellites also discovered in 2003 , it does not seem to be perturbed .
It is the smallest of inner Uranian satellites , crudely estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter .
Claude of France -LRB- 13 October 1499 â `` 20 July 1524 -RRB- was a princess and queen consort of France and ruling Duchess of Brittany . She was the eldest daughter of Louis XII of France and Anne , Duchess of Brittany .
Housed in a 560,000 square foot -LRB- 52,000 mÂ -RRB- , Beaux-Arts building , approximately 500,000 patrons visit the museum each year .
The Brooklyn Museum , located at 200 Eastern Parkway , in the New York City borough of Brooklyn , is the second-largest art museum in New York City , and one of the largest in the United States .
In 2000 , the Brooklyn Museum started the Museum Apprentice Program in which the museum hires teenagers in high school , to give tours in the museum 's galleries during the summer , assist with the museum 's weekend family programs throughout the year , participate in talks with museum curators , serve as a teen advisory board to the museum , and help plan teen events .
The Brooklyn Museum , along with numerous other New York institutions , including the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the American Museum of Natural History , and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden , is part of the Cultural Institutions Group -LRB- CIG -RRB- .
Of 30 works of art , Russman believes 10 are faked .
Its permanent exhibition began in 2007 , as a centerpiece for the museum 's Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art .
Arnold L. Lehman is the museum 's Director .
On March 12 , 2004 , the museum announced that it would revert to its previous name .
The Brooklyn Museum changed its name to Brooklyn Museum of Art in 1997 , shortly before the start of Arnold L. Lehman 's current term as director .
In 2005 , the museum was among 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to receive part of a $ 20 million grant from the Carnegie Corporation , made possible through a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg .
In 2002 , the museum received the work The Dinner Party , by feminist artist Judy Chicago , as a gift from The Elizabeth A. Sackler Foundation .
In 2008 , curator Edna Russman announced that a third of the Coptic art held in the museum 's collectionâ '' second-largest in North Americaâ '' is fake .
Thomas S. Buechner was named as the museum 's director in 1960 , making him one of the youngest directors in the country .
The museum is well-known for its expansive collections of Egyptian and African art , in addition to 17th , 18th , 19th , and 20th century paintings , sculpture , and decorative arts throughout a wide range of schools .
Buechner oversaw a major transformation in the way the museum displayed art and brought some one thousand works that had been languishing in the museum 's archives and put them on display .
The first Saturday of each month the Brooklyn Museum stays open late with free family events , which include gallery tours , lectures , arts and crafts , live music , and a dance party .
Other exhibitions have showcased the works of various contemporary artists including Patrick Kelly , Chuck Close , Denis Peterson , Ron Mueck , Takashi Murakami , Mat Benote , Kiki Smith , Jim Dine , Robert Rauschenberg , Sylvia Sleigh and William Wegman .
The figures were carved by 11 different sculptors . French was also the designer of the two allegorical figures Brooklyn and Manhattan currently flanking the museum 's entrance -LRB- created in 1916 for the Brooklyn approach to the Manhattan Bridge , relocated to the museum in 1963 -RRB- .
The fake artworks will be displayed in an exhibition starting in 2009 .
Opened in 1897 and founded by Augustus Graham , the Brooklyn Museum building is a steel frame structure -- built to the standards of classical masonry -- designed by the famous architectural firm of McKim , Mead , and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company .
Delft is a city and municipality in the province of South Holland -LRB- Zuid-Holland -RRB- , the Netherlands .
Delft is primarily known for its typically Dutch town center -LRB- with canals -RRB- ; also for the painter Vermeer , Delft Blue pottery -LRB- Delftware -RRB- , the Delft University of Technology , and its association with the Dutch royal family , the House of Orange-Nassau .
It is located in between Rotterdam and The Hague .
CoppÃ lia is a sentimental comic ballet with original choreography by Arthur Saint-L Ã on to a ballet libretto by Saint-L Ã on and Charles Nuitter and music by LÃ o Delibes .
The ballet premiered on 25 May 1870 at the ThÃ Ã cents tre ImpÃ rial de lÂ OpÃ ra , with Giuseppina Bozzacchi in the principal role of Swanhilde .
Hampton is an independent city in Virginia , and therefore not part of any Virginia county .
Louvagny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
La Neuville-en-Beine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Caille is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Following an earthquake , tsunami , and failure of cooling systems at Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant and issues concerning other nuclear facilities in Japan on March 11 , 2011 , a nuclear emergency was declared .
Platts has reported that `` the crisis at Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plants has prompted leading energy-consuming countries to review the safety of their existing reactors and cast doubt on the speed and scale of planned expansions around the world '' .
Proponents , such as the World Nuclear Association and IAEA , contend that nuclear power is a sustainable energy source that reduces carbon emissions .
Nuclear power is controversial and there is an ongoing debate about the use of nuclear energy .
Opponents , such as Greenpeace International and NIRS , believe that nuclear power poses many threats to people and the environment .
Nuclear-powered submarine mishaps include the K-19 reactor accident -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , the K-27 reactor accident -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , and the K-431 reactor accident -LRB- 1985 -RRB- .
Nuclear power provides about 6 % of the world 's energy and 13 â `` 14 % of the world 's electricity , with the U.S. , France , and Japan together accounting for about 50 % of nuclear generated electricity .
Roberto Mussi -LRB- born 25 August 1963 -RRB- is a former Italian footballer in defender role , centre-back or right-back .
These isocyanates are precursors to polyurethanes .
The great majority of phosgene is used in the production of isocyanates , the most important being toluene diisocyanate -LRB- TDI -RRB- and methylene diphenyl diisocyanate -LRB- MDI -RRB- .
Significant amounts are also used in the production of polycarbonates via its reaction with bisphenol A. Polycarbonates are an important class of engineering thermoplastic found , for example , in lenses in eye glasses .
Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Great Horned Owl , -LRB- Bubo virginianus -RRB- , also known as the Tiger Owl , is a large Owl native to the Americas .
Plymouth Colony -LRB- sometimes New Plymouth , or Plymouth Bay Colony -RRB- was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 to 1691 .
The settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
At its height , Plymouth Colony occupied most of the southeastern portion of the modern state of Massachusetts .
The first settlement of the Plymouth Colony was at New Plymouth , a location previously surveyed and named by Captain John Smith .
The most recent Kindle device is the third incarnation of the main line , officially named `` Kindle '' , but usually referred to as `` Kindle 3 '' .
According to an early review by iFixIt , the Kindle 2 features a Freescale 532 MHz , ARM-11 90 nm processor , 32 MB main memory , 2 GB moviNAND flash storage and a 3.7 V 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery .
It is the only Kindle with expandable memory , via an SD card slot .
Amazon released the Kindle First Generation on November 19 , 2007 , for US$ 399 and was sold out in five and a half hours . The device remained out of stock for five months until late April 2008 .
By Amazon 's estimates the Kindle 2 can hold about 1500 non-illustrated books .
Several hardware devices support this platform , including a main `` Kindle '' line and a parallel `` Kindle DX '' line .
Users can select reading material using the Kindle itself or through a computer at the Amazon Kindle store and can download content through the Kindle Store , which upon the initial launch of the Kindle had more than 88,000 digital titles available for download .
Amazon did not sell the Kindle First Generation outside the United States . Plans for a launch in the UK and other European countries were delayed by problems with signing up suitable wireless network operators .
Unlike the Kindle First Generation , Kindle 2 does not have a slot for SD memory cards .
To promote the new Kindle , author Stephen King made UR , his then-new novella , available exclusively through the Kindle Store .
On July 8 , 2009 , Amazon reduced price of the Kindle 2 from the original $ 359 to $ 299 .
The Amazon Kindle is a portable e-book reader . More precisely , it is a software , hardware and network platform developed by Amazon.com subsidiary Lab126 that uses wireless connectivity to enable users to shop for , download , browse , and read e-books , newspapers , magazines , blogs , and other digital media in some countries .
The Kindle 2 features a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and 2 GB of internal memory of which 1.4 GB is user-accessible .
Andalusian nationalism or Andalusian regionalism , sometimes referred as Andalucismo in Spanish , is the name given to the political movement in Spain advocating the recognition of Andalusian people as a `` nation '' .
It is considered to be represented primarily by the Andalusian Party but there are also lesser political organizations that identify with Andalusian nationalism . Some political forces without parliamentary presence like NaciÃ n Andaluza and Asamblea Nacional de AndalucÃ a may be found advocating independentism .
The most potent toxin present in these mushrooms is Î - amanitin .
The genus Amanita contains about 600 species of agarics including some of the most toxic known mushrooms found worldwide .
This genus is responsible for approximately 95 % of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning , with the death cap accounting for about 50 % on its own .
Ellensburg is located just east of the Cascade Range on I-90 and is known as the centrally located city in the state . Ellensburg is the home of Central Washington University -LRB- CWU -RRB- .
Despite its success in Southeast Asia , Theravada Buddhism in China has generally been limited to areas bordering Theravada countries .
The group includes true mice and rats , gerbils , and relatives .
The family name Muridae is sometimes used in a broader sense to include all members of the superfamily Muroidea .
Albino FriaÃ a Cardoso -LRB- October 20 , 1924 â `` January 12 , 2009 -RRB- , best known as FriaÃ a , was a Brazilian football striker .
Horn is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Fearing for their lives , Duncan 's sons flee , Malcolm to England and Donalbain to Ireland .
While the assassins kill Banquo , Fleance escapes .
Only Macbeth can see the spectre ; the rest panic at the sight of Macbeth raging at an empty chair , until a desperate Lady Macbeth orders them to leave .
In Shakespeare 's day , Banquo was thought to be a direct ancestor of the Stuart King James I. The Banquo portrayed in historical sources is significantly different from the Banquo created by Shakespeare .
The first witch hails Macbeth as `` Thane of Glamis '' , the second as `` Thane of Cawdor '' , and the third proclaims that he shall `` be King hereafter '' .
When Duncan decides to stay at the Macbeths ' castle at Inverness , Lady Macbeth hatches a plan to murder him and secure the throne for her husband . Although Macbeth raises concerns about the regicide , Lady Macbeth eventually persuades him , by challenging his manhood , to follow her plan .
Despite his success , Macbeth remains uneasy about the prophecy about Banquo , so Macbeth invites him to a royal banquet where he discovers that Banquo and his young son , Fleance , will be riding out that night .
While the assassins kill Banquo , Fleance escapes . At the banquet , Banquo 's ghost enters and sits in Macbeth 's place .
On the night of the king 's visit , Macbeth kills Duncan .
The witches inform Banquo that he will father a line of kings , though he himself will not be one .
Shakespeare 's sources for the tragedy are the accounts of King Macbeth of Scotland , Macduff , and Duncan in Holinshed 's Chronicles -LRB- 1587 -RRB- , a history of England , Scotland and Ireland familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries .
Even though Banquo challenges them first , they address Macbeth .
The Tragedy of Macbeth -LRB- commonly called Macbeth -RRB- is a play by William Shakespeare about a regicide and its aftermath .
It is Shakespeare 's shortest tragedy and is believed to have been written sometime between 1603 and 1607 .
Since Macduff is in exile in England , Macbeth assumes that he is safe ; so he puts to death everyone in Macduff 's castle , including Macduff 's wife and their young children .
Lynne Ann Cheney -LRB- nÃ e Vincent ; born August 14 , 1941 -RRB- is the wife of former United States Vice President Dick Cheney and served as the Second Lady of the United States from 2001 to 2009 .
She is a novelist , conservative scholar , and former talk-show host .
The common krait -LRB- Bungarus caeruleus -RRB- is a type of krait that is found in the jungles of the Indian sub-continent .
This snake is highly venomous , and is one of the `` big four '' snakes in India .
In 1960 Solti signed a three-year contract -LRB- effective in 1962 -RRB- to be music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic , having guest conducted the orchestra in winter concerts in downtown Los Angeles , during the summer at the Hollywood Bowl , and in other Southern California concerts .
His second marriage was to Valerie Pitts , a British television presenter whom he met when she was sent to interview him .
In addition to his tenure in Chicago , Solti was music director of the Orchestre de Paris from 1972 until 1975 .
His first marriage to Hedi Oechsli , in 1946 , ended in divorce .
In 1951 he conducted Mozart 's Idomeneo at the Salzburg Festival for the first time .
From 1979 until 1983 he was principal conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra .
Solti never truly retired , and his sudden death of a heart attack on 5 September 1997 in Antibes , France , meant that several years of planned performances and recording projects would never be realized .
The City of Chicago renamed the block of East Adams Street adjacent to Symphony Center as `` Sir Georg Solti Place '' in his memory .
In total , Solti conducted 999 performances with the CSO .
He had been awarded an honorary knighthood in the Order of the British Empire -LRB- KBE -RRB- in 1971 , and was known as Sir Georg Solti after his naturalization .
In 1961 Solti became music director at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , serving in that capacity until 1971 .
Mehta was subsequently named as music director in Solti 's place .
He learned the piano but at age 14 heard Erich Kleiber conduct Beethoven 's Symphony No. 5 and he decided immediately he wanted to be a conductor .
For the 50th anniversary of the United Nations , Solti formed the World Orchestra for Peace , which consisted of musicians from 47 orchestras around the world .
His father Germanized the name GyÃ rgy to Georg and changed his family name to Solti , to shield them from antisemitism .
He studied at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music , under BÃ la BartÃ k , ZoltÃ n KodÃ ly , Leo Weiner and Ernst von Dohnanyi .
Solti was born GyÃ rgy Stern in Budapest , Hungary to a Jewish family ; his parents were MÃ ric -LRB- z -RRB- Stern and TerÃ z Rosenbaum .
By 1935 he was gaining recognition as a conductor , and made his debut at the Budapest Opera on 11 March 1938 with The Marriage of Figaro , the first time an unconverted Jew had ever conducted there .
After the Second World War , during which his father died of natural causes , Solti was music director of the Bavarian State Orchestra in Munich -LRB- where he gave the German premiere of Paul Hindemith 's opera Mathis der Maler , which had been banned under the Nazi regime -RRB- and the Frankfurt Opera -LRB- where he gave the German premiere of Alban Berg 's Lulu -RRB- .
He thereafter spent much of his time in Britain and the United States .
There , Solti 's bald head and demanding rehearsal style earned him the nickname , `` The Screaming Skull '' -LRB- after the film of the same name -RRB- .
In 1939 , with German invasion imminent , he fled Hungary because of his Jewish ancestry , and moved to Switzerland , where he continued a career as a pianist and won the Geneva International Piano Competition , but he had limited opportunities to develop his conducting .
In 1983 he conducted Wagner 's Ring Cycle at Bayreuth for the only time .
During this time with the London Philharmonic he performed and recorded many works by Elgar including the two symphonies , the Violin Concerto with Kyung Wha Chung and the Cello Concerto with Julian Lloyd Webber .
Solti was music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra -LRB- CSO -RRB- from 1969 until 1991 , when he was made the only Music Director Laureate in that orchestra 's history .
After Solti 's death , his widow and daughters began the Solti Foundation to assist young musicians .
They had two daughters , Gabrielle and Claudia .
In addition , Solti collaborated with Dudley Moore to create a 1991 television series , Orchestra !
His 1,000 th performance was scheduled to be in October 1997 , around the time of his 85th birthday .
Leila Alice Denmark , M.D. -LRB- nÃ e Daughtry ; born February 1 , 1898 -RRB- is an American pediatrician who became the oldest practicing pediatrician in the world , retiring at the age of 103 in May 2001 .
She believes that drinking cow 's milk is harmful , and that children -LRB- and adults -RRB- should eat fruit instead of drinking fruit juices , and drink only water .
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy is a 2004 American comedy film , directed by Adam McKay and starring Will Ferrell .
This film is number 100 on Bravo 's 100 funniest movies , and 113 on Empire 's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time .
Backlash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced every April -LRB- with the exception of 2005 -RRB- by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- . The event was created in 1999 , with its inaugural event produced as an In Your House event in April of that year .
Jayat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He was drafted in the seventh round , 184th overall , by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft .
Jeremy Adduono -LRB- born August 4 , 1978 , in Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger .
`` Almost Here '' , a duet with Irish singer Brian McFadden , reached number three in the UK , became her seventh ARIA number one , and her first number one in Ireland . Singles released only in Australia â `` `` Mistaken Identity '' , `` A Little Too Late '' and `` Be Strong '' â `` were moderately successful .
KrÃ 1\/4 ger previously played for Stockholm-based DjurgÃ rdens IF He was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 5th round , 149th overall , in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft .
Marcus KrÃ 1\/4 ger -LRB- born 27 May 1990 in Stockholm , Sweden -RRB- is a Swedish professional ice hockey player . He is currently a center for Chicago Blackhawks in the National Hockey League .
The Prince Augustus Frederick , Duke of Sussex , -LRB- 27 January 1773 â `` 21 April 1843 -RRB- , was the sixth son of George III of the United Kingdom and his consort , Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz .
The Revolution Series opened in 2003 to build on well-attended events such as the world championships and World Cup meetings and provide more regular events .
It houses the National Cycling Centre and British Cycling .
There were four over the winter . They built good crowds .
Sessions every week run from beginners up to serious training .
It hosted the track cycling in the 2002 Commonwealth Games , and the UCI world championships in 1996 , 2000 and 2008 .
The seventh , in 2005 , sold all the seats with further fans standing .
By 30 March 2008 , more than 15 world records had been set there , including Chris Boardman 's 1996 and 2000 hour records and the 4000 metre team pursuit record set by the Great Britain men 's team at the 2008 World Championships .
The old track was relaid with Siberian pine .
Manchester Velodrome is an indoor cycle-racing track or velodrome in Manchester , northwest England .
A taster session involves basic training and an hour riding the track .
On 2 July 2009 Kraftwerk performed at the velodrome as part of the 2009 Manchester International Festival .
On 21 May 2007 the velodrome closed to be re-surfaced .
Its bankings reach 42 degrees in the middle .
It opened in September 1994 and is the leading indoor Olympic-standard track in the United Kingdom .
The track is as steep at the top as it is on the black -LRB- racing -RRB- line .
The first official sell-out was Revolution 14 .
The track is 250 metres long .
It reopened on 16 July 2007 , and is now considered smoother to ride .
Steel Azin Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Tehran , Iran .
Boutersem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
The Edinburgh International Festival is a festival of performing arts that takes place in the city of Edinburgh , Scotland , over three weeks from around the middle of August .
Mauro Raphael -LRB- born 6 June 1933 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
He has played for Brazil national team .
Crottet is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Gilberto Alves , nicknamed Gil -LRB- born December 24 , 1950 in Nova Lima -RRB- , was a footballer from Brazil .
The Independent Group -LRB- IG -RRB- , founded in London in 1952 , is regarded as the precursor to the pop art movement .
This material consisted of ` found objects ' such as , advertising , comic book characters , magazine covers and various mass produced graphics that mostly represented American popular culture .
that he had assembled during his time in Paris between 1947 â `` 1949 .
They were a gathering of young painters , sculptors , architects , writers and critics who were challenging prevailing modernist approaches to culture as well as traditional views of Fine Art .
The group discussions centered on popular culture implications from such elements as mass advertising , movies , product design , comic strips , science fiction and technology .
Pop art and minimalism are considered to be art movements that precede postmodern art , or are some of the earliest examples of Postmodern Art themselves .
Following Paolozzi 's seminal presentation in 1952 , the IG focused primarily on the imagery of American popular culture , particularly mass advertising .
Pop art employs aspects of mass culture , such as advertising , comic books and mundane cultural objects .
At the first Independent Group meeting in 1952 , co-founding member , artist and sculptor Eduardo Paolozzi presented a lecture using a series of collages titled Bunk !
Pop art is aimed to employ images of popular as opposed to elitist culture in art , emphasizing the banal or kitschy elements of any given culture , most often through the use of irony .
One of the images in that presentation was Paolozzi 's 1947 collage , I was a Rich Man 's Plaything , which includes the first use of the word `` popâ , appearing in a cloud of smoke emerging from a revolver .
ChÃ ry-Chartreuve is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jeremy John Durham Ashdown , Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon , GCMG , KBE , PC -LRB- born 27 February 1941 -RRB- , usually known as Paddy Ashdown , is a British politician and diplomat .
Tellin is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Furthermore on Bebelplatz the Berlin State Opera -LRB- No. 7 -RRB- , coloquially called Lindenoper , St. Hedwig 's Cathedral and the Altes Palais -LRB- No. 9 -RRB- , favored residence of Emperor Wilhelm I ; in the north the main building of the Humboldt University -LRB- No. 6 -RRB- and House I of the Berlin State Library -LRB- No. 8 -RRB- .
It was replaced by a boulevard of linden trees planted in 1647 , extending from the city palace to the gates of the city , by order of the â Great Electorâ Frederick William .
By the 19th century , as Berlin grew and expanded to the west , Unter den Linden became the best-known and grandest street in Berlin .
Well-known statues of Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt in front of the university as well as of the Prussian generals Scharnhorst and BÃ 1\/4 low also adorn the street .
Eastward the boulevard crosses the Spree river at Berlin Cathedral and continues as Karl-Liebknecht-Stra Ã e. The western continuation behind Brandenburg Gate is StraÃ e des 17 .
Unter den Linden runs eastâ `` west from the site of the former Stadtschloss royal palace at the Lustgarten park , where the demolished Palast der Republik used to be , to Pariser Platz and Brandenburg Gate .
In the course of the building of the Nord-S Ã 1\/4 d-Tunnel for the Berlin S-Bahn in 1934\/35 most of the linden trees were cut down and during the last days of World War II the remaining trees were destroyed or cut down for firewood .
Unter den Linden -LRB- `` under the linden trees '' -RRB- is a boulevard in the Mitte district of Berlin , the capital of Germany .
While the western part of the boulevard retained its character , the area around present-day Bebelplatz was integrated into the fortification of Berlin in the aftermath of the Thirty Years ' War , visible until today as there are no trees .
The disputed replica of the Alte Kommandantur is No. 1 , vis - Ã - vis the Zeughaus arsenal , the oldest building on Unter den Linden , built between 1695 and 1706 , today the seat of the Deutsches Historisches Museum -LRB- No. 2 -RRB- .
It is named for its linden -LRB- lime in British English -RRB- trees that line the grassed pedestrian mall between two carriageways .
Unter den Linden at the heart of the historic section of Berlin developed from a bridle path laid out by Elector John George of Brandenburg in the 16th century to reach his hunting grounds in the Tiergarten .
In 1851 the famous equestrian statue of King Frederick II of Prussia was erected on the center strip , designed by Christian Daniel Rauch .
Buildings along the street include -LRB- from east to west -RRB- the Kronprinzenpalais -LRB- former palace of the Hohenzollern crown princes , No. 3 -RRB- , the Neue Wache war memorial built in 1817 -LRB- No. 4 -RRB- , considered by many to be Karl Friedrich Schinkelâ s masterpiece .
The present-day linden were replanted in the 1950s , they are affected by air pollution as well as by soil contamination .
Since 1937 , the numbering has started at the SchlossbrÃ 1\/4 cke -LRB- Palace Bridge -RRB- , connecting Unter den Linden with the Lustgarten and Museum Island .
On the western end are the Russian Embassy -LRB- former Soviet Embassy , No. 63-65 -RRB- the Hungarian Embassy -LRB- No. 76 -RRB- at the corner of Wilhelmstrasse and finally the Hotel Adlon -LRB- No. 77 -RRB- at the corner of Pariser Platz , which has been completely rebuilt on the site of the prewar hotel .
Major northâ `` south streets crossing Unter den Linden are FriedrichstraÃ e and Wilhelmstrasse .
Polish -LRB- jÄ zyk polski , polszczyzna -RRB- describes a Lechitic subgroup of West Slavic languages in Central Europe and the official language of Poland .
IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
It is the only university of India and first in Asia which has received Platinum Technology Award for quality and excellence in the field of education , in Geneva , Switzerland ; presented by Otherways Management and Consulting -LRB- OMAC -RRB- , a Paris based international organization .
Founded in 1998 it is a teaching cum-affiliating university which affiliates more than 120 colleges in Delhi-NCR and has 15 schools and centres on its campus with one constitutional college - Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology -LRB- under the direct administration of the university -RRB- .
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University -LRB- informally Indraprastha University or simply IP -RRB- is a public , professional university located in Delhi , India .
Rees replaced Morris Iemma as Premier and party leader on 5 September 2008 .
Nathan Rees MP -LRB- born 12 February 1968 -RRB- , an Australian politician , was the 41st Premier of New South Wales and parliamentary leader of the New South Wales division of the Australian Labor Party from September 2008 to December 2009 , and is the current member for the Electoral district of Toongabbie since 2007 .
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Seth Rogen -LRB- born April 15 , 1982 -RRB- is a Canadian comedian , screenwriter , voice artist , film producer , and actor .
A stirrup is a light frame or ring that holds the foot of a rider , attached to the saddle by a strap , often called a stirrup leather . Stirrups are usually paired and are used to aid in mounting and as a support while using a riding animal -LRB- usually a horse or other equine , such as a mule -RRB- .
Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
Heltermaa is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Pahariwood is the name of the Kashmiri filming industry that is based in the city of Mirpur , Azad Kashmir in Pakistan .
Most arcade games are redemption games , merchandisers -LRB- such as claw crane -RRB- , video games , or pinball machines .
Tank or Tonk , is the capital city of Tank District , Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Arimo is a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
This situation was mirrored in Abkhazia , an Autonomous Republic within Georgia in the USSR , where the Abkhazian minority seceded from Georgia in a war in the early 1990s . Similar to South Ossetia , most of Abkhazia was controlled by an unrecognised government , while Georgia controlled other parts .
However , on the EMI label she made several `` champagne operetta '' recordings like Franz LehÃ r 's The Merry Widow and Johann Strauss II 's The Gypsy Baron .
In 1945 , Schwarzkopf was granted Austrian citizenship to enable her to sing in the Vienna State Opera -LRB- Wiener Staatsoper -RRB- .
She also was well received as Alice Ford in Verdi 's Falstaff .
Schwarzkopf died in her sleep during the night of 2 â `` 3 August 2006 at her home in the village of Schruns , in Vorarlberg , western Austria , aged 90 .
and , impressed , signed her to an exclusive contract with EMI .
In the 1960s , Schwarzkopf concentrated nearly exclusively on five operatic roles : Donna Elvira in Don Giovanni , Countess Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro , Fiordiligi in CosÃ fan tutte , Countess Madeleine in Strauss 's Capriccio , and the Marschallin .
She was among the most renowned opera singers of the 20th century , much admired for her performances of Mozart , Schubert , Strauss , and Wolf .
In March 1946 , Schwarzkopf was invited to audition for Walter Legge , an influential British classical record producer and a founder of the Philharmonia Orchestra .
After retiring , Schwarzkopf taught and gave master classes around the world , notably at the Juilliard School in New York City .
Three days later , he died .
Dame Elisabeth Schwarzkopf , DBE -LRB- 9 December 1915-3 August 2006 -RRB- was a German-born Austrian\/British opera singer and recitalist .
In 1947 and 1948 , Schwarzkopf appeared on tour with the Vienna State Opera at London 's Royal Opera House at Covent Garden on 16 September 1947 as Donna Elvira in Mozart 's Don Giovanni and at La Scala on 28 December 1948 , as the Countess in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro , which became one of her signature roles .
They were married on 19 October 1953 in Epsom , Surrey ; Schwarzkopf thus acquired British citizenship by marriage .
She was made a doctor of music by the University of Cambridge in 1976 , and became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- DBE -RRB- in 1992 .
He disregarded doctor 's orders to rest and attended Schwarzkopf 's final recital two days later in Zurich .
Schwarzkopf 's last operatic performance was as the Marschallin on 31 December 1971 , in the theater of La Monnaie in Brussels .
Schwarzkopf showed an interest in music from an early age .
Legge asked her to sing Hugo Wolf 's lied Wer rief dich denn ?
In 1942 , she was invited to sing with the Vienna State Opera , where her roles included Konstanze in Mozart 's Die EntfÃ 1\/4 hrung aus dem Serail , Musetta and later MimÃ in Puccini 's La bohÃ me and Violetta in Verdi 's La traviata .
On 17 March 1979 , Walter Legge suffered a severe heart attack .
In 1934 , Schwarzkopf began her musical studies at the Berlin Hochschule fÃ 1\/4 r Musik . However at the suggestion of the baritone Karl Schmitt-Walter , she switched teachers and started working with the coloratura soprano Maria IvogÃ 1\/4 n as well as with IvogÃ 1\/4 n 's husband , the pianist Michael Raucheisen .
After living in Switzerland for many years , she took up residence in Vorarlberg , Austria .
Olga Maria Elisabeth Friederike Schwarzkopf was born in Jarotschin in the province of Posen in Prussia to Friedrich Schwarzkopf and his wife , Elisabeth nÃ e FrÃ hling .
For the next several years , she devoted herself exclusively to lieder recitals .
She performed in her first opera in 1928 , as Eurydice in a school production of Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice in Magdeburg , Germany .
The meaning of Teinainano is `` down of the mast '' , alluding to the sail-shape of the atoll .
There is a Kiribati Teacher College and a University of the South Pacific campus on South Tarawa .
South Tarawa -LRB- in Gilbertese and English : Teinainano Urban Council or TUC -RRB- is the official capital of the Republic of Kiribati on Tarawa Atoll .
Bairiki is sometimes considered the capital of Kiribati because at one time both the Parliament and the Presidency -LRB- and main administrative offices -RRB- were located there .
Bairiki is a village and an islet now part of South Tarawa , and at one time itself the center of government -LRB- and therefore , capital -RRB- of Kiribati .
The South Tarawa population center consists of all the small islets between Bairiki -LRB- on the west -RRB- to Temaiku\/Bonriki on the east .
All of several once separate islets are joined by causeways , forming one long islet on the reef along the southern side of the Tarawa Lagoon .
The Parliament meets on Ambo islet ; various ministries are scattered between South Tarawa , Betio and Christmas Island -LRB- ministry of the Line and Phoenix islands -RRB- .
Bairiki -LRB- executive -RRB- , Ambo -LRB- legislative -RRB- , Betio -LRB- judicial -RRB- are the main political centres of the capital .
The Roman Catholic diocese and the Kiribati Protestant Church -LRB- Congregational -RRB- are situated on South Tarawa .
Luther Vandross -LRB- April 20 , 1951 â `` July 1 , 2005 -RRB- was an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter , and record producer . During his career , Vandross sold over twenty-five million albums and won eight Grammy Awards including Best Male R&B Vocal Performance four times .
Pontavert is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kimberly Denise Jones -LRB- born July 11 , 1975 -RRB- , better known by her stage name Lil ' Kim , is an American rapper , singer , and actress who was a member of the group Junior M.A.F.I.A.
Koji Homma is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2 .
High-profile legal personalities have joined the College of Law teaching staff , like former Senator Ernesto Maceda in the legislation and public governance and lawyer Katrina Legarda for family law .
The Committee on Admission reserves the right to deny the admission of an applicant if the above requirements and all other admission criteria are not satisfactorily complied with .
Non-response within five days and\/or his\/her non-appearance will cause forfeiture of slot in the College .
Admission decision will be based on the result of the evaluation of all the required documents , as well as the entrance examination and the interview .
An applicant who passes the Admission Test will be informed of the date of interview .
The Committee on Admission shall submit to the Dean of the College its recommendation for his review and final recommendation to the President of the University .
The College of Law of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila -LRB- PLM -RRB- in Manila , Philippines is one of the two Professional schools of the University .
Any evidence of fraud , misrepresentation , or non-disclosure by the applicant of any information relative to the requirements shall be ground for the cancellation of his admission or enrollment .
Scotsport was a Scottish sports television program , broadcast on STV in northern and central Scotland , as well as on Border Television in southern Scotland .
There are two basic types of laksa : curry laksa and asam laksa . Curry laksa is a coconut curry soup with noodles , while asam laksa is a sour fish soup with noodles .
Laksa is popular in Singapore and Malaysia , as are laksa yong tau foo , lobster laksa , and even plain laksa , with just noodles and gravy .
Laksa is simply referred to or ordered at a restaurant as laksa -LRB- curry laksa -RRB- or asam laksa .
By default , laksa means the standard curry laksa while asam laksa refers to the standard Penang version .
There are two basic types of laksa : curry laksa and asam laksa .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from the Peranakan culture , which is a merger of Chinese and Malay elements found in Malaysia and Singapore , and to a lesser extent Indonesia .
The dozen is convenient because its multiples and divisors are convenient : 12 = 2 Ã -- 2 Ã -- 3 , 3 Ã -- 4 = 2 Ã -- 6 , 60 = 12 Ã -- 5 , 360 = 12 Ã -- 30 .
A great hundred , also known as a small gross , is 120 or ten dozen -LRB- a dozen for each finger on both hands -RRB- .
A baker 's dozen , also known as a long dozen , is thirteen .
Rudolf Walter Richard Hess -LRB- written HeÃ in German -RRB- -LRB- 26 April 1894 â `` 17 August 1987 -RRB- was a prominent Nazi politician and official acting as Adolf Hitler 's Deputy in the Nazi Party during the 1930s and early 1940s .
The main sights of Buochs are the church St. Martin , the Loreto chapel in Ennerberg , a monument of Johann Melchior Wyrsch , and the quay .
Buochs is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
It borders Norfolk to the south east , Cambridgeshire to the south , Rutland to the south west , Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire to the west , South Yorkshire to the north west , and the East Riding of Yorkshire to the north . It also borders Northamptonshire in the south for just 19 metres -LRB- 20 yards -RRB- , England 's shortest county boundary .
Lincolnshire -LRB- or ; abbreviated Lincs -RRB- is a county in the east of England .
The county town is the city of Lincoln , where the county council has its headquarters .
From their 1977 inception until June 1999 , the club 's home park was the Kingdome .
Enfranchised in , the Mariners are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
Safeco Field has been the Mariners ' home ballpark since July .
The Seattle Mariners are an American professional baseball team based in Seattle , Washington .
Loubieng is a commune in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
They married on October 11 , 1975 , and their only child , Chelsea , was born on February 27 , 1980 .
At 46 he was the third-youngest president .
William Jefferson `` Bill '' Clinton -LRB- born William Jefferson Blythe III , August 19 , 1946 -RRB- served as the 42nd President of the United States -LRB- 1993 â `` 2001 -RRB- .
Scientific laboratories can be found in schools and universities , in industry , in government or military facilities , and even aboard ships and spacecraft .
The purpose of this template is to display articles pertaining to universal mass transit modes and concepts , NOT any specific systems or modes\/concepts found in only one location .
The Template Modes of public transport has been merged into this template .
This change may not be reflected yet on all sites .
Emily Jordan Osment -LRB- born March 10 , 1992 -RRB- is an American teen actress , singer-songwriter and voice actress born in Los Angeles , California .
After working in several television films in her childhood , Osment gained fame for co-starring as Gerti Giggles in Spy Kids 2 : Island of Lost Dreams and Spy Kids 3-D : Game Over . Osment went on to co-star in the Emmy Award-nominated Disney Channel sitcom Hannah Montana as Lilly Truscott as well as the series movie , Hannah Montana : The Movie .
This is a list of magicians , illusionists , mentalists , escapologists , and other practitioners of stage magic .
Magicians are listed by the most common name used in performance .
For a list of witches , wizards , and other practitioners of paranormal magic , see : List of occultists .
Magicians ' actual names , when applicable , follow in parentheses .
He produced relatively few artworks , while moving quickly through the avant-garde circles of his time .
Marcel Duchamp -LRB- 28 July 1887 -- 2 October 1968 ; -RRB- was a French artist whose work is most often associated with the Dadaist and Surrealist movements .
Duchamp can be seen , very briefly , playing chess with Man Ray in the short film Entr ` acte -LRB- 1924 -RRB- by RenÃ Clair .
Duchamp 's output influenced the development of post-World War I Western art .
Instead , his main interest was now chess , which he studied for the rest of his life to the exclusion of most other activities .
He advised modern art collectors , such as Peggy Guggenheim and other prominent figures , thereby helping to shape the tastes of Western art during this period .
The creative act is not performed by the artist alone ; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering and interpreting its inner qualifications and thus adds his contribution to the creative act .
During this period his fascination with chess so distressed his first wife that she glued his pieces to the board .
A playful man , Duchamp challenged conventional thought about artistic processes and art marketing , not so much by writing , but through subversive actions such as dubbing a urinal art and naming it Fountain .
Duchamp continued to play in the French Championships and also in the Olympiads from 1928 â `` 1933 , favoring hypermodern openings such as the Nimzo-Indian .
Upon his return to Paris in 1923 , Duchamp was , in essence , no longer a practicing artist although he did work on several projects towards his death .
Leopoldsburg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
The Halifax Regional Council is responsible for all facets of municipal government , including the Halifax Regional Police , Halifax Public Libraries , Halifax Fire and Emergency , Halifax Regional Water Commission , parks and recreation , civic addressing , public works , waste management , and planning and development .
Halifax Regional Municipality -LRB- ; commonly Halifax or HRM -RRB- is the capital of the province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
For the most part , the differences between one balkline game and another are defined by two measures : 1 -RRB- the spacing of the balklines , and 2 -RRB- the number of points that are allowed in each balk space before at least one ball must leave the region .
The new game appearing in 1879 , called the champion 's game or limited-rail , is considered an intermediary game between straight rail and balkline and was designed with the specific intent of frustrating the rail nurse .
For example , the name 18.2 balkline , one of the more prominent balkline games , indicates that balklines are drawn 18 i distant from each rail , and only 2 counts are allowed in a balkspace before a ball must leave .
Some of the more prevalent today and historically are -LRB- chronologically by apparent date of development -RRB- : straight rail , cushion caroms , balkline , three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards .
In three-cushion billiards , sometimes called three-cushion carom , the object is to carom off both object balls with at least three being contacted before the contact of the cue ball with the second object ball . Three-cushion is a very difficult game .
However , the color also serves a useful function , as humans have a higher light sensitivity to green than to any other color , allowing play for longer periods of time without eye strain .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Carom billiards balls .
World title competition first started in 1986 and required the use of ivory balls .
The object of the game is to score cushion caroms , meaning a carom off of both object balls with at least one rail being struck before the hit on the second object ball .
The first three-cushion billiards tournament took place January 14 -- 31 , 1878 in St. Louis , with McCreery a participant and New Yorker Leon Magnus the winner .
The New York Times announced it with fanfare : `` For the first time in the history of world 's championship balkline billiards a heated table will be used ... ''
Cloth has been used to cover billiards tables since the 15th century .
Today , straight rail play is relatively uncommon in the U.S. but retains popularity in Europe , where it is considered a fine practice game for both balkline and three-cushion billiards .
Heating table beds is an old practice .
Techniques continued to develop which increased counts greatly despite the crotching prohibition , especially the development of a variety of '' '' techniques .
Three-cushion billiards retains great popularity in parts of Europe , Asia , and Latin America , and is the most popular carom billiards game played in the US today , where pool is far more widespread .
Some of the more prevalent today and historically are -LRB- chronologically by apparent date of development -RRB- : straight rail , cushion caroms , balkline , three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards . There are many other carom billiards games , predominantly intermediary or offshoot games combining elements of those already listed , such as the champion 's game , an intermediary game between straight rail and balkline , as well as games which are hybrids of carom billiards and pocket billiards , such as English billiards played on a snooker table and its descendant games , American four-ball billiards , and cowboy pool .
Both types of ball sets are permitted in tournament play .
The object of straight rail is simple : one point , called a `` count '' , is scored each time a player 's cue ball makes contact with both object balls -LRB- the second cue ball and the third ball -RRB- on a single .
The game is played predominantly in western Europe , especially in France , Belgium and the Netherlands .
The word `` carom '' , which simply means any strike and rebound , came into use in the 1860s and is a shortening of Spanish and Portuguese carambola and French carambole , which was earlier used to describe the red object ball .
In the balkline games , rather than drawing balklines a few inches from the corners , the entire table is divided into rectangular balk spaces , by drawing balklines a certain distance lengthwise and widthwise across the length of the table a set number of inches parallel out from each rail .
The slate bed of a billiard table is often heated to about 5 Â C\/9 Â F above room temperature , which helps to keep moisture out of the cloth to aid the balls rolling and rebounding in a consistent manner , and generally makes a table play faster .
In general , the shots making up the game -- even 4-point shots -- require a high degree of skill , devoted practice and specialized knowledge to perform .
It was known as French caroms , French billiards or the French game in early times , taking those bygone names from the French who popularized it .
The governing body of the sport is the ConfÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Billard Artistique -LRB- CIBA -RRB- .
Queen Victoria of England -LRB- 1819 -- 1901 -RRB- had a billiard table that was heated using zinc tubes , although the aim at that time was chiefly to keep the then-used ivory balls from warping .
Cushion caroms is rarely played in the U.S. , but it still enjoys some popularity in Europe .
Over its history balkline has had many variations including 8.2 , 10.2 , 12.2 , 13.2 , 12 Â 1\/2 .2 , 14.1 , 14.2 , 18.1 , 18.2 , 28.2 , 38.2 , 39.2 , 42.2 , 45.1 , 45.2 , 47.1 , 47.2 , 57.2 and 71.2 balkline .
Professional straight rail in the US only had a six year run from 1873 to 1879 .
Billiard balls have been made from many different materials since the start of the game , including clay , wood , ivory , plastics -LRB- including celluloid , Bakelite , crystalate , and phenolic resin -RRB- and even steel .
jpg thumb left 200px A standard set of carom billiards balls -LRB- 61.5 mm -LRB- 27 â 16 in -RRB- diameter -RRB- , including a red , a plain white , and a dotted cue ball for the opponent .
The most important of these , the ' , involves the progressive nudging of the object balls down a rail , ideally moving them just a few centimeters on each count , keeping them close together and positioned at the end of each stroke in the same or near the same configuration such that the nurse can be replicated again and again .
Players are allowed three attempts at each shot .
In its simplest form , the object of the game is to score or `` counts '' by ' one 's own off both the opponent 's cue ball and the on a single shot .
A heated table is required under international carom rules and is an especially important requirement for the games of three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards .
While UMB , the International Olympic Committee-recognized world carom billiards authority , permits balls as small as 61.0 mm -LRB- approximately 23 â 8 -RRB- , no major manufacturer produces such balls any longer , and the de facto standard is 61.5 mm .
Balkline is not very common in the U.S. , but remains popular in Europe and the Far East .
By 1924 , three-cushion had become so popular that two giants in other billiard disciplines agreed to take up the game especially for a challenge match .
There are many other carom billiards games , predominantly intermediary or offshoot games combining elements of those already listed , such as the champion 's game , an intermediary game between straight rail and balkline , as well as games which are hybrids of carom billiards and pocket billiards , such as English billiards played on a snooker table and its descendant games , American four-ball billiards , and cowboy pool .
A win is achieved by reaching an agreed upon number of counts .
In Artistic billiards , sometimes called fantasy billiards or -LRB- in French -RRB- fantaisie classique , players compete at performing 76 preset shots of varying difficulty .
The game was infrequently played , with many top carom players of the era voicing their dislike of it , until after the 1907 introduction of the Lambert Trophy .
In fact , the predecessor company of the most famous maker of billiard cloth , Iwan Simonis , was formed in 1453 .
Straight rail , sometimes referred to as carom billiards , straight billiards , the three-ball game , the carambole game , and the free game in Europe , is thought to date to the 18th century , although no exact time of origin is known .
In some sets of balls , however , the second cue ball is solid yellow .
Most cloth made for carom billiards tables is a type of baize that is dyed green , and is made from 100 % worsted wool , which provides a very fast surface allowing the balls to travel with little resistance across the table .
There are many variation of balkline but all divide the table into marked regions called balk spaces . Such balk spaces define areas of the in which a player may only score up to a threshold number of points while the are within that region .
However , the technique of crotching , or freezing two balls into the corner where the rails meetâ '' the crotchâ '' vastly increasing counts , resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be driven away .
The first viable substitute was celluloid billiard balls , invented by John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 , but the material was volatile and highly flammable , sometimes exploding during manufacture .
The principal governing body of the sport is the Union Mondiale de Billard -LRB- UMB -RRB- .
There are many variation of balkline but all divide the table into marked regions called balk spaces .
There is a total of 500 points available to a player .
The International Olympic Committee-recognized World Pool-Billiard Association -LRB- WPA -RRB- cooperates with the UMB to keep their rulesets synchronized .
The game is sometimes incorrectly referred to as one-cushion or one-cushion billiards , which is the direct translation of its name into English from various other languages such as Spanish -LRB- `` una banda '' -RRB- and German -LRB- `` einband '' -RRB- .
The first use of electric heating was for an 18.2 balkline tournament held in December 1927 between Welker Cochran and Jacob Schaefer , Jr. .
Some etymologists have suggested that carambola , in turn , was derived from a yellow-to-orange , tropical Asian fruit also known in Portuguese as a carambola -LRB- which was a corruption of the original name of the fruit , karambal in the Marathi language of India -RRB- , also known as star fruit .
The three standard balls in most carom billiards games consist of a completely white cue ball , a second cue ball with typically a red or black dot on it -LRB- to aid in differentiation between the two cue balls -RRB- , and a third , red ball .
The game employed diagonal lines -- balklines -- at the table 's corners to regions where counts were restricted , thus `` cutting off four triangular spaces in the four corners , -LRB- taking -RRB- away 28 inches -LRB- 711 mm -RRB- of the ` nursing ' surface of the end rails and 56 inches -LRB- 1422 mm -RRB- on the long rails . ''
Carom billiards , sometimes called carambole billiards or simply carambole -LRB- and in some cases used as a synonym for the game of straight rail from which many carom games derive -RRB- , is the overarching title of a family of billiards games generally played on cloth-covered , 5 by 10 feet -LRB- approximately 1.5 Ã -- 3 m -RRB- pocketless tables , which often feature heated slate beds .
The high run for the tournament was just 6 points , and the high average a 0.75 .
Balkline succeeded the champion 's game , adding more rules to curb nursing techniques .
However , this requirement was dropped in 1990 .
The highest score ever achieved in world competition was 374 , by the Frenchman Jean Reverchon in 1992 , while the highest score in competition overall is 427 set by Belgian Walter Bax on March 12 , 2006 at a competition held in Deurne , Belgium , beating his own previous record of 425 .
Some games use an additional object ball . -RRB- -RRB-
Each set shot has a maximum point value assigned for perfect execution , ranging from a 4-point maximum for lowest level difficulty shots , and climbing to an 11-point maximum for shots deemed highest in difficulty level .
The green color of cloth was originally chosen to emulate the look of grass , and has been so colored since the 16th century .
Each shot in an artistic billiards match is played from a well-defined position -LRB- in some venues within an exacting two millimeter tolerance -RRB- , and each shot must unfold in an established manner .
Hoppe was the eventual winner with a final score in of 600 -- 527 .
It had been staging world three-cushion championships since the late 1920s .
Additionally , Europe hosts professional competitions known as pentathlons after the ancient Greek Olympic competitions , in which straight rail is featured as one of five billiards disciplines at which players compete , the other four being 47.1 balkline , cushion caroms , 71.2 balkline and three-cushion billiards .
It was in part spurred on by a New York billiard table manufacturer who announced a prize of $ 10,000 for a substitute material .
On September 22 , 1924 , Willie Hoppe , the world 's balkline champion -LRB- who later took up three-cushion with a passion -RRB- , and Ralph Greenleaf , the world 's straight pool title holder , played a well advertised , multi-day , to 600 .
The dominant material from 1627 until the early - to mid-20th century was ivory .
The search for a substitute for ivory use was not for environmental concerns but based on economic motivation and fear of danger for elephant hunters .
Modern billiard balls are made from phenolic resin or other highly resilient plastics , are normally 61.5 mm -LRB- 27 â 16 in -RRB- in diameter , weigh between 205 and 220 grams -LRB- 7.23 -- 7.75 ounces ; 7.5 is average -RRB- , and are significantly larger and heavier than their pocket billiards counterparts .
Cushion caroms , sometimes called by its original name , the indirect game , is traceable to 1820 's Britain and is a descendant of the doublet game dating to at least 1807 .
Additionally , rectangles are drawn where each balkline meets a rail , called anchor spaces , which developed to stop a number of nursing techniques that exploited the fact that if the object balls straddled a balkline , no count limit was in place .
Such balk spaces define areas of the in which a player may only score up to a threshold number of points while the are within that region .
Although she began acting at age 17 in 1965 , Hershey did not achieve much critical acclaim until the latter half of the 1980s .
Barbara Hershey -LRB- born Barbara Lynn Herzstein ; February 5 , 1948 -RRB- , also known as Barbara Seagull , is an American actress .
Berryville is an incorporated town in and the county seat of Clarke County , Virginia , United States .
The Crimean Astrophysical Observatory -LRB- CrAO -RRB- is located in Ukraine .
O'Connor married New Zealand native and restaurant manager Steve Muir on October 14 , 2000 .
In 1989 , O'Connor landed a recurring role in a serial called Teen Angel , featured on the `` New Mickey Mouse Club . ''
O'Connor began her television career at the age of sixteen with commercials for McDonald 's and Exxon .
She was later cast as Gabrielle , and co-starred opposite Lucy Lawless as Xena 's companion on Xena : Warrior Princess .
She set up The RenÃ e O'Connor Outreach Fund which is designed to raise money for families in need and to support families whose medical bills have become too overwhelming due to serious illness .
The couple divorced in 2005 .
She was voted # 45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia 's 100 Sexiest Women in 2000 .
O'Connor was born in Katy , Texas , to Walter and Sandra O'Connor .
She has an older brother named Chris , who is a grocery store manager , and her biological father Walter is a finance manager .
O'Connor is currently in pre-production -LRB- 2008 -RRB- on her second ROC Pictures LLC film which she wrote , will produce and direct .
They were so impressed by her performance opposite Hercules : The Legendary Journeys star Kevin Sorbo that they signed her for a starring role in `` Darkman II : The Return of Durant . ''
RenÃ e O'Connor -LRB- born Evelyn RenÃ e O'Connor ; February 15 , 1971 -RRB- is an American actress , producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series Xena : Warrior Princess from 1995 to 2001 .
O'Connor has a cult following in the lesbian community , stemming from her role as Gabrielle in Xena : Warrior Princess and her ambiguous relationship with her traveling companion Xena .
Her first independent production was Diamonds and Guns , a romantic comedy about two friends who go to Las Vegas to find true love .
She made the cover of TV Guide on the July 29 , 2000 to August 4 , 2000 issue as one of `` The Sexiest Stars in the Universe '' .
It was shot digitally .
O'Connor has appeared at gay pride events such as the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras and the 2007 Dinah Shore Weekend in Palm Springs .
O'Connor was voted # 3 of the most intriguing people in 1996 , # 2 in 1997 , and one of the most beautiful people of 1997 , by People Online .
O'Connor first came to the attention of Xena : Warrior Princess executive producers Robert G. Tapert and Sam Raimi with an `` over-the-top '' audition that won her the role of the young Deianeira in their two-hour `` Action Pack '' adventure `` Hercules and the Lost Kingdom '' .
O'Connor was featured in Maxim magazine in November 1999 with a photo shot and intimate interview .
O'Connor raised funds for the movie by selling autographed photos and a few of her personal paintings on eBay .
She and Sura have a daughter , Iris Sura O'Connor -LRB- born March 19 , 2006 -RRB- .
O'Connor became involved with Jed Sura , an actor she met while filming Enter in 2003 and later Diamonds and Guns in 2004 .
O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production .
O'Connor is an active supporter of the Alissa Ann Ruch Burn Foundation , working each year at the Southern California Firefighters Burn Relay which benefits the Foundation .
She transferred back to James E. Taylor High School to graduate with her friends .
Her mother and stepfather , Sandra and Eddie Wilson , own the restaurant `` Threadgill 's '' in Austin , famous for being the site of Janis Joplin 's first performance .
They have a son , Miles William Muir -LRB- born September 22 , 2001 -RRB- .
In June 2007 , and again in June 2008 , O'Connor was named to the AfterEllen.com Hot 100 List .
This led to roles in another Disney serial called Match Point , and an episode of Tales from the Crypt -LRB- directed by Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- , though her Crypt role was later cut .
After the end of Xena , O'Connor began a film production company , ROC Pictures .
From 1995 to 2001 , during the filming of Xena , O'Connor lived in Auckland , New Zealand , where she still owns a home .
In January 2007 , O'Connor topped the 2006 annual list of LesbiaNation.com â '' establishing her as the longest reigning queen of their top-ten list of `` Women We Love '' .
A string of other commercials followed , as well as a series of odd jobs such as Porky Pig at Astroworld and an aerobics instructor in L.A. .
O'Connor then portrayed an imperiled student on the NBC special `` The Flood '' , Cheryl Ladd 's daughter in Danielle Steel 's `` Changes '' , a woman captured by Shawnee Indians in ABC 's Follow the River , an actress who hires Rockford as her bodyguard in The Rockford Files : A Blessing in Disguise , Julia Wilkes in Disney 's `` The Adventures of Huck Finn '' , and the daughter of a murdered couple in an episode of NYPD Blue .
At age twelve , she began studying acting at Houston 's Alley Theatre , and later attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston .
AurÃ lio was born on September 24 , 1979 in SÃ # o Carlos , Brazil .
FÃ bio AurÃ lio Rodrigues -LRB- born 24 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Liverpool of the Premier League , having previously played for SÃ # o Paulo and Valencia .
These western companies also release films comics for young readers .
A film comic , or anime comics , also referred to as ani-manga , are Japanese manga volumes which use images from an anime series , film , or video release instead of the standard drawn panels .
Companies such as Tokyopop and Viz release films comics but refer to them as Cine-manga and Ani-manga , respectively .
They generally contain the full dialog from the anime from which they are adapted .
While generally published in book form , they are also sometimes released electronically as e-books , occasionally called e-manga .
This format has been adopted by companies such as Disney and companies from other countries ' television and film , and may even be based on live-action productions .
Films comics have been well received in English speaking countries , with some titles selling more than 500,000 copies .
Aefligen is a municipality in the Emmental administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Alexander James `` Alex '' McLean , -LRB- born January 9 , 1978 -RRB- , known as A.J. McLean , is an American musician and singer . He is a member of the Florida based vocal group , the Backstreet Boys .
The show consisted of his solo material and a solo version of the Backstreet Boys hit , `` Incomplete '' .
In March 2008 , McLean performed his first two solo shows -LRB- as himself -RRB- at the Anaheim House of Blues and The Roxy in Los Angeles .
Historian H.R. Mill notes that Morrell 's description of the island 's physical features fails to mention the island 's most singular characteristicâ '' it is covered by a permanent ice sheet .
Nevertheless he concedes that `` a man may be ignorant , boastful and obscure , and yet have done a solid piece of work '' .
Charles Enderby stated publicly that `` he had heard so much of him that he did not think fit to enter into any engagement with him . ''
In these conditions the group covered 31 m , taking frequent sightings .
Another inclined to defend Morrell 's integrity is the writer Rupert Gould , who included a lengthy essay on New South Greenland in his collection Enigmas , published in 1929 .
At 2 pm next day , 15 March , as Wasp cruised north-east in the sea that would later bear Weddell 's name , Morrell records : `` land was seen from the masthead , bearing west , distance 3 leagues '' -LRB- about nine miles , 14 km -RRB- .
This evidence , and the general nature of Morrell 's accountâ '' its obvious errors , and his reputation as a braggart `` as great ... as any hero of autobiographical romance '' in the words of British geographer Hugh Robert Mill , led many geographers thereafter to ignore his claims .
From this point , according to his own account , Morrell decided to take advantage of strong easterly winds , and made a rapid passage westward back to the Greenwich meridian , 0 Â .
He then wrote his Narrative of Four Voyages , which was published the following year .
At the time of Morrell 's voyage , the geography of the then unnamed Weddell Sea and its surrounding coasts was almost entirely unknown , making the claimed sighting initially plausible .
Morrell describes seal hunting activities continuing along this putative coast during the remainder of the day .
It is also possible that some of these lands existed , but later became submerged after volcanic eruptions .
He then attempted to take the ship southwards but , reaching thick ice at around 60 Â S , turned northeast towards the Kerguelen Islands where he anchored on .
In his account Morrell writes that he was `` destitute of the various nautical and mathematical instruments '' , but other parts of his narrative make it clear that the occasional dead reckoning calculation was the exception to the norm .
Bruce was , however , generally well-disposed towards Morrell , writing that his claims should not be rejected until absolutely disproved .
In 1922 Frank Wild , leading the Shackleton-Rowett Expedition aboard Quest after Shackleton 's death early in the expedition , investigated the location of Ross 's sighting .
He proposed to use this discretion to investigate the Antarctic seas `` and to ascertain the practicality ... of penetrating to the South Pole . ''
A sounding of the sea bottom revealed more than 5000 f of water , indicating no land in near proximity .
He reportedly died in 1839 , and is commemorated by Morrell Island , 59 Â 27 'S , 27 Â 19 ` W , an alternative name for Thule Island in the Southern Thule sub-group of the South Sandwich Islands .
One form of superior mirage , sometimes described as a Fata Morgana , distorts distant flat coastlines or ice edges both vertically and horizontally , so they can appear to have tall cliffs and other features such as high mountain peaks and valleys .
On a further sounding of 1,900 fathoms -LRB- 11,400 feet , 3,500 m -RRB- gave Shackleton additional evidence of the non-existence of New South Greenland .
Gould writes : `` If Morrell wished to gain an undeserved reputation as an Antarctic explorer , one would think he could have gone a better way about it than to bury his piÃ ces justificatives , after he had forged them , in an undistinguished corner of so bulky a book . ''
Gould also discusses the possibility that what Morrell sighted was indeed the eastern coast of Graham Land , the so-called `` Foyn Coast '' , despite its being 14 Â further west from position of the New South Greenland sighting .
Filchner concluded that what Morrell had seen had been a mirage .
Polar historian Robert Headland of the Scott Polar Research Institute has suggested various reasons for these false sightings , ranging from `` too much rum '' to deliberate hoaxes designed to lure rival ships away from good sealing grounds .
In support , Gould asserts that the peninsula 's eastern coast corresponds very closely with the stretch of coastline described by Morrell .
On Wasp reached Candlemas Island in the South Sandwich Islands .
Morrell turned north from a position he calculated as 67 Â 52 'S , 48 Â 11W .
Daylight was limited to two or three hours a day , and temperatures fell to â 31 Â F -LRB- â 35 Â C -RRB- , making travel difficult .
In his account Morrell wrongly records the position of this anchorage , placing it in open sea about 60 m south-west of the island 's coastline .
New South Greenland , sometimes known as Morrell 's Land , was an appearance of land recorded by the American captain Benjamin Morrell of the schooner Wasp in , during a sealing and exploration voyage in the Weddell Sea area of Antarctica .
Here , a depth sounding recorded 1,676 fathoms -LRB- 10,060 feet , 3,065 m -RRB- , leading Shackleton to write : `` I decided that Morrell Land must be added to the long list of Antarctic islands and continental coasts that have resolved themselves into icebergs '' .
Although Filchner 's and Shackleton 's investigations and observations were accepted as conclusive proof that New South Greenland was a myth , there remained the question of Sir James Ross 's reported appearance of land in a position around 65 Â S , 47 Â W. Ross 's reputation was sufficient for this possibility to be taken seriously , and for his alleged sighting to be recorded on maps and Admiralty charts .
This scepticism remained even after Sir James Clark Ross reported an appearance of land in 1843 , not far from Morrell 's alleged observation : Ross 's sighting was occasionally proffered as supportive of Morrell 's claim .
These words are very similar to those used by the British explorer James Weddell to describe his own experiences in the same area , a month earlier , which has led historians to suspect that Morrell may have plagiarised Weddell 's experiences .
However , Morrell describes his find briefly and prosaically , evidently seeking no personal credit or glory from the discovery .
This theory supposes that Morrell miscalculated the ship 's position , perhaps because he lacked the chronometer necessary for proper navigational observation .
This would be the first of four extended voyages that would keep Morrell at sea for most of the following eight years , although he would not revisit the Antarctic after the initial voyage .
Nothing was seen ; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot , Wild took a sounding at 64 Â 11 'S , 46 Â 4 ` W , which revealed 2331 f of water .
In 1843 the distinguished British naval explorer James Clark Ross reported possible land in a position close to Morrell 's ; this land , too , would eventually be proven not to exist .
After a few days spent in a search for fuel to feed the ship 's stoves Wasp sailed southwards on , into the area later known as the Weddell Sea .
He believes that the claimed farthest south in the Weddell Sea , queried by Mill , is entirely plausible , given that James Weddell had sailed four degrees further south just a month earlier .
At 10 o'clock Wasp `` bade farewell to the cheerless shores of New South Greenland '' ; there is no further mention of it in the long voyage account .
In his expedition account South , Shackleton gives a description of a Fata Morgana observed on 1915 , coincidentally as his ship Endurance drifted close to the recorded position of New South Greenland : `` The distant pack is thrown up into towering barrier-like cliffs , which are reflected in blue lakes and lanes of water at their base .
There was no further penetration of the Weddell Sea until 1903 , when William Speirs Bruce took Scotia to 74 Â 1 'S , but in a sector of the sea which did not bring him close to Morrell 's or Ross 's sightings .
On the following morning sealing resumed as the ship moved slowly southward , and continued until Morrell called a halt `` because of shortage of water and season far advanced '' .
He suggests that Morrell and his crew saw a superior mirage .
His account is light on details , but indicates that a distance of more than 3500 m was covered in 23 days .
Mills calls the westward journey from Morrell 's claimed farthest east position `` impossible ... unbelievably fast , quite apart from lying south of the coastline for much of the way '' .
In addition to his sealing duties Morrell had , as he put it , `` discretionary powers to prosecute new discoveries . ''
Hugh Robert Mill , writing in 1905 before the non-existence of New South Greenland had been proved conclusively , refers to the sheer absurdity of some of the incidents described in Morrell 's account , and concludes that because of Morrell 's blunders , and his habit of incorporating the experiences of others into his story , all his claims must be treated as not proven .
Robert Johnson , who coined the name New South Greenland , disappeared with his ship in 1826 , while investigating the Antarctic waters in the vicinity of what would later be known as the Ross Sea .
On 17 August 1915 Sir Ernest Shackleton 's ship Endurance , trapped in the ice like Deutschland three years earlier , drifted to a point 10 miles west of Morrell 's charted position .
Filchner left the ship on and , with two companions and sufficient provisions for three weeks , sledged westward across the sea ice in search of Morrell 's land .
Three days later , on , the ship passed what he took to be the northern cape of the land , at 62 Â 41 'S , 47 Â 21 ` W. `` This land abounds with oceanic birds of every description '' , wrote Morrell .
Wasp sailed south from New York on 1822 .
In any circumstances a longitudinal error of 14 Â is very large , and the additional distance of about 350 m to the Foyn coast seems too great to have been covered within the ten-day voyage from the South Sandwich Islands , where the ship 's position is recorded accurately .
From the first navigations of the Southern Ocean in the 16th century , lands which subsequently proved to be nonexistent had from time to time been reported in these waters .
The assumption that the New South Greenland sighting was simply invented by Morrell is dismissed , primarily on the grounds of the very little weight given to the discovery in Morrell 's 500-page account .
In the early 19th century the geography of Antarctica was almost completely unknown , though occasional sightings of land had been recorded .
This retreat , Morrell says , was due to the ship 's lack of fuel ; otherwise , he claims , in these open waters he could have taken the ship to 85 Â , or perhaps to the Pole itself .
Three years later , trapped in the same waters with his ship Endurance , Ernest Shackleton was able by similar means to confirm the land 's non-existence .
Alternatively , he may have made the common error of confusing distant icebergs with land , or been misled by the distorting effects of Antarctic mirage .
She reached the Falkland Islands late in October , after which Morrell spent 16 days in fruitless searches for the nonexistent Aurora Islands , before heading for South Georgia , where the ship anchored on .
Morrell may have been honestly mistaken , through miscalculation of his ship 's position or by misremembering detail when writing the account after nine years .
Even so , Gould maintains that a `` balance of evidence '' shows that what Morrell saw was the Foyn coast .
In the relatively few pages devoted to the Antarctic , Morrell 's account of his discovery is brief and entirely matter-of-fact , crediting it to Captain Johnson two years earlier rather than to himself .
Although dubious about much of Morrell 's account , Simpson-Housley suggests that the speeds claimed for the western journey , though fast , are not impossible .
Her subsequent north-westerly drift had , by mid - , brought her to a position 37 m east of Morrell 's recorded sighting .
Morrell also sought to join Dumont D'Urville 's expedition to the Weddell Sea in 1837 , but his services were again declined .
In his narrative he assigns the honor to his fellow sealing captain , Robert Johnson , for finding and naming the land two years earlier .
The expedition 's ship , Deutschland , had become trapped in heavy sea ice while attempting to establish a shore base at Vahsel Bay .
According to W.J. Mills , Morrell had the reputation among his contemporaries as `` the biggest liar in the Southern Ocean '' .
They found no signs of land ; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped , a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity .
After several days of exploration and evidently profitable sealing , Wasp left the Kerguelens on 1823 , sailing south and east to record her furthest eastern position at 64 Â 52 'S , 118 Â 27 ' E on .
Morrell 's four voyages finally ended on 1831 , with his return to New York .
Mountains of snow , he observed , could be discerned about 75 m further south .
Canadian geographer Paul Simpson-Housley adopts a more sympathetic approach .
He attempted to resume his seafaring career , seeking employment with the London-based shipping firm of Enderby Brothers , but his reputation had preceded him and he was rejected .
Doubt was cast over the existence of New South Greenland when , in 1838 , the French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville sailed over the position of Morrell 's `` north cape '' , but saw no indication of land .
Some may have been of large ice masses that were carrying rocks and other glacial debrisâ '' dirty ice can appear convincingly similar to land .
Wasp subsequently headed eastwards to hunt for seals and , according to Morrell , reached the remote Bouvet Island on , finding this elusive island without apparent difficulty .
In 1822 Benjamin Morrell , who had sailed to the South Sandwich Islands the previous year , was appointed commander of the schooner Wasp for a two-year voyage of sealing , trading and exploration in the Antarctic seas and the southern Pacific Ocean .
Wasp sailed for Tierra del Fuego , then through the Magellan Strait into the Pacific Ocean , reaching Valparaiso , Chile , on 1823 .
Great white and golden cities of Oriental appearance at close intervals along these cliff-tops indicate distant bergs ... The lines rise and fall , tremble , dissipate , and reappear in an endless transformation scene '' .
Robert Johnson , a former captain of the Wasp , had made an exploratory voyage along the western coast of the Antarctic peninsula in 1821 , calling it `` New South Greenland '' .
In search of an explanation Mills suggests that since Morrell 's account was written nine years after the voyage he may not have had access to the ship 's log , and hence may `` have felt constrained to invent details that appeared plausible '' in order to sustain his narrative .
The first determined search for New South Greenland came during the Second German Antarctic Expedition , 1911 â `` 13 , under Wilhelm Filchner .
Other sightings may have been of actual land , wrongly located through observational errors due to chronometer failure , adverse weather or simple incompetence .
He also records seeing 3,000 sea elephants .
This showed that no land was near .
Filchner 's view that the supposed sighting of New South Greenland could be explained by a mirage is echoed by Simpson-Housley .
His account continues : `` At half past we were close on with the body of land to which Captain Johnson had given the name of New South Greenland '' .
Finding the sea remarkably free of ice , Morrell advanced to 70 Â 14 'S before turning north-westward on .
The credibility of this claim of such fast , direct travel in ice-infested waters has been widely disputed , particularly as Morrell quotes southerly latitudes during the voyage which later proved to be at least 100 miles inside the then undiscovered Antarctic continental mainland .
In the German explorer Wilhelm Filchner searched for but found no traces of land , after his ship Deutschland became icebound in the Weddell Sea and drifted into the locality of Morrell 's observation .
This would explain the profusion of positional and date errors .
Zhejiangopterus is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur known from one species , which lived in China during the late Cretaceous Period .
Gregory Lenoir Allman -LRB- born December 8 , 1947 in Nashville , Tennessee -RRB- , known as Gregg Allman -LRB- sometimes spelled Greg Allman -RRB- , is a rock and blues singer , keyboardist , guitarist and songwriter , best known as a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band .
Allman 's solo career has continued intermittently throughout the subsequent decades , sometimes touring when the Allman Brothers Band is off the road . Generally , these solo efforts - first with the Gregg Allman Band , and later with Gregg Allman & Friends - eschew lengthy guitar solos and cast Allman more in the mode of his favorite soul singers .
It 's considered that the Commelinales together with Zingiberales evolved in the Late Cretaceous around 80 millions of years ago .
Commelinales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants .
Two of the best-known genera in the order are Commelina and Tradescantia .
Keysville is a town in Charlotte County , Virginia , United States .
Õ Õ Õ Ö Haykâ is the nominative plural in Classical Armenian of Õ Õ Õ -LRB- hay -RRB- , the Armenian term for `` Armenian . '' The etymology of Hayk -LRB- Õ Õ Õ Ö -RRB- from Hayk -LRB- Õ Õ Õ Õ -RRB- is impossible .
In Movses Khorenatsi 's account , Hayk son of Torgom had a child named Armanak while he was living in Babylon . After the arrogant Titanid Bel made himself king over all , Hayk emigrated to the region near Mount Ararat with an extended household of at least 300 and settled there , founding a village he named Haykashen .
He assembled his own army along the shore of Lake Van and told them that they must defeat and kill Bel , or die trying to do so , rather than become his slaves .
Pyatt is a town in Marion County , Arkansas , United States .
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Sun played an instrumental role in inspiring the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty , the last imperial dynasty of China .
Sun was the first provisional president when the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- was founded in 1912 and later co-founded the Chinese National People 's Party or Kuomintang -LRB- KMT -RRB- where he served as its first leader .
Sun Yat-sen -LRB- ; 12 November 1866 -- 12 March 1925 -RRB- was a Chinese doctor , revolutionary and political leader .
In rowing , time trial races , where the boats are sent out at 10 to 20 second intervals , are usually called `` head races . ''
In cycling , for example , a time trial -LRB- TT -RRB- can be a single track cycling event , or an individual or team time trial on the road , and either or both of the latter may form components of multi-day stage races .
In many racing sports an athlete -LRB- or occasionally a team of athletes -RRB- will compete in a time trial against the clock to secure the fastest time .
Landerrouat is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Glycogen is found in the form of granules in the cytosol\/cytoplasm in many cell types , and plays an important role in the glucose cycle .
When it is needed for energy , glycogen is broken down and converted again to glucose .
Glycogen forms an energy reserve that can be quickly mobilized to meet a sudden need for glucose , but one that is less compact than the energy reserves of triglycerides -LRB- lipids -RRB- .
Only the glycogen stored in the liver can be made accessible to other organs .
Boquhan is a village in Stirling , Scotland .
Park County was created on February 15 , 1909 , and given the descriptive name as a location for Yellowstone National Park .
Simone Perrotta , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI , -LRB- born September 17 , 1977 in Ashton-under-Lyne , England -RRB- is an English-born Italian World Cup-winning footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Roma .
He has been a senior hurricane specialist there since 1987 and is the longest-tenured senior specialist .
Dr. Lixion Avila is a weather forecaster with the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC -RRB- .
Tom Whedon is an American television screenwriter , and son of a major 1950s TV screenwriter , John Whedon .
He and first wife , political activist Lee Stearns , are the parents of Film and TV Screenwriter , Joss Whedon -LRB- Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , Firefly , and Dollhouse -RRB- .
However in 1976 the then Irish government , the Fine Gaelâ `` Labor Party National Coalition under Liam Cosgrave informed him that he was not being re-appointed to the Commission .
Hillery , it was revealed , had called in the Irish Army 's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to ensure that no politician ever interfered with the career of the young army officer .
Hillery , though not himself political , agreed under pressure from Clare 's senior Fianna FÃ il TD , party leader and former Taoiseach , Ã amon de Valera , to become his running mate in the 1951 general election .
Dr. Hillery is regarded as a powerhouse of ideas , one of the few members of Fianna FÃ il who has new policies and is eager to implement them .
A briefing paper , prepared for then British Foreign Secretary , Sir Alec Douglas-Home and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland William Whitelaw , observed about Hillery :
He can appear diffident and casual but has an undoubted intellectual capacity and a strong will ; since the government crisis of 1970 he has appeared much more assured -- even brash -- and has handled the DÃ il with confidence . '
In 1972 , he negotiated Irish membership of the European Economic Community -LRB- EEC -RRB- , a process that was completed in 1973 .
Following Ireland 's successful entry into Europe Hillery was rewarded by becoming the first Irishman to serve on the European Commission .
He also spent a year working as coroner for West Clare .
Together they had a son , John , and a daughter , Vivienne , who died after a long illness in 1987 , shortly before her eighteenth birthday .
He remained on the backbenches for almost a decade , before finally becoming a minister following de Valera 's retirement as Taoiseach in 1959 .
Patrick John Hillery , more popularly known as Paddy Hillery , was born in Spanish Point , Miltown Malbay , County Clare in 1923 .
In 2002 , state papers released by the British Public Record Office under the ` Thirty Year Rule ' and published in the Irish media , revealed how Hillery was viewed .
In 1983 Hillery was again elected unopposed sharing the distinction with SeÃ n T. O'Kelly and Ã amon de Valera of serving two full terms as President of Ireland .
Hillery left office in 1990 -LRB- he had served the maximum two terms -RRB- , widely applauded for his integrity , honesty and devotion to duty .
The greatest example has been in his present job -LRB- then , Minister for Foreign Affairs -RRB- , where he has perforce concentrated on Anglo-Irish relations and , in particular the North -LRB- i.e. , Northern Ireland -RRB- .
His reputation rose further when opposition leaders under parliamentary privilege alleged that Taoiseach Charles Haughey , who in January 1982 had been Leader of the Opposition , had not merely rung the President 's Office but threatened to end the career of the army officer who took the call and who , on Hillery 's explicit instructions , had refused to put through the call to the President .
He considered returning to medicine , perhaps moving with his wife , Maeve -LRB- also a doctor -RRB- to Africa .
As Social Affairs Commissioner Hillery 's most famous policy initiative was to force EEC member states to give equal pay to women .
Dr. Hillery has a pleasant manner .
When a furious President Ã `` DÃ laigh resigned , a deeply reluctant Hillery agreed to become the Fianna FÃ il candidate for the presidency .
The election resulted in a return to power for Fianna FÃ il and Hillery was successful on his first attempt to get elected .
Patrick John `` Paddy '' Hillery -LRB- 2 May 1923 â `` 12 April 2008 -RRB- was an Irish Fianna FÃ il politician and the sixth President of Ireland from 1976 until 1990 .
Upon his conferral in 1947 he returned to his native town where he followed in his fatherâ s footsteps as a doctor .
At third level Hillery attended University College Dublin where he qualified with a degree in medicine .
Hillery married Mary Beatrice -LRB- Maeve -RRB- Finnegan on 27 October 1955 .
He was appointed Vice-President of the Commission as well as having special responsibility for Social Affairs .
However he re-entered public life in 2002 during the second referendum on the Nice Treaty , when he urged a yes vote .
Policy in this field is determined primarily between him and the Taoiseach ; and it is likely that the Fianna FÃ il new line owes much to Dr. Hillery ...
The referendum was carried .
First elected at the 1951 general election as a Fianna FÃ il Teachta DÃ la -LRB- TD -RRB- for Clare , he remained in DÃ il Ã ireann until 1973 .
After a big fire 1748 it was built up by Johann Conrad Schlaun .
A church was founded in 860 by Liudger , as well as the first convent in Westphalia .
20 km west of MÃ 1\/4 nster .
With two captions , one beneath each image :
This template creates a box with two images side by side .
It needs parameters like this :
In 1939 the orchestra 's sponsors withdrew their financial support and the orchestra became self-governing , with members of the orchestra themselves taking decisions on the organization 's affairs .
In the 1930s the LPO was the orchestra for the international opera seasons at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , of which Beecham was artistic director .
In addition , the LPO is the main resident orchestra of the Glyndebourne Festival Opera .
The London Philharmonic Orchestra -LRB- LPO -RRB- , based in London , is one of the major orchestras of the United Kingdom , and is based in the Royal Festival Hall .
At one of the orchestra 's early concerts , in November 1932 , the sixteen-year old Yehudi Menuhin played a program of violin concertos ; those by Bach and Mozart were conducted by Beecham , and Elgar 's Concerto in B minor was conducted by the composer .
Its founding associate conductor was Malcolm Sargent .
In 1967 the LPO appointed Bernard Haitink as its principal conductor .
The orchestra was formed in 1932 by Sir Thomas Beecham , and played its first concert on 7 October 1932 at the Queen 's Hall , London .
Okeechobee covers 730 square miles -LRB- 1,890 kmÂ -RRB- , approximately half the size of the state of Rhode Island , and is exceptionally shallow for a lake of its size , with an average depth of only 9 feet -LRB- 3 m -RRB- .
The lake is divided between Glades , Okeechobee , Martin , Palm Beach , and Hendry counties .
Lake Okeechobee locally referred to as The Lake or The Big O , is the largest freshwater lake in the state of Florida .
In earthquake engineering , vibration control is a set of technical means aimed to mitigate seismic impacts in building and non-building structures .
Moorhead is a city in Monona County , Iowa , United States .
The area has a long history going back to the time of Alexander the Great 's invasion -LRB- see Punjab -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- -RRB- .
The area is well known for Khewra Salt Mines , Asia 's largest salt mine , in use for over 2000 years , and which features an underground mosque .
The small town of Jalalpur Sharif is located in Pind Dadan Khan and is said to be where Alexander the Great 's famous horse , Bucephalus is buried .
This pind -LRB- from Punjabi word for village -RRB- , is named after Nawab Dadan Khan , the Muslim Governor of Lahore in the 18th century .
Montag 's debut album , Superficial , was digitally released on January 11 , 2010 .
In 2006 , she began dating Spencer Pratt .
On August 23 , 2009 , Montag performed `` Body Language '' during the Miss Universe 2009 pageant in the Bahamas .
The album sold just over 1,000 copies in the first week .
After graduating from high school , she moved to California where she enrolled at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco .
In May 2007 , Montag and Pratt announced their engagement .
Heidi was born in Crested Butte , Colorado on September 15 , 1986 .
In November 2010 , Montag and Pratt announced that the reason behind the couple 's divorce was to help Montag 's career . Later that November , Montag and Pratt renewed their wedding vows .
In February 2007 , Montag began working on an album with producer David Foster .
Holly Montag is Heidi 's older sister by about three years .
Verapamil , a calcium-channel blocker , is useful in the treatment of hypomania and in those cases where lithium and mood stabilizers are contraindicated or ineffective .
It can also often be complicated by the sufferer 's lack of judgment and insight regarding periods of exacerbation of characteristic states .
Lithium is the classic mood stabilizer to prevent further manic and depressive episodes .
When the manic behaviors have gone , long-term treatment then focuses on prophylactic treatment to try to stabilize the patient 's mood , typically through a combination of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy .
Although `` severely elevated mood '' sounds somewhat desirable and enjoyable , the experience of mania is ultimately often quite unpleasant and sometimes disturbing , if not frightening , for the person involved and for those close to them , and it may lead to impulsive behavior that may later be regretted .
This experience creates an absentmindedness where the manic individual 's thoughts totally preoccupy him or her , making him or her unable to keep track of time , or be aware of anything besides the flow of thoughts .
The word derives from the Greek '' Î 1\/4 Î Î 1\/2 Î Î '' -LRB- mania -RRB- , `` madness , frenzy '' and that from the verb '' Î 1\/4 Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Î 1\/4 Î Î '' -LRB- mainomai -RRB- , `` to be mad , to rage , to be furious '' .
Anticonvulsants such as valproic acid and carbamazepine are also used for prophylaxis .
Acute mania in bipolar disorder is typically treated with mood stabilizers and\/or antipsychotic medication .
More recent drug solutions include lamotrigine .
One of the most signature symptoms of mania -LRB- and to a lesser extent , hypomania -RRB- is what many have described as racing thoughts . These are usually instances in which the manic person is excessively distracted by objectively unimportant stimuli .
Nova Bus is a bus manufacturer in North America , owned by Volvo Buses , and headquartered in Saint-Eustache , Quebec , Canada .
In 1954 he led the Leonhardt Baroque Ensemble with the great English counter-tenor Alfred Deller in a pioneering recording of two Bach cantatas .
According to Seafood Watch , consumers should avoid Atlantic halibut . Most halibut eaten on the East coast of the United States are from the Pacific .
Other flatfish are also called halibut .
As he begins singing , he walks through the crowd and interacts and dances with others .
As the song ends , the camera pans back up to the street level where life is continuing on , completely oblivious of what is going on below the streets .
The song was released commercially on November 3 , 2009 .
Towards the end of the song , Lambert begins to play with his band and the video shows everyone in the club dancing .
The music video premiered on Lambert 's official website on November 24 , 2009 .
It was directed by Ray Kay .
As the camera pans down below the ground , Lambert is shown walking into an underground club , filled with scantily clad men and women .
The video was filmed in a one-day shoot , on November 15 at The Alexandria , an old hotel which is now an apartment building in downtown Los Angeles .
The following day , Lambert announced that the single would debut on Ryan Seacrest 's radio show on October 30 , 2009 .
On October 28 , 2009 , Lambert announced via Twitter that his lead single from his debut album would be `` For Your Entertainment '' , a song that was produced by Dr. Luke .
The single was written by Claude Kelly and Dr. Luke .
Mixed with dancing are close up shots of Lambert and various dancers .
The song became available as a legal download in the United States on November 3 , 2009 and on November 15 , 2009 in the United Kingdom .
`` For Your Entertainment '' is the debut mainstream single by American recording artist and American Idol season eight runner-up Adam Lambert .
The video opens with a nighttime street level shot in a city .
It 's set to be his first U.K single and his third Australian single .
M&T Bank Stadium is a multi-purpose football stadium located in Baltimore , Maryland . It is the home of the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Prior to the 1998 season , the Baltimore Ravens played at Memorial Stadium for two years .
Specifically , it is any loose rock that is larger than 2 mm -LRB- 0.079 in -RRB- in its smallest dimension -LRB- about 1\/12 of an inch -RRB- and no more than 64 m. The next smaller size class in geology is sand , which is -RRB- 0.0625 t in size .
It was designed by Skidmore , Owings & Merrill LLP , and at 725 ft -LRB- 221 m -RRB- tall , with 63 floors , it is Chicago 's tallest mid-block building .
The Olympia Centre is a skyscraper in Chicago .
This song is an unusual Beatles ' composition for a variety of reasons , namely its length -LRB- nearly eight minutes -RRB- , few lyrics -LRB- only 14 different words are sung -RRB- , 3-minute descent through repeated guitar chords -LRB- a similar arpeggiated figure appears in `` Because '' , as well as McCartney 's `` Oh !
It is one of the last songs that The Beatles mixed as a group , on 20 August 1969 .
`` I Want You -LRB- She 's So Heavy -RRB- '' is a song by The Beatles , from their album Abbey Road .
It was written by John Lennon , although credited to Lennon\/McCartney .
In humans , a parent is the mother or the father figure of a child -LRB- NOTE : `` child '' refers to offspring , not necessarily age -RRB- .
However , some parents may not be biologically related to their children .
Delio CÃ sar Toledo Rodas -LRB- born October 2 , 1976 -RRB- is a Paraguayan footballer , who plays as a left defender .
Sickling decreases the cells ' flexibility and results in a risk of various complications .
One-third of all indigenous inhabitants of Sub-Saharan Africa carry the gene , because in areas where malaria is common , there is a fitness benefit in carrying only a single sickle-cell gene -LRB- sickle cell trait -RRB- .
Sickle-cell disease , usually presenting in childhood , occurs more commonly in people -LRB- or their descendants -RRB- from parts of tropical and sub-tropical regions where malaria is or was common .
Sickle-cell disease -LRB- SCD -RRB- , or sickle-cell anemia -LRB- or anemia ; SCA -RRB- or drepanocytosis , is an autosomal recessive genetic blood disorder , with overdominance , characterized by red blood cells that assume an abnormal , rigid , sickle shape .
He currently is a studio analyst for The NFL Today .
William Laird `` Bill '' Cowher -LRB- born May 8 , 1957 -RRB- is a former American football coach and player .
In printed tables , each element is usually listed with its element symbol and atomic number ; many versions of the table also list the element 's atomic mass and other information , such as its abbreviated electron configuration , electronegativity and most common valence numbers .
The periodic table of the chemical elements -LRB- also periodic table of the elements or just the periodic table -RRB- is a tabular display of the chemical elements .
Elements are listed in order of increasing atomic number -LRB- i.e. , the number of protons in the atomic nucleus -RRB- .
The chloride ion is formed when the element chlorine picks up one electron to form an anion -LRB- negatively-charged ion -RRB- Cl .
Bill Oakley -LRB- born February 27 , 1966 -RRB- is an American television writer and producer .
After they left The Simpsons , Oakley and Weinstein created Mission Hill .
Bergueneuse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Neotropical pygmy squirrel -LRB- Sciurillus pusillus -RRB- is a very small tree squirrel , being the only living species in the genus Sciurillus and the subfamily Sciurillinae .
Ot en Sien is an old children 's book , written by a teacher in Drenthe , the Netherlands .
Yvrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Articles about related stuff to an American punk rock band Bad Religion .
There are different types of such matches :
Typical battle royals begin with 40 participants in the ring , who are then eliminated by being thrown over the top rope and having both feet touch the venue floor .
Team variations of battle royals consist of two or more teams of wrestlers , with the number of wrestlers on each team usually being equal .
In professional wrestling , a battle royal -LRB- sometimes battle royale ; plural battles royal or battle royals -RRB- is a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until one is left and declared winner .
Pneumatics uses an easily compressible gas such as air or a suitable pure gas , while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil .
Pneumatics is a branch of technology , which deals with the study and application of use of pressurized gas to affect mechanical motion .
Both pneumatics and hydraulics are applications of fluid power .
In the 1910s , Repulse Bay was developed into a beach , and the Repulse Bay Hotel was built in 1920 .
To attract swimmers , a bus route from Central to Repulse Bay was created , and now stands as one of Hong Kong 's oldest bus routes . During the Battle of Hong Kong in World War II , Repulse Bay was an important strategic location .
Repulse Bay is an area in the southern part of Hong Kong Island , located in the Southern District , Hong Kong .
A monster truck is a pickup truck , typically styled after pickup trucks ' bodies , modified or purposely built with extremely large wheels and suspension .
Written by Crystal Johnson , Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen from the Norwegian production team Stargate and Sandy Vee , with the latter two also handling production , the song was released from September 10 , 2010 , as the lead single from Loud .
`` Only Girl -LRB- In the World -RRB- '' is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , taken from her fifth studio album , Loud -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .
The songs for the new dub retained the same translation as the previous dub , but were sung by Sonya Isaacs .
The Disney version was initially released on DVD on March 7 , 2006 , but is now out of print .
The film won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize and the Mainichi Film Award for Best Film in 1988 .
This was the only United States home video release of the film from Tokuma -LRB- 20th Century Fox would release all upcoming English-language releases of the film until Fox and Troma 's rights to the film expired in 2004 -RRB- .
Troma 's and Fox 's rights to this version expired in 2004 .
It features a new dub cast .
It was released on VHS and DVD by Fox Video .
The closing credits show Mei and Satsuki 's mother returning home and feature scenes of Satsuki and Mei playing with other children , with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers .
The film was re-released by Disney on March 7 , 2006 .
As is the case with Disney 's other English dubs of Miyazaki films , the Disney version of Totoro features a star-heavy cast , including Dakota and Elle Fanning as Satsuki and Mei , Timothy Daly as Mr. Kusakabe , Pat Carroll as Granny , Lea Salonga as Mrs. Kusakabe , and Frank Welker as Totoro and Catbus .
Disney 's English-language version premiered on October 23 , 2005 ; it then appeared at the 2005 Hollywood Film Festival .
Troma Films , under their 50th St. Films banner , distributed the dub of the film co-produced by Jerry Beck .
It was produced by John Daly and Derek Gibson , with co-producer Jerry Beck , and was available on VHS and laserdisc .
The Turner Classic Movies cable television network held the television premiere of Disney 's new English dub on January 19 , 2006 , as part of the network 's salute to Hayao Miyazaki .
My Neighbor Totoro , is a 1988 Japanese anime film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli .
This DVD release is the first version of the film in the United States to include both Japanese and English language tracks , as Fox did not have the rights to the Japanese audio track for their version .
-LRB- TCM aired the dub as well as the original Japanese with English subtitles . -RRB-
Bouilly is a village and commune in the Aube dÃ partement of northern-central France .
Myosotis -LRB- ; from the Greek : `` mouse 's ear '' , after the leaf -RRB- is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae that are commonly called Forget-me-nots .
Similar names and variations are found in many languages .
Newell Convers Wyeth -LRB- October 22 , 1882 â `` October 19 , 1945 -RRB- , known as N.C. Wyeth , was an American artist and illustrator .
Bernhard `` Bernd '' Georg Josef FÃ rster -LRB- born 3 May 1956 -RRB- is a former German footballer , who played as a defender .
Esperanto was conceived as a language of international communication , more precisely as a universal second language .
Esperanto has native speakers , that is , people who learned Esperanto from their parents as one of their native languages .
Those who focus on the intrinsic value of the language are commonly called raÅ mistoj , from Rauma , Finland , where a declaration on the near-term unlikelihood of the `` fina venko '' and the value of Esperanto culture was made at the International Youth Congress in 1980 .
Every year , 1,500 â `` 3,000 Esperanto speakers meet for the World Congress of Esperanto -LRB- Universala Kongreso de Esperanto -RRB- .
This goal was widely shared among Esperanto speakers in the early decades of the movement .
Those Esperanto speakers who want to see Esperanto adopted officially or on a large scale worldwide are commonly called finvenkistoj , from fina venko , meaning `` final victory '' , or pracelistoj , from pracelo , meaning `` original goal '' .
It was to serve as an international auxiliary language , that is , as a universal second language , not to replace ethnic languages .
Zamenhof 's name for the language was simply La Internacia Lingvo `` the International Language '' .
This system replaces each diacritic with an x after the letter , producing the six digraphs cx , gx , hx , jx , sx , and ux .
Zamenhof , the inventor of Esperanto , created an `` h-convention '' , which replaces Ä , Ä , Ä , Ä , Å , and Å with ch , gh , hh , jh , sh , and u , respectively .
The Prague Manifesto -LRB- 1996 -RRB- presents the views of the mainstream of the Esperanto movement and of its main organization , the World Esperanto Association -LRB- UEA -RRB- .
Later , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if Esperanto is never adopted by the United Nations or other international organizations .
Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band , but they speedily shifted their style to heavy metal .
Recordings took place in Kristianopel , Sweden at Pama Studios\/Blakk Records with producer-engineer Mankan Sedenberg during the spring of 2004 .
Crucified Barbara is a Swedish all-female metal band , formed in Stockholm in 1998 .
It was released on 8 December 2005 and went straight to # 8 on the Swedish music charts .
The video to accompany it was recorded and produced by M Industries .
Their music may best be described as a cross between heavy metal , and rock 'n' roll .
They signed in 2003 with GMR Music Group of Stockholm .
Their advance debut single from their first album In Distortion We Trust , was `` Losing the Game '' .
In November 2006 , they supported MotÃ rhead along with Clutch .
The Freeview service is available via satellite throughout New Zealand .
The name `` Iran '' is a cognate of `` Aryan '' , and roughly means `` land of the Aryans '' .
The name `` Iran '' has been in use natively since the Sassanian era and came into use internationally in 1935 , before which the country was known to the western world as Persia . Both `` Persia '' and `` Iran '' are used interchangeably in cultural contexts ; however , `` Iran '' is the name used officially in political contexts .
A Java Virtual Machine -LRB- JVM -RRB- enables a set of computer software programs and data structures to use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts .
The model used by a JVM accepts a form of computer intermediate language commonly referred to as Java bytecode .
JVM is a crucial component of the Java platform , and because JVMs are available for many hardware and software platforms , Java can be both middleware and a platform in its own right , hence the trademark write once , run anywhere .
The use of the same bytecode for all platforms allows Java to be described as `` compile once , run anywhere '' , as opposed to `` write once , compile anywhere '' , which describes cross-platform compiled languages .
From the point of view of a compiler , the Java Virtual Machine is just another processor with an instruction set , Java bytecode , for which code can be generated . The JVM was originally designed to execute programs written in the Java language .
Swat -LRB- Urdu : Ø Û Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø -RRB- was a princely state and is now part of Pakistan .
Swat was part of the Mughal Empire ruled by local rulers known as Akhwand .
It lay to the north of the modern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan until it was dissolved in 1969 .
From 1926 until 1947 , Swat was a princely state in British Raj , and in 1947 it acceded to Pakistan .
It incorporated the current states of Swat , Buner and Shangla .
Kirsten Caroline Dunst -LRB- born April 30 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress , model , and singer .
A graveyard with the statue of the Commendatore .
She leaves with Zerlina .
The Commendatore , Anna 's father , appears and challenges Giovanni to a duel while Donna Anna flees for help .
Before Giovanni can complete his seduction of the maid , Masetto and his friends arrive , searching for Giovanni and intending to kill him .
Seeing an opportunity for a game , Giovanni hides and sends Leporello out in the open dressed as Giovanni . From his hiding place Giovanni sings a promise of repentance , expressing a desire to return to her , while Leporello poses as Giovanni and tries to keep from laughing .
Wanting to seduce Elvira 's maid , Giovanni persuades Leporello to exchange cloak and hat with him .
When she leaves , a marriage procession with Masetto and Zerlina enters .
Donna Anna 's room . Ottavio pressures Anna to marry him , but she thinks it inappropriate so soon after her father 's death .
Giovanni -LRB- dressed as Leporello -RRB- convinces the posse that he also hates Giovanni , and joins the hunt .
Elvira comes to her window .
Donna Anna appears , chasing Don Giovanni , who is masked .
After cunningly dispersing Masetto 's friends -LRB- Giovanni aria : `` MetÃ di voi qua vadano â `` Half of you go this way '' -RRB- , Giovanni takes Masetto 's weapons away , beats him up very badly , and runs off , laughing .
Masetto 's trust evaporating in an instant , he hides , resolving to see for himself what Zerlina will do when Giovanni arrives . Zerlina tries to hide from Don Giovanni , but he finds her and attempts to continue the seduction , until he stumbles upon Masetto 's hiding place .
Since Giovanni is dead and the conflict is over , Anna and Ottavio choose to wait until Anna 's year of grieving is over before marrying ; Elvira will spend the rest of her life in a convent ; Zerlina and Masetto will finally go home for dinner ; and Leporello will find a new master -LRB- a better one , hopefully -RRB- at a tavern .
Leporello invites three masked guests to the party -LRB- the disguised Elvira , Ottavio , and Anna -RRB- who plan to catch Giovanni red-handed , if possible .
Leporello threatens to leave Giovanni , but his master calms him with a peace offering of money .
But the servant is not amused , suggesting it could have been his wife , and Don Giovanni laughs aloud at his servant 's protests .
Leporello abandons Elvira .
Just as Leporello is about to slip through the door , which he has difficulty finding , Zerlina and Masetto open it and , seeing him dressed as Giovanni , catch him before he can escape .
As he tries to escape , Ottavio arrives with Anna , consoling her in her grief .
Don Giovanni and Leporello arrive soon after .
Zerlina follows the jealous Masetto and tries to pacify him .
Giovanni is immediately attracted to Zerlina , and he attempts to remove the jealous Masetto by offering to host a wedding celebration at his castle . On realizing that Giovanni means to remain behind with Zerlina , Masetto becomes angry -LRB- Masetto aria : `` Ho capito !
Leporello , Don Giovanni 's servant , is keeping watch outside Donna Anna 's house .
Leporello tells Don Giovanni of his brush with danger , and Giovanni taunts him , saying that he took advantage of his disguise as Leporello , by trying to seduce one of Leporello 's girlfriends .
Ottavio and Anna enter , plotting vengeance on the still unknown murderer of Anna 's father .
; bgcolor : Colour used for the headings ' backgrounds .
; color : Colour used for the headings .
For more information , see WikiProject Music genres .
; subgenerelist : Article containing the complete list of subgenre
See WikiProject Music genres\/Colours .
Nuneaton has two non-league football teams of note : Nuneaton Town who play in the Conference North and Nuneaton Griff who play in the Midland Combination Premier Division . There is also a thriving Sunday League football scene in the town , with teams from Nuneaton , Bedworth and North Warwickshire competing in the Nuneaton & District Sunday Football League -LRB- NDSFL -RRB- .
Nuneaton has two non-league football teams of note : Nuneaton Town who play in the Conference North and Nuneaton Griff who play in the Midland Combination Premier Division .
Nuneaton is most famous for its associations with the 19th century author George Eliot , who was born on a farm on the Arbury Estate just outside Nuneaton in 1819 and lived in the town for much of her early life .
Nuneaton is the largest town in the Borough of Nuneaton and Bedworth and in the English county of Warwickshire .
The subsolar point on a planet is where its sun is perceived to be directly overhead -LRB- in zenith -RRB- .
For planets with an orientation and rotation similar to the Earth 's , the subsolar point will move westward , circling the globe once a day , but it will also move north and south between the tropics over the course of a year .
The hero of the story is Greatheart , the servant of the Interpreter , who is a pilgrim 's guide to the Celestial City .
After Christian is relieved of his burden , he is greeted by three shining ones , who give him the greeting of peace , new garments , and a scroll as a passport into the Celestial City â '' these are allegorical figures indicative of Christian Baptism .
Bunyan presents a decrepit and harmless giant to confront Christian at the end of the Valley of the Shadow of Death that is explicitly named `` Pope '' : Now I saw in my Dream , that at the end of this Valley lay blood , bones , ashes , and mangled bodies of men , even of Pilgrims that had gone this way formerly : And while I was musing what should be the reason , I espied a little before me a Cave , where two Giants , Pope and Pagan , dwelt in old times , by whose Power and Tyranny the Men whose bones , blood ashes , & c. lay there , were cruelly put to death .
As he leaves this valley the sun rises on a new day .
Because of its explicit English Protestant theology The Pilgrim 's Progress shares the then popular English antipathy toward the Roman Catholic Church .
To Christian 's query about relief from his burden , Good Will directs him forward to `` the place of deliverance . ''
The English text comprises 108,260 words and is divided into two parts , each reading as a continuous narrative with no chapter divisions .
You must needs go along with us ; we will wait for you , we will lend you our help , we will deny ourselves of some things , both opinionative and practical , for your sake ; we will not enter into doubtful disputations before you , we will be made all things to you , rather than you shall be left behind .
In the morning they are captured by Giant Despair , who takes them to his Doubting Castle , where they are imprisoned , beaten and starved .
On the way , Christian and Hopeful meet a lad named Ignorance , who believes that he will be allowed into the Celestial City through his own good deeds rather than as a gift of God 's grace . Christian and Hopeful meet up with him twice and try to persuade him to journey to the Celestial City in the right way .
Faithful is put on trial , and executed as a martyr .
Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death he meets Faithful , also a former resident of the City of Destruction , who accompanies him to Vanity Fair , where both are arrested and detained because of their disdain for the wares and business of the fair .
Using the key , they escape .
The giant wants them to commit suicide , but they endure the ordeal until Christian realizes that a key he has , called Promise , will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle .
Samuel Johnson said that `` this is the great merit of the book , that the most cultivated man can not find anything to praise more highly , and the child knows nothing more amusing . ''
But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .
The explicit Protestant theology of The Pilgrim 's Progress made it much more popular than its predecessors .
Three years after its publication -LRB- 1681 -RRB- , it was reprinted in colonial America , and was widely read in the Puritan colonies .
Hopeful , a resident of Vanity , takes Faithful 's place to be Christian 's companion for the rest of the way .
On his way to the Wicket Gate , Christian is diverted by Mr. Worldly Wiseman into seeking deliverance from his burden through the Law , supposedly with the help of a Mr. Legality and his son Civility in the village of Morality , rather than through Christ , allegorically by way of the Wicket Gate .
In the Second Part , Good-will is shown to be Jesus himself .
Christian has a rough time of it , but Hopeful helps him over ; and they are welcomed into the Celestial City .
He kills four giants and participates in the slaying of a monster that terrorizes the city of Vanity .
It clarifies and reinforces and justifies the story of Part I. The beam of Bunyan 's spotlight is broadened to include Christian 's family and other men , women , and children ; the incidents and accidents of everyday life are more numerous , the joys of the pilgrimage tend to outweigh the hardships ; and to the faith and hope of Part I is added in abundant measure that greatest of virtues , charity .
The Second Part appeared in 1684 .
The Second Part of The Pilgrim 's Progress presents the pilgrimage of Christian 's wife , Christiana ; their sons ; and the maiden , Mercy .
Alexander M. Witherspoon , professor of English at Yale University , writes in a prefatory essay : Part II , which appeared in 1684 , is much more than a mere sequel to or repetition of the earlier volume .
At the Wicket Gate begins the `` straight and narrow '' King 's Highway , and Christian is directed onto it by the gatekeeper Good Will .
When Christian and Faithful travel through Vanity Fair , Bunyan adds the editorial comment : But as in other fairs , some one Commodity is as the chief of all the fair , so the Ware of Rome and her Merchandize is greatly promoted in this fair : Only our English Nation , with some others , have taken a dislike thereat .
When Christiana 's party leaves Gaius 's Inn and Mr. Feeble-mind lingers in order to be left behind , he is encouraged to accompany the party by Greatheart : But brother ... I have it in commission , to comfort the feeble-minded , and to support the weak .
They visit the same stopping places that Christian visited , with the addition of Gaius ' Inn between the Valley of the Shadow of Death and Vanity Fair ; but they take a longer time in order to accommodate marriage and childbirth for the four sons and their wives .
Other connections are suggested in books not directly associated with either John Bunyan or The Pilgrim 's Progress .
It was published over the years of the Popish Plot -LRB- 1678 â `` 1681 -RRB- and ten years before the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , and it shows the influence of John Foxe 's Acts and Monuments .
The two parts of The Pilgrim 's Progress in reality constitute a whole , and the whole is , without doubt , the most influential religious book ever written in the English language .
When he is in the middle of the valley amidst the gloom and terror he hears the words of the Twenty-third Psalm , spoken possibly by his friend Faithful : Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me .
Ignorance persists in his own way that leads to his being cast into hell . After getting over the River of Death on the ferry boat of Vain Hope without overcoming the hazards of wading across it , Ignorance appears before the gates of Celestial City without a passport , which he would have acquired had he gone into the King 's Highway through the Wicket Gate .
Gernicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The album reached # 21 on the Billboard 200 chart , and is on the list of the top 100 best-selling albums of the 1980s .
The tracks `` Crazy Train '' , and `` Mr. Crowley '' were released as singles .
Blizzard of Ozz is the debut studio album by British singer\/songwriter Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on March 27 , 1981 in the U.S. .
A regatta is a series of boat races .
Although regattas are typically amateur competitions , they are usually formally structured events , with comprehensive rules describing the schedule and procedures of the event .
Prior to signing with WWE , Rosser wrestled under several ring names , including Frederick of Hollywood , Fred Rosser , and `` Bonecrusher '' Fred Sampson .
He previously appeared on the first season of WWE NXT in early 2010 before a stint on the Raw brand .
Frederick `` Fred '' Rosser -LRB- born November 2 , 1979 -RRB- is an African American professional wrestler .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he is appearing on the fifth season of WWE NXT under the ring name Darren Young .
He has competed in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions including Chaotic Wrestling , East Coast Wrestling Association , Independent Wrestling Federation and the National Wrestling Alliance .
From 1954 to 1957 , Annan attended the elite Mfantsipim school , a Methodist boarding school in Cape Coast founded in the 1870s .
Annan has said that the school taught him `` that suffering anywhere concerns people everywhere '' .
After some years of work experience , he studied at the MIT Sloan School of Management -LRB- 1971 -- 72 -RRB- in the Sloan Fellows program and earned a Master of Science -LRB- M.S. -RRB- degree .
Kofi Atta Annan -LRB- ; born 8 April 1938 -RRB- is a Ghanaian diplomat who served as the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1 January 1997 to 31 December 2006 .
There are stock market simulations , portfolio simulations , risk management simulations or models and forex simulations .
Black Holes and Revelations is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band Muse , released on 3 July 2006 .
The official name was Airlie from 1936 until 1987 , when it became Airlie Beach .
Airlie Beach is a town in the Whitsunday Region of Queensland , Australia .
At the 2006 census , the suburb of Airlie Beach itself had a population of 2,751 .
The fourth generation Mondeo was launched in May 2007 , and is an even more upmarket effort than its predecessor , but most significantly it is even better value for money , with Ford being careful to ensure that each version of the new Mondeo is cheaper to buy than the equivalent version of the previous Mondeo .
The Ford Mondeo is a large family car sold by the Ford Motor Company in various markets throughout the world .
Harrisonburg is an independent city in the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia in the United States .
Its population as of 2010 is 48,914 , and at the 2000 census , 40,468 .
The Kansasâ `` Nebraska Act of 1854 created the territories of Kansas and Nebraska , opened new lands , repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820 , and allowed settlers in those territories to determine if they would allow slavery within their boundaries . The initial purpose of the Kansasâ `` Nebraska Act was to create opportunities for a Mideastern Transcontinental Railroad .
Blyth was born in Muirkirk Scotland â `` his father was the Portsmouth player Bob Blyth , who went on to manage Portsmouth from 1901 to 1904 and his cousins included Bill Shankly and Bob Shankly .
Robert Roberts Taylor Blyth -LRB- 2 June 1900 â `` 1956 -RRB- was a Scottish professional footballer in the 1920s .
David Legwand -LRB- born August 17 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Benjamin David `` Ben '' Thatcher -LRB- born November 30 , 1975 in Swindon , Wiltshire -RRB- is a professional association football player , who is currently a free agent .
Grindel is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Popejoy is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
He was one of the pioneers of the now popular butterfly style .
Anthony James `` Tony O '' Esposito -LRB- born April 23 , 1943 -RRB- is a retired Canadian-American professional ice hockey goaltender , who played in the National Hockey League , most notably for the Chicago Black Hawks .
It replaced several individual buildings dating from the Middle Ages and now occupies an entire city block .
The name of the landmark building dates from the facade design with red clinker bricks .
The Red City Hall is the town hall of Berlin , located in the Mitte district on RathausstraÃ e near Alexanderplatz .
The Neues Stadthaus , which survived the bombing and had formerly been the head office of Berlin 's municipal fire insurance FeuersozietÃ t in ParochialstraÃ e served as the temporary city hall for the post-war city government for all the sectors of Berlin until September 1948 .
The reconstructed Rotes Rathaus , then located in the Soviet sector , served as the town hall of East Berlin , while the Rathaus SchÃ neberg was seat of the West Berlin Senate .
It is the home to the governing mayor and the government -LRB- the Senate of Berlin -RRB- of the Federal state of Berlin .
The Rathaus was built between 1861 and 1869 in the style of the north Italian High Renaissance by Hermann Friedrich Waesemann .
After German reunification , the administration of reunified Berlin officially moved into the Rotes Rathaus on 1 October 1991 .
It was modelled on the Old Town Hall of ToruÅ , today Poland , while the architecture of the tower is reminiscent of the cathedral tower of Notre-Dame de Laon in France .
Following that time , it housed only those of the Soviet sector .
The building was heavily damaged by Allied bombing in World War II and rebuilt to the original plans between 1951 and 1956 .
Dillwyn is an incorporated town in Buckingham County , Virginia , in the United States .
Although Yorkshire Television claims to serve the whole of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire , it has long been contended by many of the people of Sheffield that Yorkshire Television shows an unacceptable bias towards West Yorkshire in general and Leeds in particular .
George Lionel Throssell , CMG -LRB- 23 May 1840 -- 30 August 1910 -RRB- was the second Premier of Western Australia . He served for just three months , from 15 February 1901 until 27 May 1901 during a period of great instability in Western Australian politics .
West Bengal -LRB- Bengali : à à à à à à à à à à -- Poshchim BÃ nggo , -RRB- is a state in the eastern region of India and is the nation 's fourth most populous .
West Bengal , together with Bangladesh lying on its east , forms the historical and geographical region of Bengal .
When India gained independence in 1947 , Bengal was partitioned along religious lines . The western part went to India -LRB- and was named West Bengal -RRB- while the eastern part joined Pakistan as a province called East Bengal -LRB- later renamed East Pakistan , giving rise to independent Bangladesh in 1971 -RRB- .
Christoph Tobias Metzelder -LRB- born 5 November 1980 in Haltern , North Rhine-Westphalia -RRB- is a German footballer who plays for FC Schalke 04 , as a central defender .
Calumet City is in Illinois ' 2nd congressional district . Calumet City is featured or mentioned in a number of major movies .
Previously , Canada hosted the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Quebec and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary , Alberta .
Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were being organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee -LRB- VANOC -RRB- .
The 2010 Winter Olympics , officially the XXI Olympic Winter Games or the 21st Winter Olympics , were a major international multi-sport event held from February 12 â `` 28 , 2010 in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , with some events held in the suburbs of Richmond , West Vancouver and the University Endowment Lands , and in the resort town of Whistler .
The 2010 Winter Olympics were the third Olympics hosted by Canada and the first by the province of British Columbia .
Saint-Georges-le-Fl Ã chard is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok 's Gili Islands and the only one to rise significantly above sea level .
Previously Gili Trawangan was covered in forest and deer lived on the island .
Some of the first inhabitants of Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers . Previously Gili Trawangan was covered in forest and deer lived on the island .
Some of the first inhabitants of Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .
For traveling to and from each of the Gilis , locals usually use motorized boats and speedboats .
The economy of Gili Trawangan centres on tourism , as the island is too small to support any broad scale agriculture , and too remote to allow economically viable industry or commerce .
Of the Gilis , Trawangan has the most tourist facilities ; the pub TÃ r na NÃ g claims that Trawangan is the smallest island in the world with an Irish pub .
The main means of transportation are bicycles -LRB- rented by locals to tourists -RRB- and cidomo -LRB- a small horsedrawn carriage -RRB- .
The most crowded part of Trawangan lies on the eastern side .
On Gili Trawangan -LRB- as well as the other two Gilis -RRB- , there are no motorized vehicles .
It is made by reacting hot concentrated nitric acid with mercury metal ; dilute nitric acid would produce mercury -LRB- I -RRB- nitrate .
When Neoptolemus died , Andromache married Helenus and became Queen of Epirus .
By Neoptolemus , she was the mother of Molossus , and according to Pausanias , of Pielus and Pergamus .
The word Cooperstown is often used as shorthand -LRB- or a metonym -RRB- for the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum .
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It developed out of a previously non-tropical low on May 9 about 150 miles -LRB- 240 km -RRB- northeast of Daytona Beach , Florida , three weeks before the official start of the season .
Additionally , the storm was the first Atlantic named storm in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
After encountering dry air and increased vertical wind shear , Andrea weakened to a subtropical depression on May 10 while remaining nearly stationary , and early on May 11 the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories .
Andrea was the first pre-season storm to develop since Tropical Storm Ana in April 2003 .
Subtropical Storm Andrea was the first named storm and first subtropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
Turch Mir -LRB- alternatively Terich Mir and Terichmir -RRB- is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region and the highest mountain outside of the Himalaya-Karakoram range , located in Khyber-Pakhtoonkhwa , Pakistan .
Intragna was a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The units are now used by First ScotRail and operate on the North Berwick Branch Line , between \/ and North Berwick .
Five 4-car units were built for the dedicated Stansted Express service from London Liverpool Street to Stansted Airport .
The British Rail Class 322 electric multiple units were built by BREL in 1990 .
Alismatales is an order of flowering plants .
They are one of the two groups of gods , the other being the Vanir .
A second clan of gods , the Vanir , is also mentioned in Norse mythology : the god Njord and his children , Freyr and Freyja , are the most prominent Vanir gods who join the Ã sir as hostages after a war between Ã sir and Vanir . The Vanir appear to have mainly been connected with cultivation and fertility and the Ã sir were connected with power and war .
A second clan of gods , the Vanir , is also mentioned in Norse mythology : the god Njord and his children , Freyr and Freyja , are the most prominent Vanir gods who join the Ã sir as hostages after a war between Ã sir and Vanir .
They include many of the major figures , such as Odin , Frigg , Thor , Baldr and Tyr .
The Vanir appear to have mainly been connected with cultivation and fertility and the Ã sir were connected with power and war .
The two clans of gods fought battles , concluded treaties , and exchanged hostages -LRB- Freyr and Freyja are mentioned as such hostages -RRB- .
Now encumbered with an injured image as well as body , he was traded by the Yankees to the St. Louis Cardinals after the 1966 season for Charley Smith .
JosÃ Vicente SÃ nchez Felip -LRB- born 8 October 1956 -RRB- , nicknamed Tente , is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Arlington is a city in Carlisle County , Kentucky , United States .
The population was 395 at the 2000 census .
Marcelo Silva Ramos or simply Marcelo Ramos -LRB- born June 25 , 1973 in Salvador -RRB- , is a Brazilian striker .
Verneuil-sur-Serre is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Aetigkofen is a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Province of Reggio Emilia is one of the eight provinces of the Italian Region of Emilia-Romagna .
Governor is the head of the state .
In Pakistan , each of the four provinces has a Governor who is appointed by the President .
This is a list of Armenian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- clubs .
This template generates a link for finding data about a single -LRB- print or online -RRB- publication via its International Standard Serial Number -LRB- ISSN -RRB- .
Yohei Nishibe -LRB- è é æ å Nishibe Youhei , born 1 December 1980 in Kobe , HyÅ go , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for J. League Division 2 team Shonan Bellmare .
For approximately fifteen years some cultural associations have offered courses to learn the Leonese , sometimes with the support or collaboration of local Administrations in the provinces of Leon and Zamora .
In 2001 , the Universidad de LeÃ n -LRB- University of LeÃ n -RRB- created a course for teachers of Leonese , and local and provincial governments developed Leonese language courses for adults .
The UNESCO in its Atlas of Languages in Danger in the World , places the Leonese between the languages in danger .
Leonese language has a system with 5 vowels in a stressed position , represented a , e , i , o , u and three -LRB- two archiphonemes \/ I \/ , \/ U \/ and one phoneme \/ a \/ -RRB- in non-stressed position , represented with e , u , a at the end of word .
The autonomous community of Castile and Leon has never collaborated in these courses which in most occasions have taken place in precarious conditions , without continuity or by non qualified teachers and very often , far from the area where Leonese is spoken .
Kienberg is a municipality in the district of GÃ sgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Christmas Island Pipistrelle -LRB- Pipistrellus murrayi -RRB- is a species of vesper bat found only on Christmas Island , Australia .
It has sometimes been considered synonymous with Pipistrellus tenuis ; however , revisions of the genus based on baculum have identified Pipistrellus murrayi as a distinct species .
It is a small bat weighing around 3 to 4.5 grams .
Vistlip -LRB- typeset as vistlip -RRB- is a five member Japanese visual kei rock band that formed on July 7 , 2007 and is currently signed to Delfi Sound and Marvelous Entertainment .
Inferno Metal Festival is an annual extreme metal festival in Oslo , Norway .
Sidecar-cross racing , also known as sidecar motocross , is very similar to regular , `` solo '' motocross but with a different type of motorcycle chassis , and with a team of two people riding together instead of one , a `` driver '' and a `` passenger '' .
Sidecarcross is carried out in the same way as regular motocross on very much the same tracks .
The passenger does much more physical work than the driver since they move their whole body around continuously .
One of the most important aspects of sidecar racing is teamwork ; the best sidecar teams in the world have been racing together for many years .
Thus the driver can not lean over in the turns to overcome the centripetal forces , instead , to make sure the sidecar does not flip over , the passenger leans out -LRB- of the sidecar -RRB- as much as possible in the corners .
Carcinogenicity of radiation depends of the type of radiation , type of exposure , and penetration .
Marie Curie , one of the pioneers of radioactivity , died of cancer caused by radiation exposure during her experiments .
For example , alpha radiation has low penetration and is not a hazard outside the body , but emitters are carcinogenic when inhaled or ingested .
Not all types of electromagnetic radiation are in fact carcinogenic .
Low-energy waves on the electromagnetic spectrum are generally not , including radio waves , microwave radiation , infrared radiation and visible light .
Higher-energy radiation , including ultraviolet radiation -LRB- present in sunlight -RRB- , x-rays , and gamma radiation , generally is carcinogenic , if received in sufficient doses .
Les Mujouls is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
On February 9 , 2011 , Frolik was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks , along with goaltender Alexander SalÃ k for Jack Skille , Hugh Jessiman , and David Pacan .
Michael FrolÃ k -LRB- ; born February 17 , 1988 -RRB- is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Pizmonim -LRB- Hebrew -- , singular pizmon -RRB- are traditional Jewish songs and melodies with the intentions of praising God as well as learning certain aspects of traditional religious teachings .
LiÃ ge is located in the center of the golden triangle Paris - Amsterdam - Frankfurt that handles 66 % of European freight , 75 % when taken together with London .
LiÃ ge Airport , also called LiÃ ge-Bierset , is an important cargo airport in Belgium .
It is mainly used for freight operation but also serves more than 23 destinations for passengers -LRB- mainly charters -RRB- .
LiÃ ge Airport is the world hub of TNT Airways , and the European hub of CAL Cargo Air Lines , El Al Cargo , Ethiopian Cargo and Avient Aviation .
The airport is also used as a regular refuelling stop on New York City - Middle East routes by Kalitta Air -LRB- including the Newark - Baghdad route for US mail -RRB- .
It was at the end of 2009 the 8th biggest cargo airport in Europe .
The airport is located in the north-west of the city of LiÃ ge , in the east of Belgium .
Like many Egyptian writers and intellectuals , Mahfouz was on an Islamic fundamentalist `` death list '' .
`` You could say , '' he later noted , `` that the one thing which most shook the security of my childhood was the 1919 revolution . ''
The Egyptian Revolution of 1919 had a strong effect on Mahfouz , although he was at the time only seven years old .
Prior to his death , Mahfouz was the oldest living Nobel Literature laureate and the third oldest of all time , trailing only Bertrand Russell and Halldor Laxness .
He defended Salman Rushdie after Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini condemned Rushdie to death in 1989 , but also criticized his Satanic Verses as `` insulting '' to Islam .
At the time of his death , he was the only Arabic-language writer to have won the Nobel Prize .
As a consequence of his outspoken support for Sadat 's Camp David peace treaty with Israel in 1978 , his books were banned in many Arab countries until after he won the Nobel Prize .
In his childhood Mahfouz read extensively .
His mother often took him to museums and Egyptian history later became a major theme in many of his books .
Born into a lower middle-class Muslim family in the Gamaleyya quarter of Cairo , Mahfouz was named after Professor Naguib Pasha Mahfouz -LRB- 1882 â `` 1974 -RRB- , the renowned Coptic physician who delivered him .
From the window he often saw British soldiers firing at the demonstrators , men and women .
Naguib Mahfouz -LRB- , NagÄ `` b Maá fÅ `` á `` -RRB- -LRB- December 11 , 1911 â `` August 30 , 2006 -RRB- was an Egyptian writer who won the 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature .
He is regarded as one of the first contemporary writers of Arabic literature , along with Tawfiq el-Hakim , to explore themes of existentialism .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Tin Ã e is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
The NasÄ `` r al-Mulk Mosque -LRB- - Masjed-e Naseer ol Molk -RRB- is a traditional mosque in Shiraz , Iran , located in Goade-e-Araban place -LRB- near the famous Shah Cheragh mosque -RRB- . The mosque was built during the QÄ jÄ r era , and is still in use under protection by Nasir al Mulk 's Endowment Foundation .
JoÃ # o Carlos dos Santos or simply known as JoÃ # o Carlos -LRB- born September 10 , 1972 in Sete Lagoas , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Magglio JosÃ OrdÃ Ã ez Delgado -LRB- ; born January 28 , 1974 in Caracas , Venezuela -RRB- is a Venezuelan Major League Baseball right fielder for the Detroit Tigers .
He has played for the Chicago White Sox -LRB- 1997 â `` 2004 -RRB- and Detroit Tigers -LRB- 2005 â `` present -RRB- .
Peter Tim Verbeek -LRB- born March 12 , 1956 in Rotterdam , Zuid-Holland -RRB- , more commonly known as Pim Verbeek is a Dutch football manager who was the head coach of the Australia national football team .
The answering machine or message machine , also known as the sales person 's nightmare -LRB- telephone answering machine -LRB- or TAM -RRB- in the UK and some Commonwealth countries -RRB- and previously known as an ansaphone , ansafone , or telephone answering device -LRB- TAD -RRB- is a device for answering telephones and recording callers ' messages .
The University of Chicago and Cornell University both have reproductions of Christ Church 's dining hall -LRB- in the forms of Hutchinson Hall and Risley 's dining hall respectively -RRB- .
As well as being a college , Christ Church is also the cathedral church of the diocese of Oxford , namely Christ Church Cathedral , Oxford .
More recently it has been used in the filming of the movies of J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series and also the film adaptation of Philip Pullman 's novel Northern Lights -LRB- the film bearing the title of the US edition of the book , The Golden Compass -RRB- .
Christ Church has produced thirteen British prime ministers , which is equal to the number produced by all 45 other Oxford colleges put together and more than any Cambridge college -LRB- and two short of the total number for the University of Cambridge , fifteen -RRB- .
Stained glass windows in the cathedral and other buildings are by the Pre-Raphaelite William Morris group with designs by Edward Burne-Jones
The college is the setting for parts of Evelyn Waugh 's Brideshead Revisited , as well as Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
The college has admitted female students since 1978 .
Distinctive features of the college 's architecture have been used as models by a number of other academic institutions , including the National University of Ireland , Galway , which reproduces Tom Quad .
Christ Church Cathedral , New Zealand , after which the City of Christchurch is named , is itself named after Christ Church , Oxford .
For administrative purposes Mastung was separated from Kalat and made a new district in 1991 .
Prior to 1991 Mastung was part of Kalat District .
Mastung District is a district located in the north west of Balochistan province , Pakistan .
The council changed the name of the local government district covering the city to Derry on 7 May 1984 , consequently renaming itself Derry City Council .
This did not change the name of the city , although the city is coterminous with the district , and in law the city council is also the `` Corporation of Londonderry '' or , more formally , the `` Mayor , Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Londonderry '' . The form `` Londonderry '' is used for the post town by the Royal Mail , however use of Derry will still ensure delivery .
Antonio de Torres Jurado -LRB- 13 June 1817 â `` 19 November 1892 -RRB- was a Spanish guitarist and luthier .
Cormoranche-sur-Sa Ã ne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Gwadar District is divided into two sub-divisions , namely Gwadar and Pasni , which are further divided into tehsils and sub-tehsils .
Gwadar city is the district headquarters of Gwadar District .
The Gwadar sub-division comprises two tehsils , named Gwadar and Jiwani , and one sub-tehsil named Suntsar whereas Pasni sub-division is divided into Pasni and Ormara tehsils .
Previously , Gwadar had been one of three tehsils -LRB- subdistricts -RRB- of Makran District prior to its upgradation as a division .
Gwadar was made a district on July 1 , 1977 when Makran Division was created and divided into three districts .
Currently he is leader of the Pirate Party Germany .
He was already party leader from May 2007 to May 2008 , and afterwards deputy leader for one year , before he became re-elected leader of the party in July 2009 , and once more in May 2010 .
Seipenbusch , a founding member of his party , studied physics at the University of MÃ 1\/4 nster .
Jens Seipenbusch -LRB- born August 6 , 1968 -RRB- is a German politician and physicist .
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Icing in ice hockey occurs when a player shoots the puck across at least two red lines , the opposing team 's goal line being the last , and the puck remains untouched . It is , however , not icing if the puck is shot from behind the halfway line into the goal .
In this case , the goal is counted .
This is called automatic or no-touch icing . This rule has been adopted after an incident in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League in 1990 , when LudÄ k Ä ajka , rushing to get to the puck in an icing situation , crashed into the boards , suffered severe spinal injuries , and died a few weeks later .
Colonial Heights is an independent city in Virginia , United States .
Southeast Asia is geographically divided into two subregions , namely Mainland Southeast Asia -LRB- or Indochina -RRB- and Maritime Southeast Asia -LRB- or the similarly defined Malay Archipelago -RRB- -LRB- Indonesian : Nusantara -RRB- . The Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India are geographically considered part of Southeast Asia .
In total , 228 locomotives in the class were built by English Electric between 1957 and 1968 , the large number being in part because of the failure of other early designs in the same power range to provide reliable locomotives .
The locomotives were originally numbered D8000 â `` D8199 and D8300 â `` D8327 .
They are known by railway enthusiasts as `` Choppers '' , a name derived from the distinctive beat the engine produces under load which resembles the sound of a helicopter .
The British Rail -LRB- BR -RRB- Class 20 , otherwise known as an English Electric Type 1 , is a class of diesel-electric locomotive .
In 2007 , a new depot opened on Abbey Lane replacing the former premises on Abbey Park Road which go back to the company 's municipal heritage , and was originally a tram depot .
First Leicester is the trading name of Leicester Citybus Ltd. , a bus company owned by the First Group .
This site has now been demolished and is pending redevelopment .
It runs buses in the city of Leicester , England .
Mulberry Middle and Mulberry High round out the educational system in Mulberry .
A baseball glove or mitt is a large leather glove that baseball players on the defending team are allowed to wear to assist them in catching and fielding balls hit by a batter , or thrown by a teammate .
While catching in baseball had always been two handed , eventually , gloves grew to a size that made it easier to catch the ball in the webbing of the glove , and use the off-hand to keep it from falling out .
By the mid 1890s , it was the norm for players to wear gloves in the field .
A glove is typically worn on the non-dominant hand , leaving the dominant hand for throwing the ball ; for example , a right-handed player would wear a glove on the left hand .
The shape and size of the baseball glove is governed by official baseball rules ; Section 1.00 , Objectives of the Game , defines limits of catcher 's , first baseman 's and fielder 's glove in parts 1.12 , 1.13 and 1.14 .
By convention , the type of glove that fits on the left hand is called a `` right-handed '' or `` RH '' glove , although some websites and catalogs refer to them as `` Right-Hand Throw '' , which means a glove which is worn on the left hand .
This design soon became the standard for baseball gloves .
In , Bill Doak , a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals , suggested that a web be placed between the first finger and the thumb in order to create a pocket .
Anna Fitzgerald 's older sister , Kate , suffers from acute promyelocytic leukemia , a cancer of the blood and bone marrow .
My Sister 's Keeper is a 2004 novel written by New York Times Best Selling author Jodi Picoult .
It tells the story of 13-year-old Anna , who litigates her parents for medical emancipation when she is expected to donate a kidney to her sister Kate , who is dying from leukemia .
Anna was conceived in order to harvest blood from her umbilical cord to use in treatments to help save Kate 's life .
Although the treatment was initially successful , Kate relapsed ; ever since , Anna , the only compatible family member , has been used as a donor for any other bodily substance needed to treat Kate , who continues to swing between remission and relapse as she grows up .
Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State .
The politics of Tamil Nadu have gone through three distinct phases since independence .
The British East India Company built a ` factory ' -LRB- warehouse -RRB- at Armagaon -LRB- Durgarazpatnam -RRB- , a village around 35 m North of Pulicat , as the site in 1626 .
The Madras state was named Tamil Nadu -LRB- the land of the Tamils -RRB- in 1968 .
Ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka during the 1970s and the 80s saw large numbers of Sri Lankan Tamils fleeing to Tamil Nadu .
The next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the British .
The simmering discontent in the various districts of the company territories exploded in 1857 into the Sepoy war .
Humans of the Neolithic period made their stone tools in finer shapes by grinding and polishing .
With the decline of the three ancient dynasties during the 14th century , the Tamil country became part of the Vijayanagara Empire .
The Tamil area had an independent existence outside the control of these northern empires .
There was no sectarian violence against various religions .
Some time about 300 CE , the whole region was upset by the appearance of the Kalabhras .
The Madras Presidency , comprising most of southern India , was created in the 18th century and was ruled directly by the British East India Company .
They gave the dead proper burials within urns or pits .
The government also instituted a famine insurance grant , setting aside 1.5 million Rupees .
He is mentioned in a number of poems in the Sangam poetry .
After the close of the Sangam era , from about 300 to about 600 CE , there is an almost total lack of information regarding occurrences in the Tamil land .
The trauma of the partition did not impact Tamil Nadu when India was granted Independence in 1947 .
There had always been an atmosphere of mutual respect and peaceful coexistence between all religions in Tamil Nadu .
The 7th century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power before the 2nd century .
These occupiers were overthrown by the resurgence of the Pandyas and the Pallavas , who restored the traditional kingdoms .
The material used by the early humans to make these tools were jasper , agate , flint , quartz , etc. .
Although the Company was becoming increasingly bold and ambitious in putting down resisting states , it was getting clearer day by day that the Company was incapable of governing the vast expanse of the captured territories .
C. Rajagopalachari -LRB- Rajaji -RRB- was the first Chief Minister .
During the 3rd century BCE , the Deccan was part of the Mauryan kingdom , and from the middle of the 1st century BCE to 2nd century CE the same area was ruled by the Satavahana dynasty .
The names of the three dynasties , Cholas , Pandyas , and Cheras are mentioned in the Pillars of Ashoka -LRB- inscribed 273 â `` 232 BCE -RRB- inscriptions , among the kingdoms , which though not subject to Ashoka , were on friendly terms with him .
The ancestor of modern humans -LRB- Homo sapiens sapiens -RRB- who appeared around 50,000 years ago was more developed and could make thinner flake tools and blade-like tools using a variety of stones .
The Neolithic humans lived mostly on small flat hills or on the foothills in small , more or less permanent settlements but for periodical migration for grazing purposes .
The Cholas , who re-emerged from obscurity in the 9th century by defeating the Pallavas and the Pandyas , rose to become a great power and extended their empire over the entire southern peninsula .
The Chola kingdom under Parantaka I expanded to cover the entire Pandya country .
In Tamil Nadu , the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE .
In 1605 , the Dutch established trading posts in the Coromandel Coast near Gingee and in Pulicat .
Although the rebellion had a huge impact on the state of the colonial power in India , Tamil Nadu was mostly unaffected by it .
In 1949 , researchers found such microliths in Tirunelveli district .
They did not leave many artefacts or monuments .
The region of Tamil Nadu in modern India has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times , and the history of Tamil Nadu and the civilization of the Tamil people are among the oldest in the world .
The Anglo-Mysore Wars of 1766 to 1799 and the Anglo-Maratha Wars of 1772 to 1818 put the Company in control of most of India .
He invaded Pallava kingdom in 903 and killed the Pallava king Aparajita in battle , ending the Pallava reign .
The population density was very low and so far only two localities of this lower Palaeolithic culture have been found in south India .
After some decades of expansion , the Pandyan Empire was large enough to pose a serious threat to the Pallava power .
Around 850 , out of obscurity rose Vijayalaya , made use of an opportunity arising out of a conflict between Pandyas and Pallavas , captured Thanjavur and eventually established the imperial line of the medieval Cholas .
During the Iron Age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
Ancient Tamil Nadu contained three monarchical states , headed by kings called Ventar and several tribal chieftaincies , headed by the chiefs called by the general denomination Vel or Velir .
One of these is in Attirampakkam valley in the northwest of Chennai in Tamil Nadu .
Pandya Cendan extended their rule to the Chera country .
The kingdom of the Cheras comprised the modern state of Kerala , along the western or Malabar Coast of southern India .
Invasion by the Kalabhras during the 3rd century disturbed the traditional order of the land by displacing the three ruling kingdoms .
After the fall of the Satavahanas , they began to get control over parts of Andhra and the Tamil country .
Congress formed the first ministry in the Madras Presidency .
His son Arikesari Parantaka Maravarman -LRB- c. 650 â `` 700 -RRB- had a long and prosperous rule .
The Pandya power continued to grow under Srimara and encroached further into the Pallava territories .
Their proximity to the sea favored trade with Africa .
The Pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of Narasimhavarman I and Pallavamalla Nandivarman II .
He fought many battles and extended the Pandya power .
Pandya Kadungon -LRB- 560 â `` 590 -RRB- is credited with the overthrow of the Kalabhras in the south .
These people are described in later literature as ` evil rulers ' who overthrew the established Tamil kings and got a strangle hold of the country .
The Iron Age culture in peninsular India is marked by Megalithic burial sites , which are found in several hundreds of places .
Karikala Chola was the most famous early Chola .
Archaeological research has uncovered evidence of fossil remains of animals and primitive stone implements around the northern Tamil Nadu that could be dated to belong to around 300,000 BCE .
From about 10,000 years ago , humans made still smaller tools called Microlithic tools .
Under this empire the Telugu speaking Nayak governors ruled the Tamil land .
Vijayalaya revived the Chola dynasty and his son Aditya I helped establish their independence .
Rapid changes in the political situation of the rest of India due to incursions of Muslim armies from the northwest marked a turning point in the history of Tamil Nadu .
Failure of the summer monsoons and administrative shortcomings of the Ryotwari system resulted in a severe famine in the Madras Presidency during 1876 â `` 1877 .
This phase lasted until towards the end of the 1990s .
The prehistoric period during which Palaeolithic settlements existed in the Tamil Nadu region has been estimated to span the period from about 500,000 BCE until around 3000 BCE .
For most part of the lower Palaeolithic stage , humans lived close to river valleys with sparse forest cover or in grassland environments .
European settlements began to appear in the Tamil country during the Vijayanagara Empire .
The domination of the Congress Party after 1947 gave way to the Dravidian populist mobilisation in the 1960s .
The brief appearance of the Marathas gave way to the European trading companies , who began to appear during the 17th century and eventually assumed greater sway over the indigenous rulers of the land .
Beck , Bogert & Appice was a hard rock supergroup power trio formed by guitarist Jeff Beck after two previous incarnations of The Jeff Beck Group , and bassist Tim Bogert and drummer Carmine Appice who were both previously in Vanilla Fudge and Cactus .
This process is called hematopoiesis .
In the circulatory system they move from lymph node to lymph node .
A low normal to low absolute lymphocyte concentration is associated with increased rates of infection after surgery or trauma .
Following maturation , the lymphocytes enter the circulation and peripheral lymphoid organs -LRB- e.g. the spleen and lymph nodes -RRB- where they survey for invading pathogens and\/or tumor cells .
B cells mature into B lymphocytes in the bone marrow , while T cells migrate to and mature in a distinct organ , called the thymus .
Throughout the lifetime of an animal these memory cells will â rememberâ each specific pathogen encountered , and are able to mount a strong and rapid response if the pathogen is detected again .
The function of T cells and B cells is to recognize specific â non-self â antigens , during a process known as antigen presentation .
The effects of other viruses or lymphocyte disorders can also often be estimated by counting the numbers of lymphocytes present in the blood .
NK cells distinguish infected cells and tumors from normal and uninfected cells by recognizing changes of a surface molecule called MHC -LRB- major histocompatibility complex -RRB- class I. NK cells are activated in response to a family of cytokines called interferons .
One basis for low T cell lymphocytes occurs when the human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- infects and destroys T cells -LRB- specifically , the CD4 + subgroup of T lymphocytes -RRB- .
NK cells are a part of innate immune system and play a major role in defending the host from both tumors and virally infected cells .
All lymphocytes originate , during this process , from a common lymphoid progenitor before differentiating into their distinct lymphocyte types .
Mammalian stem cells differentiate into several kinds of blood cell within the bone marrow .
In response to pathogens some T cells , called T helper cells , produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules that contain powerful enzymes which induce the death of pathogen infected cells . Following activation , B cells and T cells leave a lasting legacy of the antigens they have encountered , in the form of memory cells .
Effector lymphocytes function to eliminate the antigen , either by releasing antibodies -LRB- in the case of B cells -RRB- , cytotoxic granules -LRB- cytotoxic T cells -RRB- or by signaling to other cells of the immune system -LRB- helper T cells -RRB- .
This contrasts with macrophages , which are rather stationary in the nodes .
T cells -LRB- Thymus cells -RRB- and B cells -LRB- bone cells -RRB- are the major cellular components of the adaptive immune response .
A lymphocyte count is usually part of a peripheral complete blood cell count and is expressed as percentage of lymphocytes to total white blood cells counted .
In response to pathogens some T cells , called T helper cells , produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules that contain powerful enzymes which induce the death of pathogen infected cells .
The extent of HIV progression is typically determined by measuring the percentage of CD4 + T cells in the patient 's blood .
Activated NK cells release cytotoxic -LRB- cell-killing -RRB- granules which then destroy the altered cells .
An increase in lymphocyte concentration is usually a sign of a viral infection -LRB- in some rare case , leukemias are found through an abnormally raised lymphocyte count in an otherwise normal person -RRB- .
Without the key defense that these T cells provide , the body becomes susceptible to opportunistic infections that otherwise would not affect healthy people .
QuiestÃ de is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 1911 , the world 's first geothermal power plant was built in the Valle del Diavolo -LRB- `` Devil 's Valley '' -RRB- , named for the boiling water that rises there .
It was a small generator that lit four light bulbs .
Larderello is a frazione of the comune of Pomarance , in Tuscany in central Italy .
Later , in 1911 , the world 's first geothermal power plant was built there .
Prince Piero Ginori Conti tested the first geothermal power generator on 4 July 1904 , at the Larderello dry steam field in Italy .
Some regard sexual conflict as a subset of sexual selection -LRB- which was traditionally regarded as mutualistic -RRB- , while others suggest it is a separate evolutionary phenomenon .
It has primarily been studied in animals , though it can in principle apply to any sexually reproducing organism , such as plants and fungi .
Sexual conflict occurs when the two sexes have conflicting optimal fitness strategies concerning reproduction , leading to an evolutionary arms race between males and females .
AmbÃ rieu-en-Bugey is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France .
Lebanon Junction is a city in Bullitt County , Kentucky , United States .
The Swedish Wikipedia -LRB- SvensksprÃ kiga Wikipedia or Svenska Wikipedia -RRB- is the Swedish language edition of Wikipedia .
Indiana 's best known image is the word love in upper-case letters , arranged in a square with a tilted letter O. This image was first created for a Christmas card for the Museum of Modern Art in 1964 .
Robert Indiana -LRB- born September 13 , 1928 -RRB- is an American artist associated with the Pop Art movement .
Indiana 's work often consists of bold , simple , iconic images , especially numbers and short words like EAT , HUG , and , his best known example , LOVE .
It was put on an eight-cent US Postal Service postage stamp in 1973 , the first of their regular series of `` love stamps . ''
An Indiana sculpture showing the Hebrew word for love -LRB- ahava -RRB- is displayed at The Israel Museum in Jerusalem , Israel .
The American Film Institute ranked Citizen Kane as the greatest American movie . Other Welles films were nominated for their list :
Ilonse is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
In classical economics , land is considered one of the three factors of production -LRB- along with capital , and labor -RRB- . Income derived from ownership or control of natural resources is referred to as rent .
Wallins Creek is a city in Harlan County , Kentucky , United States .
He was the son of Henry James , Sr. , a clergyman , and the brother of philosopher and psychologist William James and diarist Alice James .
The Maui Hesperomannia -LRB- Hesperomannia arbuscula -RRB- is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is endemic to the islands of Oahu and Maui in Hawaii .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
Goualade is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Takashi Kitano -LRB- Japanese : å -- é è ä , born October 4 , 1982 , Sapporo , Hokkaido -RRB- is a Japanese professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Japan 's J. League Division 1 club Omiya Ardija .
Ismael Urzaiz Aranda -LRB- born 7 October 1971 -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a center forward .
Playground slides are found in parks , schools , playgrounds and backyards .
The user , typically a child , climbs to the top of the slide via a ladder or stairs and sits down on the top of the slide and `` slides '' down the slide .
He also conducted the controversial `` Little Albert '' experiment .
John Broadus Watson -LRB- January 9 , 1878 â `` September 25 , 1958 -RRB- was an American psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , after doing research on animal behavior .
This word is the head of the phrase and gives its name to the phrase category .
Energy is subject to the law of conservation of energy .
In this closed system , energy can not be created or destroyed ; therefore , the initial energy and the final energy will be equal to each other .
Energy is also transferred from potential energy to kinetic energy and then back to potential energy constantly .
One form of energy can often be readily transformed into another with the help of a device - for instance , a battery , from chemical energy to electric energy ; a dam : gravitational potential energy to kinetic energy of moving water -LRB- and the blades of a turbine -RRB- and ultimately to electric energy through an electric generator .
Energy is also transferred from potential energy to kinetic energy and then back to potential energy constantly . This is referred to as conservation of energy .
According to energy conservation law the total inflow of energy into a system must equal the total outflow of energy from the system , plus the change in the energy contained within the system .
Potato , rice , wheat , and maize are major sources of starch in the human diet .
The structural component of plants are formed primarily from cellulose .
Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen , and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin .
Starches are insoluble in water .
They may be amorphous or even insoluble in water .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases , which can break the alpha-linkages -LRB- glycosidic bonds -RRB- .
Wood is largely cellulose and lignin , while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
Cellulose is a polymer made with repeated glucose units bonded together by beta-linkages .
Humans and many other animals lack an enzyme to break the beta-linkages , so they do not digest cellulose .
Humans and other animals have amylases , so they can digest starches .
Uccello was married to Tomassa Malifici by 1453 , because in that year Donato -LRB- named after Donatello -RRB- was born , and in 1456 his wife gave birth to Antonia .
Vostok 1 was launched by the Soviet space program , and was designed by Soviet engineers guided by Sergey Korolyov under military supervision of Kerim Kerimov and others .
The flight took Yuri Gagarin , a cosmonaut from the Soviet Union , into space .
The Vostok 3KA spacecraft was launched on April 12 , 1961 .
Angela appears in Top Spin 2 which is for the Xbox 360 , Nintendo Game Boy , and Nintendo DS .
Angela 's current racquet is believed to be the Babolat Pure Storm .
Angela 's clothing is provided by Adidas .
Her racquets are provided by Babolat .
Angela is currently ranked World No. 158 , race-singles World No. 260 and World No. 198 in doubles as of March 8 , 2010 .
Angela likes to wear bandanas while playing .
Haynes ' brother , Dontia Haynes , a former San Diego State University tennis player ranked among the top 100 ranked collegiate tennis players in the United States , died 23 September 2005 .
Angela Haynes -LRB- born September 27 , 1984 in Bellflower , California -RRB- is a professional tennis player from the United States .
Haynes 's top WTA singles ranking is World No. 95 which she attained in August , 2005 .
Interstate H-3 begins at the HÄ lawa Interchange with Interstates H-1 and H-201 .
The freeway then runs along a viaduct through HÄ lawa Valley for about 6 m until it reaches the Tetsuo Harano Tunnels through the Ko ` olau Mountains .
Once on the eastern end of the tunnel , the freeway follows a viaduct built along the side of Haiku Valley until the Kaneohe Interchange with State Route 63 -LRB- Likelike Highway -RRB- which leads into the town of Kaneohe .
The tournament was won by Italy , after beating West Germany 3 â `` 1 in the final .
The 1982 FIFA World Cup , the 12th FIFA World Cup , was held in Spain from 13 June to 11 July .
The upper 16 k of Earth 's crust is composed of approximately 95 % igneous rocks with only a thin , widespread covering of sedimentary and metamorphic rocks .
Igneous rock -LRB- derived from the Latin word igneus meaning of fire , from ignis meaning fire -RRB- is one of the three main rock types , the others being sedimentary and metamorphic rock .
Extrusive igneous rocks are formed at the crust 's surface as a result of the partial melting of rocks within the mantle and crust . Extrusive Igneous rocks cool and solidify quicker than intrusive igneous rocks .
Brett Michael Emerton -LRB- born 22 February 1979 -RRB- is an Australian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player who plays as a midfielder for Blackburn Rovers and for the Australian national football team .
Berzy-le-Sec is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
In Iran , oars mounted on the side of ships for steering are documented from the 3rd millennium BCE in artwork , wooden models , and even remnants of actual boats .
Midhurst -LRB- ; Sussex dialect : Medhas -RRB- is a market town and civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , England , with a population of 4,889 in 2001 .
LaignÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It also appeared as a hidden track on international editions , and on the deluxe edition of Knowles ' second solo studio album , B ` Day .
The track was released as the lead single from film 's soundtrack album on December 5 , 2006 in the United States through Columbia Records .
`` Listen '' is a 2006 R&B , soul song recorded by American singer BeyoncÃ .
Radymno was previously in the PrzemyÅ l Voivodeship from 1975 -- 1998 .
BiÃ vres is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Almost 800 specimens were illustrated by the artist Sydney Parkinson and appear in Banks ' Florilegium , finally published in 35 volumes between 1980 and 1990 .
The voyage then progressed to Tahiti -LRB- where the transit of Venus was observed , the overt purpose of the mission -RRB- , to New Zealand and to the east coast of Australia , where Cook mapped the coastline and made landfall at Botany Bay and at Endeavour River -LRB- near modern Cooktown -RRB- in Queensland , where they spent almost seven weeks ashore while the ship was repaired after foundering on the Great Barrier Reef .
He took part in Captain James Cook 's first great voyage -LRB- 1768 -- 1771 -RRB- .
Approximately 80 species of plants bear Banks 's name .
Banks is credited with the introduction to the Western world of eucalyptus , acacia , mimosa , and the genus named after him , Banksia .
While they were in Australia Banks , the Swedish botanist Daniel Solander and the Finnish botanist Dr. Herman SpÃ ring Jr. made the first major collection of Australian flora , describing many species new to science .
Sir Joseph Banks , 1st Baronet , GCB , PRS -LRB- 2 February 1743 -- 19 June 1820 -RRB- was an English naturalist , botanist and patron of the natural sciences .
In 1766 Banks was elected to the Royal Society , and in the same year , at 23 , he accompanied Phipps to Newfoundland and Labrador with a view of studying their natural history .
He made his name by publishing the first Linnean descriptions of the plants and animals of Newfoundland and Labrador .
They have several common names including ginger ants and tropical fire ants .
Fire ants are a variety of stinging ants with over 280 species worldwide .
GÃ raudot is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
MickaÃ `` l Vincent AndrÃ - Marie Landreau -LRB- born May 14 , 1979 in Machecoul -RRB- is a French professional football goalkeeper , who currently plays for French Ligue 1 side Lille OSC .
Some commentators consider these people , many of whom lost the opportunity to attend university , China 's `` lost generation . ''
Famous authors who have written about their experiences during the movement include Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo , Jiang Rong , and Zhang Chengzhi , both of whom went to Inner Mongolia .
As a result of the anti-bourgeois thinking prevalent during the Cultural Revolution , Mao Zedong declared certain privileged urban youth would be sent to mountainous areas or farming villages , in order that they could learn from the workers and farmers there .
The Down to the Countryside Movement was a policy instituted in the People 's Republic of China in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
As a result , many fresh high school graduates , who became known as the Rusticated Youth of China , were forced out of the cities and effectively exiled to remote areas of China .
Abel Carlos da Silva Braga , also known as Abel Braga or just Abel during his playing days -LRB- born September 1 , 1952 -RRB- , is a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- manager and a former football player .
Because the closure itself has a reference to , it can use that variable each time calls it .
-LRB- define -LRB- best-selling-books threshold -RRB- -LRB- filter -LRB- lambda -LRB- book -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- = -LRB- book-sales book -RRB- threshold -RRB- -RRB- book-list -RRB- -RRB-
secret-message msg -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- set !
Note : Some speakers call any data structure that binds a lexical environment a closure , but the term usually refers specifically to functions .
Because the closure in this case outlives the scope of the function that creates it , the variables and live on after the function returns .
At runtime , when the outer function executes , a closure is formed , consisting of the inner functionâ s code and references to any variables of the outer function required by the closure ; such variables are called the upvalues of the closure .
-LRB- let -LRB- -LRB- secret-message `` none '' -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- set !
\/ \/ Return a function that approximates the derivative of f \/ \/ using an interval of dx , which should be appropriately small .
When the lambda expression is evaluated , Scheme creates a closure consisting of the code for the lambda and a reference to the variable , which is a free variable inside the lambda .
The term closure is often mistakenly used to mean anonymous function .
This is probably because most languages implementing anonymous functions allow them to form closures and programmers are usually introduced to both concepts at the same time .
Closures typically appear in languages in which functions are first-class values -- in other words , such languages allow functions to be passed as arguments , returned from function calls , bound to variable names , etc. , just like simpler types such as strings and integers .
The closure is then passed to the function , which calls it repeatedly to determine which books are to be added to the result list and which are to be discarded .
The keyword is used here instead of , and an method instead of a global function , but otherwise the structure and the effect of the code are the same .
These are limited -LRB- or `` crippled '' -RRB- by the fact that the result of the lambda expression must be one expression rather than a statement . Thus , it is not possible to put a `` for '' , `` while '' , or `` if '' block in a lambda expression .
These are , however , distinct concepts .
In some languages , a closure may occur when a function is defined within another function , and the inner function refers to local variables of the outer function .
The concept of closures was developed in the 1960s and was first fully implemented as a language feature in the programming language Scheme .
In languages without closures , the lifetime of a local variable coincides with the execution of the scope where that variable is declared .
bar -LRB- lambda secret-message -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
function bestSellingBooks -LRB- threshold -RRB-
\/ \/ Return a list of all books with at least ` threshold ' copies sold .
foo -LRB- lambda -LRB- msg -RRB- -LRB- set !
In languages with closures , variables must continue to exist as long as any existing closures have references to them .
According to a paper published in 2005 , Mexico and South Korea were the only other countries comparable to the BRICs , but their economies were excluded initially because they were considered already more developed , as they were already members of the OECD .
It is typically rendered as `` the BRICs '' or `` the BRIC countries '' or alternatively as the `` Big Four '' .
The acronym was coined by Jim O'Neill in a 2001 paper entitled `` Building Better Global Economic BRICs '' .
In economics , BRIC is a grouping acronym that refers to the countries of Brazil , Russia , India and China , which are all deemed to be at a similar stage of newly advanced economic development .
Harold Robbins -LRB- May 21 , 1916 -- October 14 , 1997 -RRB- was one of the best-selling American authors of all time .
MÃ thamis is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Regina -LRB- `` rej-eye-na '' -RRB- is the capital of Saskatchewan , Canada .
In Paris , Genet sought out and introduced himself to Jean Cocteau , who was impressed by his writing .
Between 1955 and 1961 Genet wrote three more plays as well as an essay called `` What Remains of a Rembrandt Torn Into Four Equal Pieces and Flushed Down the Toilet '' , on which hinged Jacques Derrida 's analysis of Genet in his seminal work `` Glas '' .
Genet developed throat cancer and was found dead on April 15 , 1986 in a hotel room in Paris .
By 1949 Genet had completed five novels , three plays and numerous poems .
Early in his life he was a vagabond and petty criminal , but later took to writing .
However , following a number of accidents and Abdallah 's suicide in 1964 , Genet entered a period of depression , even attempting suicide .
Cocteau used his contacts to get Genet 's novel published , and in 1949 , when Genet was threatened with a life sentence after ten convictions , Cocteau and other prominent figures , including Jean-Paul Sartre and Pablo Picasso , successfully petitioned the French President to have the sentence set aside . Genet would never return to prison .
In 1950 , Genet directed Un Chant d'Amour , a 26-minute black-and-white film depicting the fantasies of a gay male prisoner and his prison warden .
His major works include the novels Querelle of Brest , The Thief 's Journal , and Our Lady of the Flowers , and the plays The Balcony , The Blacks , The Maids and The Screens .
It is sometimes put on display alongside the Mappa Mundi in the cathedral 's chained library .
The cathedral is a Grade I listed building .
The current Hereford Cathedral , located at Hereford in England , dates from 1079 .
Its most famous treasure is Mappa Mundi , a mediÃ val map of the world dating from the 13th century .
Packwood is a city in Jefferson County , Iowa , United States .
Naoto Sakurai is a Japanese former football player who has recently played for Omiya Ardija .
Keiji Ishizuka -LRB- ç å å `` æ , born 26 August 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The capital of the county is Shemiranat .
Shemiranat County is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Head of the Government ; -RRB- is the head of the Israeli government and the most powerful political figure in Israel -LRB- the title of President of Israel is an honorary position -RRB- . The prime minister is the country 's chief executive .
This legal prohibition extends to any sort of LGBT-human rights organization .
LGBT human rights are not respected in Bangladesh , and there appears to be no organized movement to advance such human rights .
BPC Section â `` 377A .
And such acts of homosexuality will lead to life in prison , or even face the death penalty .
Explanation : â Penetration is sufficient to constitute the carnal intercourse necessary to the offence described in this section .
Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man , woman or animal , shall be punished with imprisonment for life , or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years , and shall also be liable to fine .
According to Section 377A of BPC , adult homosexual sex acts are illegal and will be punished with deportation , fines and\/or up to 10 years , sometimes life imprisonment .
PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Sky is the fifth installment in the PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon series for the Nintendo DS , and a sister game to PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Time and Explorers of Darkness .
The two games were released in Japan on September 13 , 2007 , and were released in North America on April 20 , 2008 . They were released in Europe on July 4 , 2008 .
As of September 30 , 2008 , PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Time and Explorers of Darkness combined to sell 4.12 million copies worldwide , according to Nintendo .
The Evangelical Christian Church , also known as `` Christian Disciples '' became the Stone-Campbell Movement , also called the American Restoration Movement which arose on the frontiers of early nineteenth-century America .
The Evangelical Christian Church -LRB- Christian Disciples -RRB- as a new group within the Restoration tradition was reorganized in 2001 . The Evangelical Christian Church 's national office in Canada is in Waterloo , Ontario .
In addition , students at the two schools can cross-register in undergraduate or graduate classes without any additional fees , for credits toward their own school 's degrees . Harvard is governed by two boards , one of which is the President and Fellows of Harvard College , also known as the Harvard Corporation , founded in 1650 , and the other is the Harvard Board of Overseers .
The President of Harvard University is the day-to-day administrator of Harvard and is appointed by and responsible to the Harvard Corporation .
Five years later , a children 's clinic was added .
Her lifelong friend Dorothy Burlingham and several other members of the Freud family also rest there .
Compared to her father , her work emphasized the importance of the ego and its ability to be trained socially .
She was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium and her ashes placed in a marble shelf next to her parents ' ancient Greek funeral urn .
In 1947 , Freud and Kate Friedlaender established the Hampstead Child Therapy Courses .
The war gave Freud opportunity to observe the effect of deprivation of parental care on children .
At Yale Law School , she taught seminars on crime and the family : this led to a transatlantic collaboration with Joseph Goldstein and Albert Solnit on children and the law , published as Beyond the Best Interests of the Child -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .
From the 1950s until the end of her life Freud traveled regularly to the United States to lecture , to teach and to visit friends .
During the 1970s she was concerned with the problems of emotionally deprived and socially disadvantaged children , and she studied deviations and delays in development .
Here the children got foster care although mothers were encouraged to visit as often as possible .
Here they worked with Freud 's theory of the developmental lines . Furthermore Freud started lecturing on child psychology : Siegfried Bernfeld and August Aichorn , who both had practical experience of dealing with children , were among her mentors in this .
Anna Freud -LRB- 3 December 1895 â `` 9 October 1982 -RRB- was the sixth and last child of Sigmund and Martha Freud .
Freud died in London on 9 October 1982 .
She set up a center for young war victims , called `` The Hampstead War Nursery '' .
Alongside Melanie Klein , she may be considered the founder of psychoanalytic child psychology : as her father put it , child analysis ` had received a powerful impetus through `` the work of Frau Melanie Klein and of my daughter , Anna Freud '' ' .
Vacallo is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is the county seat of Sumter County .
Bushnell is a city in Sumter County , Florida , United States .
Like the other Latin American tapirs -LRB- the Mountain Tapir and the South American Tapir -RRB- , Bairdâ s Tapir is commonly called danta by people in all areas .
It is one of three Latin American species of tapir .
Bairdâ s Tapir is found in the dense jungles of Central America , including southeastern Mexico , Belize , Guatemala , Honduras , Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Panama , Colombia , and Ecuador .
Bairdâ s Tapir -LRB- Tapirus bairdii -RRB- is a species of tapir that is native to Central America and northern South America .
A symphonic poem or tone poem is a piece of orchestral music in a single continuous section -LRB- a movement -RRB- in which the content of a poem , a story or novel , a painting , a landscape or another -LRB- non-musical -RRB- source is illustrated or evoked .
Dormice are Old World mammals in the family Gliridae , part of the rodent -LRB- Rodentia -RRB- order .
-LRB- This family is also variously called Myoxidae or Muscardinidae by different taxonomists -RRB- .
Delray is a neighborhood and former incorporated village , located on the south side of Detroit , Michigan .
James Hugh Calum Laurie , OBE -LRB- ; born 11 June 1959 -RRB- , better known as Hugh Laurie , is an English actor , voice artist , comedian , writer , musician , recording artist , and director .
The Assistant to the President and National Security Advisor is a member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States , serving as deputy to the President 's National Security Advisor .
Among other responsibilities , the Deputy National Security Advisor serves as Executive Secretary to the National Security Council Principals Committee , and as Chairman of the National Security Council Deputies Committee .
Yvelines is a French department in the region of Ã le-de-France .
The mill was built in 1861 , and purchased by brothers Charles and Frederick Schwamb in 1864 for the manufacture of circular and elliptical picture frames .
Two wings were added during this time , however : one by 1881 , and the other between that date and 1898 .
The Old Schwamb Mill is the oldest continuously operating mill site in the United States .
The current mill is a well-preserved 19th-century woodworking factory .
It remained within the family 's ownership and continued to operate , more or less unchanged in both equipment and processes , until 1969 .
There has been a mill operating at this site since c. 1650 .
The current holder of the Prince of Wales Trophy is the Philadelphia Flyers after winning the Eastern Conference championship on May 24 , 2010 .
With the expansion of the NHL in 1967 , and the creation of the Western Division , the Wales Trophy was given to the team that finished in first place in the Eastern Division , during the regular season .
From 1927 on , the trophy was awarded to the champion of the American Division of the NHL , while the O'Brien Cup was presented to the Canadian Division champion , until 1938 , when , after the NHL reverted to a single division , the Wales Trophy was made the award for the overall regular season champion .
A superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Wales -LRB- Eastern Conference champion -RRB- or Clarence S. Campbell -LRB- Western Conference champion -RRB- Trophies after they have won the conference playoffs ; the players feel that the Stanley Cup is the true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that they should be hoisting .
After the demise of the WHL , however , the Stanley Cup was awarded exclusively to the NHL playoff champion , and the Wales Trophy was given to the regular season champion .
Named for Prince Edward , Prince of Wales -LRB- later King Edward VIII , and then Duke of Windsor -RRB- , the cup was first presented in the 1925 â `` 26 NHL season to the champion of the first game in Madison Square Garden and then subsequently presented to the champion of the NHL playoffs -LRB- including the previous two seasons -RRB- ; however , the trophy has been awarded for eight different accomplishments throughout its history , including for the NHL regular season champions , the American Division regular season champions , the East Division season champions , the Wales Conference regular season champions , the Wales Conference playoff champions , and the Eastern Conference playoff champions .
When the league formed two conferences in 1974 , the cup transferred to the team that finished with the best regular season record in the Wales Conference , until 1981 , when the NHL changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , and the Prince of Wales Trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions .
When the league formed two conferences in 1974 , the cup transferred to the team that finished with the best regular season record in the Wales Conference , until 1981 , when the NHL changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , and the Prince of Wales Trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions . By 1994 , the trophy was awarded to the Eastern Conference playoff champions .
It was then awarded to the NHL playoff champion in 1925 â `` 26 and 1926 â `` 27 , -LRB- supplementing the O'Brien Cup -RRB- before that team would go on to face the Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- champion for the Stanley Cup . After the demise of the WHL , however , the Stanley Cup was awarded exclusively to the NHL playoff champion , and the Wales Trophy was given to the regular season champion .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , also known as the Wales Trophy , is an award presented by the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- to the Eastern Conference -LRB- formerly the Wales Conference -RRB- playoff champions , prior to the final series of games for the Stanley Cup . Named for Prince Edward , Prince of Wales -LRB- later King Edward VIII , and then Duke of Windsor -RRB- , the cup was first presented in the 1925 â `` 26 NHL season to the champion of the first game in Madison Square Garden and then subsequently presented to the champion of the NHL playoffs -LRB- including the previous two seasons -RRB- ; however , the trophy has been awarded for eight different accomplishments throughout its history , including for the NHL regular season champions , the American Division regular season champions , the East Division season champions , the Wales Conference regular season champions , the Wales Conference playoff champions , and the Eastern Conference playoff champions .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , also known as the Wales Trophy , is an award presented by the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- to the Eastern Conference -LRB- formerly the Wales Conference -RRB- playoff champions , prior to the final series of games for the Stanley Cup .
The Kansas City Royals are a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri .
From to the present , the Royals have played in Kauffman Stadium .
The Royals have participated in two World Series , winning in 1985 .
Daniel Munthe Agger -LRB- born 12 December 1984 -RRB- is a Danish footballer , who plays as a central defender for Premier League side Liverpool .
oblast -LRB- Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ -RRB- , pl . oblasttar -LRB- Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ñ -RRB- -RRB- administered by appointed governors .
Robert Jordan was the pen name of James Oliver Rigney , Jr. -LRB- October 17 , 1948 -- September 16 , 2007 -RRB- , under which he was best known as the author of the bestselling The Wheel of Time fantasy series .
The Unraveling is the debut full-length album by American punk rock band Rise Against , released on April 24 , 2001 , and distributed through Fat Wreck Chords .
It is the only Rise Against studio album on which lead vocalist Tim McIlrath does not play guitar .
About half the Comanche population still lives in Oklahoma , centered around the town of Lawton .
The Comanche speak the Comanche language , a Numic language of the Uto-Aztecan family , sometimes classified as a Shoshone dialect .
Specifically , the tribe owns Comanche Nation Games in Lawton , Comanche Red River Casino in Devol , Comanche Spur Casino in Elgin , Comanche Star Casino in Walters , and Comanche Smokeshop and Game Center , also in Walters , Oklahoma .
Steckborn is a municipality and the district capital of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Probably in the ninth century , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of Reichenau .
Please remember that time spent with and number of edits to Wikipedia are not indicative of the quality of an editor 's contributions , or of their diplomatic ability .
It is achieved strictly by a mechanical count of time registered and number of edits .
Unlike other awards given through a process or from one editor to another in a show of appreciation , this is one award that is intended to be given to yourself , though it can also be given by a second party .
Service awards also do not indicate any level of authority ; `` veteran '' editors have no more authority than `` novice '' editors .
There is no process for receiving these awards ; you just judge for yourself which one you are eligible for and place the badge on your user page .
In the biblical passages which refer explicitly to the Queen of Sheba there is no hint of love or sexual attraction between Solomon and the Queen of Sheba .
Airways : The state has four major airports and 23 airstrips .
It has largest railway network in the country ; with a total length of 8,546 km -LRB- as on 2006 -RRB- and the sixth largest railway density .
Domestic airports are Lucknow , GorakhpurAgra , Kanpur Allahabad and Varanasi .
The state can be divided into two distinct hypsographical regions .
Uttar Pradesh shares an international border with Nepal and is bounded by the Indian states of Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Haryana , Delhi , Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Bihar .
Cities of Kanpur , Lucknow , Bareilly , Allahabad , Varanasi , Jhansi , Gorakhpur , Agra and Ghazipur are connected to a number of National Highways .
Snowfall : In the Himalayan region of the State , annual snowfall averaging 3 to 5 metres -LRB- 10 to 15 feet -RRB- is common between December and March .
Railways : Almost all the major as well as smaller cities of the state are linked through railways .
It has seventh highest road density in India , -LRB- 1,027 km per 1000 km ,2 as on 2002 -RRB- and largest surfaced urban road network in the country -LRB- 50,721 km , as on 2002 -RRB- .
Lucknow is the largest and most important airport of the state .
The highest temperature recorded in the State was 49.9 Â at Gonda on 8 May 1958 .
Waterways : A long stretch of the river Ganges â `` from Allahabad -LRB- Uttar Pradesh -RRB- to Haldia -LRB- West Bengal -RRB- â `` has been declared as National Waterway -LRB- NW -RRB- - I and 600 km of the total NW-I lies in Uttar Pradesh .
It boasts of 31 National Highways -LRB- NH -RRB- , with a total length of 4,942 km -LRB- 8.5 % of total NH length in India -RRB- .
Roadways : The state has largest road network in the country , after Maharashtra .
A hierarchy -LRB- Greek : hierarchia -LRB- á 1\/4 Î Ï Î Ï Ï Î Î -RRB- , from hierarches , `` leader of sacred rites '' -RRB- is an arrangement of items -LRB- objects , names , values , categories , etc. -RRB- in which the items are represented as being `` above , '' `` below , '' or `` at the same level as '' one another .
His term is derived from the Greek term '' á 1\/4 Î Ï Î Ï Ï Î Î '' meaning `` rule by priests '' -LRB- from '' á 1\/4 Î Ï Î Ï Ï Î Ï '' â `` ierarches , meaning `` president of sacred rites , high-priest '' and that from '' á 1\/4 Î Ï Î Ï Ï '' â `` iereus , `` priest '' + '' á 1\/4 Ï Ï Î '' â `` arche , amongst others `` first place or power , rule '' -RRB- , and Dionysius is credited with first use of it as an abstract noun .
Ã dson Boaro , best known as Ã dson and as Ã dson AbobrÃ # o -LRB- born July 3 , 1959 at SÃ # o JosÃ do Rio Pardo , SÃ # o Paulo State -RRB- is a former Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- defender .
Yuji Okuma -LRB- born 19 January 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Yushi Soda is a Japanese former football player who played for Consadole Sapporo .
PredeÅ ti is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,405 people .
The Volkswagen Polo Mk4 is the fourth generation of the Volkswagen Polo that has been sold by the German automaker Volkswagen from early 2002 to 2009 in most countries .
The DOI for a document is permanent , whereas its location and other metadata may change .
It safeguards all intellectual property rights relating to the DOI system , manages common operational features , and supports the development and promotion of the DOI system . The IDF ensures that any improvements made to the DOI system -LRB- including creation , maintenance , registration , resolution and policymaking of DOI names -RRB- are available to any DOI registrant .
A digital object identifier -LRB- DOI -RRB- is a character string used to uniquely identify an electronic document or other object .
Manabu Wakabayashi is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tochigi S.C. in the J. League Division 2 .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals .
Proctor Silex Co. was created in 1960 with the merger of Proctor Electric and Silex Corporation .
In 1990 Proctor Silex merged with Hamilton Beach .
Pommera is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He led two resistance movements against the Canadian government and its first post-Confederation Prime Minister , Sir John A. Macdonald .
Louis David Riel -LRB- ; 22 October 1844 -- 16 November 1885 -RRB- was a Canadian politician , a founder of the province of Manitoba , and leader of the MÃ tis people of the Canadian prairies .
He is regarded by many as a Canadian folk hero today .
Riel sought to preserve MÃ tis rights and culture as their homelands in the Northwest came progressively under the Canadian sphere of influence .
Tetsuya Abe is a retired Japanese football player .
Her press secretary from 1963 to 1969 was Liz Carpenter , a fellow University of Texas alumna .
Carpenter was the first professional newswoman to be press secretary to a First Lady , and she also served as Lady Bird 's staff director .
Kentaro Yoshida -LRB- born 5 October 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Monestier is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Formula One World Constructors ' Championship -LRB- WCC -RRB- is awarded by the FIA to the most successful Formula One constructor over a season , as determined by a points system based on Grand Prix results .
Different car make\/engine combinations are considered to be different constructors for the purposes of the Championship .
Constructors ' Championship points are calculated by adding points scored in each race by any driver for that constructor .
The Constructors ' Championship was first awarded in 1958 , to Vanwall .
Up until 1979 , most seasons saw only the highest-scoring driver in each race for each constructor contributing points towards the Championship .
Scientific understanding of Iguanodon has evolved over time as new information has been obtained from the fossils .
As one of the first scientifically well-known dinosaurs , Iguanodon has occupied a small but notable place in the public 's perception of dinosaurs , its artistic representation changing significantly in response to new interpretations of its remains .
Discovered in 1822 and described three years later by English geologist Gideon Mantell , Iguanodon was the second dinosaur formally named , after Megalosaurus .
The taxonomy of this genus continues to be a topic of study as new species are named or long-standing ones reassigned to other genera .
A large , bulky herbivore , Iguanodon is a member of Iguanodontia , along with the duck-billed hadrosaurs .
Together with Megalosaurus and Hylaeosaurus , it was one of the three genera originally used to define Dinosauria .
The numerous specimens of this genus , including nearly complete skeletons from two well-known bonebeds , have allowed researchers to make informed hypotheses regarding many aspects of the living animal , including feeding , movement , and social behavior .
Halloy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Moussy-Verneuil is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Jackson is a town located in the Jackson Hole valley of Teton County , Wyoming , United States .
The population was 8,647 at the 2000 census .
Le Mesnil-Simon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Winger , in the game of hockey , is a forward position of a player whose primary zone of play on the ice is along the outer playing area . They typically work by flanking the center forward .
Originally the name was given to forward players who went up and down the sides of the rink .
Aldair , full name Aldair Nascimento dos Santos -LRB- born November 30 , 1965 in IlhÃ us -RRB- is a Brazilian football defender currently playing for S.S. Murata .
The Woolly Flying Squirrel -LRB- Eupetaurus cinereus -RRB- is the sole species placed in the genus Eupetaurus .
It is the longest member of the family Sciuridae and the most massive gliding animal known , but observations confirm that despite its size , it does glide effectively like other flying squirrels .
However , recent research has confirmed that it is still extant in Pakistani Kashmir .
Until recently scientific knowledge of this rare species was limited to 11 skins collected in the late nineteenth century .
The term can refer to a formal training place for any of the Japanese do arts but typically it is considered the formal gathering place for students of any Japanese martial arts style to conduct training , examinations and other related encounters .
Christine SchÃ 1\/4 rrer -LRB- born June 30 , 1976 , in Hanover -RRB- is a German citizen who murdered two Swedish children and seriously injured their mother with 15 blows to the head with a hammer after attacking them in their home in Arboga , Sweden , on March 17 , 2008 .
`` Galimian , '' -LRB- from Malaysian `` curry mee '' or `` curry noodles , '' -RRB- is also a popular Chinese curry dish .
The equivalent of this kind of `` tutor '' in the United States of America -LRB- U.S. -RRB- and the rest of Canada is known as a teaching assistant .
In English and Irish secondary schools , form tutors are given the responsibilities of a form or class of students in a particular year group -LRB- up to 30 students -RRB- .
In British , Australian , New Zealand , Italian , and some Canadian universities , a tutor is often but not always a postgraduate student or a lecturer assigned to conduct a seminar for undergraduate students , often known as a tutorial .
Prostate cancer is a form of cancer that develops in the prostate , a gland in the male reproductive system .
Wiesenbronn is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany .
Within the city limits of Dunedin , there are 4 public elementary schools -LRB- Curtis Fundamental , Dunedin , Garrison-Jones , San Jose -RRB- , 1 public middle school -LRB- Dunedin Highland -RRB- , and 1 public high school -LRB- Dunedin -RRB- .
Yukio Shimomura -LRB- born January 25 , 1932 , in Hiroshima , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese former football player and manager .
This is useful for creating space for new operating systems , reorganising hard disk usage , copying data between hard disks , and disk imaging .
It was written by Andrew Clausen and Lennert Buytenhek .
GNU Parted -LRB- the name being the conjunction of the two words PARTition and EDitor -RRB- is a free partition editor , used for creating , destroying , resizing , checking , and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
GParted and KDE Partition Manager are graphical programs using the parted libraries .
They are often included as utilities on many live CD distributions to make partitioning easier .
The term is derived from the Latin fortis -LRB- `` strong '' -RRB- and facere -LRB- `` to make '' -RRB- .
Many military installations are known as forts , although they are not always fortified .
Humans have constructed defensive works for many thousands of years , in a variety of increasingly complex designs .
Fortifications are military constructions and buildings designed for defense in warfare and military bases .
The word fortification can also refer to the practice of improving an area 's defense with defensive works .
Larger forts may class as fortresses ; smaller ones formerly often bore the name of fortalices .
City walls are fortifications but not necessarily called fortresses .
Private networks often do not properly configure DNS services for addresses used internally and attempt reverse DNS lookups for these addresses , causing extra traffic to the Internet root nameservers . The AS112 project attempted to mitigate this load by providing special blackhole anycast nameservers for private address ranges which only return negative result codes -LRB- not found -RRB- for these queries .
In the Internet addressing architecture , a private network is a network that uses private IP address space , following the standards set by RFC 1918 and RFC 4193 .
The Philadelphia Union is an American professional soccer club based in the Philadelphia satellite city of Chester , Pennsylvania which competes in Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- , the top professional soccer league in the United States and Canada .
Coupelle-Vieille is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Vickie Guerrero -LRB- born Vickie Lara on April 16 , 1968 -RRB- , is an American professional wrestling personality , manager , shifting authority figure and occasional wrestler . She is the widow of the late professional wrestler Eddie Guerrero , currently signed to WWE on its Raw brand .
The pilgrimage to Mecca -LRB- the Hajj -RRB- is one of the Five Pillars of Islam .
Cambridge is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
A by-election -LRB- occasionally also spelled `` bye-election '' , and known in the United States and the Philippines as a special election -RRB- is an election held to fill a political office that has become vacant between regularly scheduled elections .
Goodman worked in marketing for the Jordan team before becoming one of the two pitlane reporters for ITV 's Formula One coverage , initially alongside James Allen and later Ted Kravitz .
In 2007 she became the presenter of ITV 's coverage of the British Touring Car Championship alongside Ted Kravitz .
Vira is a former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Erwin Rudolf Josef Alexander SchrÃ dinger -LRB- ; 12 August 1887 â `` 4 January 1961 -RRB- was a physicist and theoretical biologist who was one of the fathers of quantum mechanics , and is famed for a number of important contributions to physics , especially the SchrÃ dinger equation , for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1933 .
The Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom is the official coat of arms of the British monarch , currently Queen Elizabeth II .
The shield is quartered , depicting in the first and fourth quarters the three passant guardant lions of England ; in the second , the rampant lion and double tressure fleury-counter-fleury of Scotland ; and in the third , a harp for Northern Ireland .
Variants of the Royal Arms are used by other members of the Royal Family ; and by the British Government in connection with the administration and government of the country .
In Scotland , the Queen has a separate version of the Royal Arms , a variant of which is used by the Scotland Office .
These arms are used by the Queen in her official capacity as monarch of the United Kingdom , and are officially known as her Arms of Dominion .
It is now the London Jewish Cultural Centre but a blue plaque marks it as Pavlova 's previous home and a site of significant historical interest .
Pavlova is most recognized for the creation of the rÃ le The Dying Swan and , with her own company , would become the first ballerina to tour ballet around the world .
She is widely regarded as one of the finest classical ballet dancers in history and was most noted as a principal artist of the Imperial Russian Ballet and the Ballets Russes of Serge Diaghilev .
The house had an ornamental lake where she would feed her pet swans , and where there is a statue of the ballerina by the Scots sculptor George Henry Paulin .
After leaving Russia , Pavlova moved to London , England , settling in Ivy House on North End Road , Golders Green , near Hampstead Heath where she lived for the rest of her life .
kdfrek ; While in London Pavlova was influential in the development of British ballet , most notably inspiring the career of Alicia Markova .
Saskatchewan is a prairie province in Canada , which has an area of 588276 k. Saskatchewan is bounded on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , and on the south by the states of Montana and North Dakota .
Crowley died at Netherwood on 1 December 1947 at the age of 72 . According to one biographer the cause of death was a respiratory infection .
He had become addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier .
`` Itchy & Scratchy & Marge '' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first aired on December 20 , 1990 .
In the episode , which is a satire of censorship issues , Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames The Itchy & Scratchy Show for Maggie 's actions .
`` Itchy & Scratchy & Marge '' is an acclaimed episode which dealt with censorship issues and allowed the writers to have a lot of Itchy & Scratchy cartoons , which many fans had been clamoring for .
Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers , Jr.
It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon .
Notable human diseases caused by RNA viruses include SARS , influenza and hepatitis C.
This nucleic acid is usually single-stranded RNA -LRB- ssRNA -RRB- but may be double-stranded RNA -LRB- dsRNA -RRB- . The ICTV classifies RNA viruses as those that belong to Group III , Group IV or Group V of the Baltimore classification system of classifying viruses , and does not consider viruses with DNA intermediates as RNA viruses .
Francisco Javier `` Chiqui '' Arce RolÃ n -LRB- born April 2 , 1971 in Paraguari -RRB- is a retired Paraguayan footballer .
Saint-Julien-du-Gua is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Usually each ovary takes turns releasing eggs every month ; however , if there was a case where one ovary was absent or dysfunctional then the other ovary would continue providing eggs to be released .
Variscourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Alexander is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
Magnicourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The following is a list of articles of ice hockey players who have won the Conn Smythe Trophy in the NHL .
The award is given annually to the most valuable player for his team in the playoffs .
The mere fact that a sentence is long does not make it a run-on sentence ; sentences are run-ons only when they contain more than one complete idea . A run-on sentence can be as short as four wordsâ '' for instance : I drive she walks .
Further various such as R&B , hip hop , pop\/rock
The album was released on November 26 , 2007 by GMM Grammy .
Mostly songs in this album are smooth , some speed .
Simply Bird is the fifteenth studio album by Thai recording artist Thongchai McIntyre .
The current administrative unit of Silesian Voivodeship is just a fraction of the historical Silesia which is within the borders of today 's Poland -LRB- there are also fragments of Silesia in the Czech Republic and Germany -RRB- .
Lower Silesia and most of Upper Silesia became part of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1742 during the First Silesian War . A small part remained within the Habsburg-ruled Bohemian Crown as the Duchy of Upper and Lower Silesia , colloquially called Austrian Silesia .
Y. pestis was discovered in 1894 by Alexandre Yersin , a Swiss\/French physician and bacteriologist from the Pasteur Institute , during an epidemic of plague in Hong Kong .
Yersin was a member of the Pasteur school of thought .
The transmission of Y. pestis by fleas is well characterized . Initial acquisition of Y. pestis by the vector occurs during feeding on an infected animal .
Jumigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
ç å , Baekje era -RRB- , Hanju -LRB- í ì # 1\/4 ; æ 1\/4 cents å , Silla era -RRB- , Namgyeong -LRB- ë ê 1\/2 ; å -- ä , Goryeo era -RRB- , Hanseong -LRB- í ì ; æ 1\/4 cents å , Baekje and Joseon era -RRB- , Hanyang -LRB- í ì -- ` ; æ 1\/4 cents é 1\/2 , Joseon era -RRB- , Gyeongseong -LRB- ê 1\/2 ì ; ä å , during colonial era -RRB- . Its current name originated from the Korean word meaning `` capital city , '' which is believed to be derived from the word , Seorabeol -LRB- ì ë 1\/4 ë ; å 3\/4 ç 3\/4
The city has been known in the past by the names Wirye-seong -LRB- ì ë ì ; æ
Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games commonly known as Asiad , 1988 Olympic Games and Paralympic Games .
Alen BokÅ iÄ -LRB- ; born 21 January 1970 -RRB- is a former football attacker from Croatia .
This class is polyphyletic , and consists of two clades : the Solenogastres and the caudofoveata .
In 1987 , they were officially recognized as molluscs and given their own class .
This class was once classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms .
The Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002 is a United Kingdom Statutory Instrument that states general requirements on employers to protect employees and other persons from the hazards of substances used at work by risk assessment , control of exposure , health surveillance and incident planning . There are also duties on employees ' to take care of their own exposure to hazardous substances and prohibitions on the import of certain substances into the European Economic Area .
Following the 2001 â `` 02 season , the team relocated to New Orleans , becoming the New Orleans Hornets . After three seasons in New Orleans , Hurricane Katrina forced the franchise temporarily relocate to Oklahoma City , where they spent two seasons as the New Orleans\/Oklahoma City Hornets .
The Hornets opened their inaugural season in New Orleans on October 30 , 2002 , against the Utah Jazz , who were originally known as the New Orleans Jazz .
The New Orleans Hornets are a professional basketball team based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Broadwood Stadium , also referred to as simply Broadwood , is a football stadium and multi-use community sports complex situated in Cumbernauld , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine , radium , and radon .
Francium -LRB- ; formerly known as eka-caesium and actinium K -RRB- is a chemical element that has the symbol Fr and atomic number 87 .
Well-known pelycosaurs include the genera Dimetrodon , Sphenacodon , Edaphosaurus , and Ophiacodon .
Fossil evidence from some ophiacodonts shows that parts of the skin was naked , but that the belly was covered in dermal scutes , looking like the scutes present in other reptile groups , which are of a different type of structure .
Unlike lepidosaurian reptiles , pelycosaurs lacked epidermal scales .
In 1940 the group was reviewed in detail and every species known at the time described -LRB- and many illustrated -RRB- in an important monograph by Alfred Sherwood Romer and Llewellyn Price .
In life , this would have been covered by skin , and possibly functioned as a thermoregulatory device and\/or for mating display .
At least two pelycosaur clades independently evolved a tall sail , consisting of elongated vertebral spines : the edaphosaurids and the sphenacodontids .
Pelycosaur fossils have been found mainly in Europe and North America , although some small , late-surviving forms are known from Russia and South Africa .
Atoka is a city in Atoka County , Oklahoma , United States .
Atoka is serviced by several media outlets , including the Atoka County Times , published weekly on Wednesdays , 102.1 KHKC , a radio station headquartered on the county line between Atoka and Coal Counties , and KXII and KTEN , television stations broadcasting from Sherman , Texas .
It is the county seat of Atoka County .
Sheena Easton -LRB- born Sheena Shirley Orr ; 27 April 1959 -RRB- is a Scottish recording artist .
When the victim is younger than the age of consent , it is referred to as child sexual abuse .
Sexual abuse , also referred to as molestation , is the forcing of undesired sexual behavior by one person upon another .
The offender is referred to as a sexual abuser or -LRB- often pejoratively -RRB- molester .
Mascotte is located at .
The University of Alabama is an independent branch of the University of Alabama System , which is governed by the Board of Trust of the University of Alabama .
UA is the senior and the largest in terms of enrollment of the state 's major research universities , the others being rival Auburn University and fellow UA System institutions the University of Alabama in Huntsville -LRB- UAH -RRB- and the University of Alabama at Birmingham -LRB- UAB -RRB- .
The University of Alabama -LRB- also known as Alabama , UA , or colloquially as ` Bama -RRB- is a public coeducational university located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , USA .
It debuted on the Fox television network , first airing on August 23 , 1998 , running for eight consecutive seasons , and concluding with the 200th episode on May 18 , 2006 .
That '70s Show is an American television period sitcom that centers on the lives of a group of teenage friends living in the fictional suburban town of Point Place , Wisconsin , from May 17 , 1976 , to December 31 , 1979 .
The orchestra is the principal orchestra of The Proms , the annual season of concerts played at the Royal Albert Hall , giving around a dozen concerts each season , including the First and Last Nights , the most concerts of any single orchestra during The Proms .
The BBC Symphony Orchestra is the principal broadcast orchestra of the British Broadcasting Corporation and one of the leading orchestras in Britain .
Mauricio AndrÃ s Pellegrino -LRB- born October 5 , 1971 in Leones , CÃ rdoba -RRB- is a former Argentine footballer , who played as a central defender , and who also spent time as a coach .
In the 1997 General Election , Bercow was elected the MP for Buckingham and promoted to the shadow cabinet in 2001 , holding held posts in the shadow cabinets of Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard .
He served as a councillor from 1986-1990 and unsuccessfully contested seats in the 1987 and 1992 General Elections .
John Simon Bercow -LRB- ; born 19 January 1963 -RRB- is a British politician who has been the Speaker of the House of Commons in the United Kingdom since June 2009 .
There was also a trilogy of TMNT video games for the original Game Boy system made by Konami , consisting of : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Fall of the Foot Clan , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II : Back from the Sewers , and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III : Radical Rescue .
In 1455 Gutenberg published his 42-line Bible , known as the Gutenberg Bible .
Project Gutenberg , the oldest digital library , commemorates Gutenberg 's name .
Gutenberg was born in the German city of Mainz , the youngest son of the upper-class merchant Friele Gensfleisch zur Laden , and his second wife Else Wyrich , who was the daughter of a shopkeeper .
Gutenberg died in 1468 and was buried in the Franciscan church at Mainz , his contributions largely unknown .
Superchunk was formed in 1989 in the town of Chapel Hill , North Carolina , by Mac McCaughan -LRB- guitar and vocals -RRB- , Laura Ballance -LRB- bass -RRB- , Chuck Garrison -LRB- drums -RRB- , and Jack McCook -LRB- guitar -RRB- .
The MS Jewel of the Seas is a cruise ship belonging to Royal Caribbean 's Radiance class .
Independence Hall is the centerpiece of Independence National Historical Park located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States , on Chestnut Street between 5th and 6th Streets . Known primarily as the location where both the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution were debated and adopted , the building was completed in 1753 as the Pennsylvania State House for the Province of Pennsylvania .
The building is part of Independence National Historic Park and is listed as a World Heritage Site .
In 1998 the Mirrar Aboriginal people , together with environmental groups , used peaceful on-site civil disobedience to create one of the largest blockades in Australia 's history .
Jacqui Katona is a western-educated Aboriginal woman who led the campaign to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory .
Katona won the 1999 U.S. Goldman Environmental Prize , with Yvonne Margarula , in recognition of efforts to protect their country and culture against uranium mining .
Locomotives built by the Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows , latterly part of the English Electric group .
Robert Finlayson Cook -LRB- 28 February 1946 â `` 6 August 2005 -RRB- was a British Labor Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Livingston from 1983 until his death , and notably served in the Cabinet as Foreign Secretary from 1997 to 2001 .
The ladder is very popular with tourists , is lit at night and a timed run takes place there every year , with people coming from all over the world to take part .
Another of the town 's prominent features is Jacob 's Ladder , a staircase of 699 steps , built in 1829 to connect Jamestown to the former fort on Ladder Hill .
Saint John or St. John usually refers to John the Apostle of the Bible .
Gravity is the title of Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace 's fifth studio album .
It was released on June 18 , 2002 by Columbia Records in North America .
Hannah Murray -LRB- born 1 July 1989 -RRB- is an English actress , best known for playing Cassie Ainsworth in the E4 teen drama Skins from 2007 to 2008 .
Originally known as Windows Server Codename `` Longhorn '' , Microsoft chairman Bill Gates announced its official title -LRB- Windows Server 2008 -RRB- during his keynote address at WinHEC 16 May 2007 .
Microsoft has announced that Windows Server 2008 is the last 32-bit Windows server operating system . Windows Server 2008 is available in the editions listed below , similar to Windows Server 2003 .
Prussian troops played a key part in the victories of the allies in 1813 and 1814 , and the King himself traveled with the main army of Prince Schwarzenberg , along with Alexander of Russia and Francis of Austria .
At first Frederick William and his advisors attempted to pursue a policy of neutrality in the Napoleonic Wars .
Alexander , too , suffered defeat at the hands of the French , and at Tilsit on the Niemen France made peace with Russia and Prussia .
On 14 October 1806 , at the Battle of Jena-Auerst Ã dt , the French defeated the Prussian army led by Frederick William , and the Prussian army collapsed .
Frederick William was born in Potsdam in 1770 as the son of Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt .
In 1813 , following Napoleon 's defeat in Russia , Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia at Kalisz , although he had to flee Berlin , still under French occupation .
On December 24 , 1793 , Frederick William married Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz , who bore him ten children .
Napoleon dealt with Prussia very harshly , despite the pregnant Queen 's personal interview with the French emperor .
He died on 7 June 1840 .
Frederick William III -LRB- 3 August 1770 â `` 7 June 1840 -RRB- was king of Prussia from 1797 to 1840 .
At the Congress of Vienna , Frederick William 's ministers succeeded in securing important territorial increases for Prussia , although they failed to obtain the annexation of all of Saxony , as they had wished .
He was considered to be a shy and reserved boy , which became noticeable in his particularly reticent conversations distinguished by the lack of personal pronouns .
Following the war , Frederick William turned towards political reaction , abandoning the promises he had made in 1813 to supply Prussia with a constitution .
As a soldier he received the usual training of a Prussian prince , obtained his lieutenancy in 1784 , became a colonel in 1790 , and took part in the campaigns against France of 1792-1794 .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
Please do not rename or remove these classes ; nor collapse nested elements which use them .
The HTML mark up produced by this template includes an hCard microformat , which makes the place-name and location parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue article across Wikipedia , or via a browser tool operated by a person , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to an address book .
Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area in the central part of the state .
Leighton is a city in Mahaska County , Iowa , United States .
Strategic bombing is a methodology distinct from both tactical bombing and the use of strategic air assets in an operational capacity . Such a strategy usually involves sustained attacks over a period of time on targets that affect a nation 's overall war making capability , such as factories , railroads , oil refineries , and other resources .
SebastiÃ # o Barroso Lazaroni , commonly known as SebastiÃ # o Lazaroni -LRB- born September 25 , 1950 -RRB- , is a Brazilian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- manager , currently at the helm of Qatar SC , a Qatari club .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designation 4-LAV to the electric multiple units built to work the semi-fast services on the route between London and Brighton .
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class .
It had little , if anything , to do with the ComÃ die en vaudeville of the French theater .
Cras-sur-Reyssouze is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
2042 -LRB- MMXLII -RRB- will be a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar .
The element may also be prepared in an ultra-pure form through the reaction of potassium iodide with copper -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate , which gives copper -LRB- II -RRB- iodide initially .
Elemental iodine is used as a disinfectant in various forms .
Air is blown into the solution , causing the iodine to evaporate , then it is passed into an absorbing tower containing acid where sulfur dioxide is added to reduce the iodine .
The hydrogen iodide -LRB- HI -RRB- is reacted with chlorine to precipitate the iodine .
That decomposes spontaneously to copper -LRB- I -RRB- iodide and iodine :
Aside from tungsten , iodine is the heaviest element to be essential in living organisms , and iodine is the heaviest element thought to be needed by higher animals .
Some people develop a sensitivity to iodine . Application of tincture of iodine can cause a rash .
By ingesting this large amount of non-radioactive iodine , radioactive iodine uptake by the thyroid gland is minimized .
Yakutat City and Borough is a unified city-borough in the U.S. state of Alaska .
SÃ # o CristÃ vÃ # o was the site of the first settlement by the Portuguese , in 1591 at Sergipe D'El-Rey , what is today Sergipe -LRB- the name Sergipe is actually a Tupi word , meaning river of `` crab '' -RRB- , becoming the state 's capital .
Aracaju is the capital and the largest city of the state .
It borders on two other states , Bahia in the south and west and Alagoas in the north , and in the east on the Atlantic Ocean .
Sergipe -LRB- officially the State of Sergipe -RRB- , is the smallest state of the Brazilian Federation , located on the northeastern Atlantic coast of the country .
See also List of municipalities in Sergipe -LRB- SE -RRB- , Brazil .
The convention was approved at a special United Nations conference on 28 July 1951 .
The convention also sets out which people do not qualify as refugees , such as war criminals .
Article 1 of the Convention as amended by the 1967 Protocol provides the definition of a refugee : `` A person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . . ''
Denmark was the first state to ratify the treaty -LRB- on 4 December 1952 -RRB- and there are now 147 signatories to either the Convention or the Protocol or to both .
Because the convention was approved in Geneva , it is often referred to as `` the Geneva Convention , '' though it is not one of the Geneva Conventions specifically dealing with allowable behavior in time of war .
The United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees is an international convention that defines who is a refugee , and sets out the rights of individuals who are granted asylum and the responsibilities of nations that grant asylum .
It was initially limited to protecting European refugees after World War II but a 1967 Protocol removed the geographical and time limits , expanding the Convention 's scope .
It was previously known as Tonbridge Grammar School for Girls but with the introduction of boys in the sixth form in 2002 , the school changed its name .
Tonbridge Grammar School is a state-funded grammar school in Tonbridge , United Kingdom .
The headmistress and only teacher was Miss Taylor .
The school moved to its current site in Deakin Leas in 1913 , after Tonbridge Library became too small to accommodate the growing numbers .
Tonbridge Grammar School for Girls began in 1905 with just 13 girls as pupils on the top floor of Tonbridge Library .
The Sooty Barbthroat -LRB- Threnetes niger -RRB- is a hummingbird species in the family Trochilidae .
Its natural habitat is humid tropical lowland forest .
Freire 's Sooty Barbthroat -LRB- T. n. freirei -RRB- is intermediate between the Sooty and Bronze-tailed Barbthroats however , and thus its status needs to be clarified before the situation is resolved .
Some authors considered the Sooty Barbthroat to be a melanistic variant of the Pale-tailed Barbthroat -LRB- T. leucurus -RRB- .
Though fairly restricted in range , it is common enough to be considered a Species of Least Concern by the IUCN .
In addition , some suggest that the Bronze-tailed Barbthroat -LRB- T. n. loehkeni -RRB- should also be considered a valid species and include the doubtful Christina 's Barbthroat -LRB- T. n. christinae -RRB- as a subspecies .
It is found in French Guiana and far north-eastern Brazil .
The taxonomy and systematics of the Sooty\/Pale-tailed Barbthroat complex has caused much confusion .
Aranno is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland .
Pellegrue is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Slater is a city in Story County , Iowa , United States .
Jorge Luiz de Amorim Silva -LRB- born 5 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Monocytes are attracted to a damaged site by chemical substances through chemotaxis , triggered by a range of stimuli including damaged cells , pathogens and cytokines released by macrophages already at the site .
At some sites such as the testis , macrophages have been shown to populate the organ through proliferation .
It often happens that all the mayflies in a population mature at once -LRB- the hatch -RRB- , and for a day or two in the spring or fall , mayflies will be everywhere , dancing around each other in large groups , or resting on every available surface .
Mayflies are unique among the winged insects in that they moult one more time after acquiring functional wings -LRB- this is also known as the alate stage -RRB- ; this second-to-last winged instar is usually very short , often a matter of hours , and is known as a subimago or to fly fishermen as a dun .
This stage is a favorite food of many fish , and many fishing flies are modeled to resemble them .
Castillon-de-Castets is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Born human , she was assimilated by the Borg at the age of six .
Box Car Racer was an American post hardcore band from San Diego , California , formed in 2001 .
The band was a side-project of guitarist\/vocalist Tom DeLonge and drummer Travis Barker of Blink-182 , along with lead guitarist David Kennedy of Hazen Street , and touring bassist Anthony Celestino .
Shin Asahina is a former Japanese footballer .
The club is currently third in Europe and sixth in the world with the most international titles won officially recognized by their respective association football confederation and FIFA .
The club is one of the founders of the European Club Association -LRB- ECA -RRB- , which was formed after the dissolution of the G-14 , an international group of Europe 's most elite clubs which Juventus were also a founding member .
In 1985 , Juventus became the first club in the history of European football to have won all three major UEFA competitions , the European Champion Clubs ' Cup , the -LRB- now-defunct -RRB- UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup and the UEFA Cup -LRB- first Italian and Southern European side to win the competition -RRB- .
Overall , Juventus have won 51 official competitions , more than any other team in the country ; 40 in the national First Division , which is also a record , and 11 official international competitions , making them , in the latter case , the second most successful Italian club in European competition .
The peninsula protrudes into the rich fishing zones near the Grand Banks .
Its four major bays -- Trinity Bay , Conception Bay , St. Mary 's Bay , and Placentia Bay -- have long been the center of Newfoundland 's fishing industry .
The Avalon Peninsula is a large peninsula -LRB- 10,360 kmÂ -RRB- that makes up the southeast portion of the island of Newfoundland .
It is connected to the main section of the island by the 5 km -LRB- 3 mile -RRB- wide Isthmus of Avalon .
The peninsula is home to 257,223 people , which is approximately 51 % of Newfoundland 's population in 2009 , and is the location of the provincial capital , St. John 's .
Moorslede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Moorslede was home to the 1950 World Cycling Championship , won by Briek Schotte .
The municipality comprises the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede proper .
Hartselle is the second largest city in Morgan County , Alabama , United States , about 10 miles -LRB- 16 km -RRB- south of Decatur , and is included in the Decatur Metropolitan Area , and the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area .
As of the 2006 census estimates , the population of the city is 13,479 .
Earthfall -LRB- 1995 -RRB- is the fourth book of the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card .
Entrechaux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Ivory was not drafted , but he reached a deal with the Saints immediately after the draft , and signed as a free agent on May 3 , 2010 .
Limited by injuries , in 22 games he had 91 rushes for 534 yards and 4 touchdowns , as well as 23 kickoff returns averaging 22.8 yards .
Ivory played three years for Washington State .
Walkosky attempted to obtain a medical redshirt exemption to allow Ivory to play another year , but this was unsuccessful .
Christopher Ivory -LRB- born March 22 , 1988 -RRB- is an American football running back for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League .
Despite his brief stint at Tiffin , Ivory 's performance and speed attracted attention from NFL scouts , and he was thought to have a chance of becoming the first Tiffin player to be drafted by the NFL The Saints became interested in Ivory , despite his injuries , after one of their scouts was impressed by Walkosky 's enthusiastic recommendations .
He was signed as a free agent by the Saints after the 2010 NFL Draft .
In Ivory 's final year of college football , he had 39 rushes for 223 yards in five games before suffering a season-ending knee injury .
He played college football at Washington State and at Tiffin .
Ivory earned letters in both football and track and field in high school at Longview High School in Longview , Texas , playing on a team that also included future NFL players Trent Williams , Malcolm Kelly , and Robert Henson .
Ivory then transferred to Tiffin , a Division II school in Tiffin , Ohio , whose team was coached by Dave Walkosky , a former Washington State assistant coach .
In August 2009 , Ivory was dismissed from the Washington State team for violating team rules .
He had an impressive performance in training camp and preseason games , highlighted by a strong performance against the San Diego Chargers that included a 76-yard touchdown on a swing pass .
Today Germania is located in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg .
Germania is a painting by Philipp Veit created in March 1848 during the Revolutions of 1848 .
Mackville is a city in Washington County , Kentucky , United States .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population was 13,184 .
Its county seat is Madill .
Pedro Antonio Troglio -LRB- born July 28 , 1965 in LujÃ n , Buenos Aires -RRB- is a retired Argentine football player and manager .
Seanad Ã ireann is the upper house of the Oireachtas -LRB- Irish parliament -RRB- , which also comprises the President of Ireland and DÃ il Ã ireann -LRB- the lower house -RRB- .
This new Seanad was considered to be the direct successor of the Free State Seanad and so the first Seanad convened under the new constitution was referred to as the `` Second Seanad '' .
When this document was adopted it was decided to preserve the titles of Oireachtas , for the two houses of the legislature , in conjunction with the President , DÃ il Ã ireann for the lower house , and Seanad Ã ireann for the upper house , the latter having been used during the Irish Free State . This new Seanad was considered to be the direct successor of the Free State Seanad and so the first Seanad convened under the new constitution was referred to as the `` Second Seanad '' .
The Strait of Georgia , to the west , is shielded from the Pacific Ocean by Vancouver Island .
Until the city 's naming in 1885 , `` Vancouver '' referred to Vancouver Island , and it remains a common misconception that the city is located on the island .
Cycling has become Vancouver 's fastest growing mode of transportation . Vancouver is served by Vancouver International Airport -LRB- YVR -RRB- , located on Sea Island in the City of Richmond , immediately south of Vancouver .
The island and the city are both named after Royal Navy Captain George Vancouver , though the city of Vancouver , Washington , on the north bank of the Columbia River opposite Portland , Oregon , is only indirectly named for Captain Vancouver ; that cityâ s name was adapted from Fort Vancouver , which had been the headquarters of the Columbia District of the Hudson 's Bay Company and the largest settlement in the Pacific Northwest until the Oregon Treaty of 1846 .
In northern Europe , for example , societies were able to live well on rich food supplies from the marshlands created by the warmer climate .
The term was , however , not much used until V. Gordon Childe popularized it in his book The Dawn of Europe -LRB- 1947 -RRB- .
Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviors that are preserved in the material record , such as the Maglemosian and Azilian cultures .
The Mesolithic -LRB- Greek : mesos `` middle '' , lithos stone -RRB- or `` Middle Stone Age '' was a period in the development of human technology in between the Paleolithic or Old Stone Age and the Neolithic or New Stone Age , in which farming appeared .
Such conditions also delayed the coming of the Neolithic until as late as 5000-4000 BC in northern Europe .
The term was introduced by John Lubbock in his work Pre-historic Times , published in 1865 .
Regions that experienced greater environmental effects as the last glacial period ended have a much more apparent Mesolithic era , lasting millennia .
They occur throughout the New World from extreme southern Canada to Chile .
The beetle family Phengodidae is known also as glowworm beetles , whose larvae are known as glowworms .
Larval and larviform female glowworms are predators , feeding on millipedes and other arthropods occurring in soil and litter .
The females and larvae have bioluminescent organs .
The winged males , which are often attracted to lights at night , are short-lived and probably do not feed .
Rumst -LRB- old spelling : Rumpst -RRB- -LRB- Google Satellite Image -RRB- is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Portlethen is a town situated seven miles south of Aberdeen , Scotland along the A90 .
To the east of Portlethen lie three fishing villages : Findon , Downies and Old Portlethen -LRB- now often referred to as Portlethen Village -RRB- .
Although Portlethen has been granted official town status , it resembles a residential suburb without a clear ` town center ' or focal point .
Lufthansa 's registered office and corporate headquarters is in Deutz , Cologne , with its main operations base -LRB- Lufthansa Aviation Center -LRB- LAC -RRB- and primary traffic hub at Frankfurt Airport in Frankfurt am Main with a second hub at Munich Airport .
Jerrel Hasselbaink -LRB- born 27 March 1972 -RRB- usually known as Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is a Dutch former football striker who played for various clubs in the Netherlands , Portugal , England , and Spain , as well as the Dutch national team .
Magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- , nuclear magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- NMRI -RRB- , or magnetic resonance tomography -LRB- MRT -RRB- is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to visualize detailed internal structures .
Selangor -LRB- also known by its Arabic honorific , Darul Ehsan , or `` Abode of Sincerity '' -RRB- is one of the 13 states of Malaysia .
It completely surrounds the federal territories of Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya , both of which were once under Selangor 's sovereignty .
Witten is situated in the Ruhr valley , in the southern Ruhr area .
Lisieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Dubbed `` nu metal '' , bands such as P.O.D. , Korn , Papa Roach , Limp Bizkit , Linkin Park , Disturbed , and Slipknot incorporated elements ranging from death metal to hip hop , often including DJs and rap-style vocals .
Thrash metal emerged in the early 1980s under the influence of hardcore punk and the New Wave of British Heavy Metal , particularly songs in the revved-up style known as speed metal . The movement began in the United States , with Bay Area thrash metal being the leading scene .
Like Jane 's Addiction , many of the most popular early 1990s groups with roots in heavy metal fall under the umbrella term `` alternative metal . '' Bands in Seattle 's grunge scene such as Soundgarden , credited as making a `` place for heavy metal in alternative rock '' , and Alice in Chains were at the center of the alternative metal movement .
The sound developed by thrash groups was faster and more aggressive than that of the original metal bands and their glam metal successors .
Based on the clubs of L.A. 's Sunset Strip , bands such as Quiet Riot , Ratt , MÃ tley CrÃ 1\/4 e , and W.A.S.P. were influenced by traditional heavy metal of the earlier 1970s and incorporated the theatrics -LRB- and sometimes makeup -RRB- of glam rock acts such as Alice Cooper and Kiss .
Borsbeek is a municipality located in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of Antwerp . The municipality only comprises the town of Borsbeek proper .
By 1965 , Fortran IV was supposed to be the `` standard '' and in compliance with American Standards Association X3 .4.3 FORTRAN Working Group .
The FORTRAN defined by the first standard became known as FORTRAN 66 -LRB- although many continued to refer to it as FORTRAN IV , the language upon which the standard was largely based -RRB- .
The FORTRAN defined by the first standard became known as FORTRAN 66 -LRB- although many continued to refer to it as FORTRAN IV , the language upon which the standard was largely based -RRB- . FORTRAN 66 effectively became the first `` industry-standard '' version of FORTRAN .
These features would eventually be incorporated into the Fortran 90 standard .
Fortran 95 was a minor revision , mostly to resolve some outstanding issues from the Fortran 90 standard .
Perhaps the most significant development in the early history of FORTRAN was the decision by the American Standards Association -LRB- now ANSI -RRB- to form a committee to develop an `` American Standard Fortran . '' The resulting two standards , approved in March 1966 , defined two languages , FORTRAN -LRB- based on FORTRAN IV , which had served as a de facto standard -RRB- , and Basic FORTRAN -LRB- based on FORTRAN II , but stripped of its machine-dependent features -RRB- .
The CitySpire Center is the tallest mixed-use skyscraper in New York City , located on the south side of West 56th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues in Midtown Manhattan .
Finished in 1987 , it is 248 meters -LRB- 814 ft -RRB- tall and has 75 floors , with a total area of 359000 s. The building is owned by Tishman Speyer Properties .
Its Headquarters are Located in the Muridke city .
Muridke Tehsil was carved out of the Ferozewala tehsil of Sheikhupura District -LRB- Punjab , Pakistan -RRB- in 2005 .
Besides various villages it includes the town of Narang Mandi .
Yoshiyuki Hasegawa -LRB- born 11 February 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Callirrhoe is about 8.6 kilometers in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24.1 million kilometers in 758 days , at an inclination of 141 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 140 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- with an eccentricity of 0.28 .
Callirrhoe was imaged by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak National Observatory from October 6 through November 4 , 1999 , and originally designated as asteroid .
It belongs to the PasiphaÃ `` group , irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22.8 and 24.1 million kilometers , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 Â and 158.3 Â .
It was named in October 2002 after Callirrhoe , daughter of the river god Achelous , one of Zeus ' -LRB- Jupiter 's -RRB- many conquests .
As a navigation exercise , the New Horizons spacecraft imaged it on January 10 , 2007 .
It was discovered to be in orbit around Jupiter by Tim Spahr on July 18 , 2000 , and then given the designation ' .
The Mitsubishi Mirage is a subcompact car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from 1978 to 2002 .
It was also sold as the Mitsubishi Colt or Lancer Fiore .
When DaimlerChrysler briefly controlled Chrysler and Mitsubishi , the Lancer name was given to Mitsubishi for usage in North America .
Ivana Trump -LRB- born Ivana Marie ZelnÃ Ä kovÃ ; February 20 , 1949 -RRB- is a former Olympic athlete , socialite , and fashion model noted for her marriage to mogul Donald Trump .
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second studio album by American rock band My Chemical Romance , released on June 8 , 2004 .
Converts a year -LRB- first parameter , e.g. 1998 for 1998 AD , -1998 for 1998 BC -RRB- into a logically-numbered year\/decade\/century \/ millennium .
For use in -RRB- .
Applies an offset -LRB- second parameter ; defaults to 0 -RRB- .
The London Passenger Transport Board -LRB- LPTB -RRB- was the organization responsible for public transport in London , UK , and its environs from 1933 to 1948 .
In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000 , the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport .
The London Passenger Transport Board was set up by the London Passenger Transport Act 1933 enacted on 13 April 1933 .
A bulldog is the common name for a breed of dog also referred to as the English bulldog or British Bulldog .
Formed in 1999 , the group is known for its fast guitar solos , fantasy-based lyrics , and electronic sounds in their music to add to their retro video game-influenced sound .
DragonForce was founded in 1999 by guitarists Herman Li and Sam Totman under the name of DragonHeart . The two later found singer ZP Theart through an advert , and soon after acquired drummer Matej Setinc , bassist Steve Scott and keyboardist Steve Williams .
DragonForce are an English power metal band from London .
Kazuo Imanishi -LRB- born January 12 , 1941 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
He has played for Japan national team and Toyo Industries .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game available for PlayStation 2 , Game Boy Advance and Xbox , based on the Barbie line of dolls by Mattel .
A sequel to Wild Horse Rescue was released on October 26 , 2008 . It was titled `` Barbie Horse Adventures : Riding Camp '' .
`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . ''
`` Buffalo bison whom other Buffalo bison bully , themselves bully Buffalo bison '' .
Buffaloa buffalon Buffaloa buffalon buffalov buffalov Buffaloa buffalon .
is a grammatically valid sentence in the English language , used as an example of how homonyms and homophones can be used to create complicated linguistic constructs .
Praia -LRB- pronounced , meaning `` beach '' , in both Portuguese and Cape Verdean Creole -RRB- , is the capital and largest city of Cape Verde , an island nation in the Atlantic Ocean west of Senegal .
It lies on the southern coast of Santiago island in the Sotavento Islands group .
Praia is Cape Verde 's largest city , a commercial center , and a port that ships coffee , sugar cane , and tropical fruits .
Praia also has a fishing industry and there are resort beaches nearby .
The three varieties are called rough endoplasmic reticulum , smooth endoplasmic reticulum and sarcoplasmic reticulum .
The functions of the endoplasmic reticulum vary greatly depending on the exact type of endoplasmic reticulum and the type of cell in which it resides .
He played a total of 13 games for the Maple Leafs in the 1928 â `` 29 season -LRB- 7 regular season games and 4 playoff games -RRB- .
Although born in Glasgow , Scotland , Alex Gray grew up in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
He played for five years with the Port Arthur Ports of the TBSHL .
He helped the Rangers win the Stanley Cup that spring .
Wearing jersey number 2 , he played on a line with Paul Thompson and Murray Murdoch .
In 1928 Gray signed with the New York Rangers of the NHL .
According to Legends of Hockey , `` he topped the league in goal scoring three times and was its most penalized player twice . ''
After his rookie season in New York he was involved in a big trade with the Toronto Maple Leafs , He was traded along with Lorne Chabot for Melville `` Butch '' Keeling and John Ross Roach .
Alexander Gray -LRB- June 21 , 1899 - April 10 , 1986 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933 .
After 1 season in Toronto he was sent to the minors where he spent the remainder of his career .
Triss is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 2002 .
It is the fifteenth book in the Redwall series .
Mailing lists are available in a number of formats : via a web archive , by email , or by NNTP using the mail-to-news gateway Gmane .
Copyright law is different from country to country , and a copyright notice is required in about 20 countries for a work to be protected under copyright . Before 1989 , all published works in the US had to contain a copyright notice , the Â symbol followed by the publication date and copyright owner 's name , to be protected by copyright .
The expansion of copyright and copyright term are mirrored in the rhetoric that has been employed in referring to copyright .
Copyright law is different from country to country , and a copyright notice is required in about 20 countries for a work to be protected under copyright .
Copyright infringement , or copyright violation , is the unauthorized use of works covered by copyright law , in a way that violates one of the copyright owner 's exclusive rights , such as the right to reproduce or perform the copyrighted work , or to make derivative works .
Clinton was the first of two Vice Presidents to serve in the position under two different Presidents .
He was the first Governor of New York , and then the fourth Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1805-1812 -RRB- , serving under Presidents Thomas Jefferson and James Madison .
-LRB- John C. Calhoun was the other . -RRB-
George Clinton -LRB- July 26 , 1739 - April 20 , 1812 -RRB- was an American soldier and politician , considered one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .
His political interests were inspired by his father , Charles Clinton , who was an English immigrant to Little Britain , New York and a member of the New York colonial assembly . George Clinton was the brother of General James Clinton and the uncle of New York 's future governor , DeWitt Clinton .
Betaucourt is a commune in the Haute-Sa Ã ne department in the region of Franche-Comt Ã in eastern France .
The climate of the Jura varies greatly by elevation .
The prefecture -LRB- capital -RRB- is Lons-le-Saunier .
Jura is a wine-growing region .
It continued to be spoken in rural areas into the 20th century .
Jura is one of four departments of the Franche-Comt Ã region and is surrounded by the French departments of Doubs , Haute-Sa Ã ne , CÃ te-d ` Or , SaÃ ne-et-Loire , and Ain , as well as the Swiss canton of Vaud on the east .
It is one of the largest man-made lakes in France .
Jura is a department in the east of France named after the Jura mountains .
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt Ã .
This is made from the local Savagnin grape variety .
Jura is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The Jura wines are very distinctive and unusual wines , such as vin jaune , which is made by a similar process to sherry , developing under a flor of yeast .
It is now a sous-pr Ã fecture of Jura .
Other grape varieties include Poulsard , Trousseau , and Chardonnay .
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt Ã . The departments of Jura , Doubs , and Haute-Sa Ã ne form the modern Franche-Comt Ã region of France .
The departments of Jura , Doubs , and Haute-Sa Ã ne form the modern Franche-Comt Ã region of France .
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura - the largest natural lake being Lac de Chalain , measuring 3 km long and 1 km wide .
Lac de Vouglans was formed after the building of a hydro-electric dam .
Historically , Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy , known in French as the Franche-Comt Ã .
Dole was the capital until the region was conquered by Louis XIV and it was moved to BesanÃ on .
The Jura mountains are wooded and rolling , not craggy and rocky like the Alps .
As early as the 13th century , inhabitants of the southern 2\/3 of Jura spoke a dialect of Arpitan language .
The lower valleys are temperate and pleasant , but the high mountain valleys have bitterly cold winters .
The Jura mountains provide ample opportunities for hiking , skiing , and other winter sports .
Geoffrey Ian Gallop , AC -LRB- born 27 September 1951 -RRB- is an Australian academic and former politician . He was the Premier of Western Australia from 2001 to 2006 .
Yuzo Kurihara is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J. League Division 1 team Yokohama F. Marinos .
â In 1913 Streicher married Kunigunde Roth , a baker 's daughter , in Nuremberg .
Streicher was born in Fleinhausen , Kingdom of Bavaria , one of nine children of the teacher Friedrich Streicher and his wife Anna -LRB- nÃ e Weiss -RRB- .
His publishing firm also released three anti-Semitic books for children , including the 1938 Der Giftpilz -LRB- `` The Toadstool '' or `` The Poison-Mushroom '' -RRB- , one of the most widespread pieces of propaganda , which purported to warn about insidious dangers Jews posed by using the metaphor of an attractive yet deadly mushroom .
Streicher joined the German Army in 1914 .
He won the Iron Cross and reached the rank of lieutenant by the time the Armistice was signed in November , 1918 .
Streicher 's wife , Kunigunde Streicher , died in 1943 after 30 years of marriage .
He was the founder and publisher of Der StÃ 1\/4 rmer newspaper , which became a central element of the Nazi propaganda machine .
They had two sons , Lothar -LRB- born 1915 -RRB- and Elmar -LRB- born 1918 -RRB- .
To protect himself from accountability , Streicher relied on Hitlerâ s protection . Hitler declared that Der StÃ 1\/4 rmer was his favorite newspaper , and saw to it that each weekly issue was posted for public reading in special glassed-in display cases known as `` StÃ 1\/4 rmerkasten '' .
The newspaper reached a peak circulation of 600,000 in 1935 .
Streicher was found guilty of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial and sentenced to death on October 1 , 1946 .
He claimed that Jews were white-slavers and were responsible for over 90 percent of the prostitutes in the country .
Julius Streicher was not a member of the military and did not take part in planning the Holocaust , or the invasion of other nations .
After the war , he was convicted of crimes against humanity and executed .
He worked as an elementary school teacher like his father , and in 1909 he began his political career , joining the German Democratic Party .
His films include The NeverEnding Story , Enemy Mine , Outbreak , In the Line of Fire , Air Force One , The Perfect Storm , Troy , and Poseidon .
Wolfgang Petersen -LRB- born 14 March 1941 -RRB- is a German film director and screenwriter .
He is currently developing a live-action adaptation of the 2006 anime film Paprika .
CourtÃ telle is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
So it is that the Dutch-speaking Flanders region has one set of charts of record activity there , while the French-speaking Wallonia region has another set to measure popularity in those provinces . All of the charts generated by Ultratop are published in three different languages : Dutch , primarily for the Flemish inhabitants of Flanders ; French , primarily for the Walloons in Wallonia ; and English .
In Flanders the most important charts are the Ultratop 50 singles and the Ultratop 50 albums .
In Wallonia the most important charts are the Ultratop 40 singles and the Ultratop 50 albums -LRB- the two versions of Ultratop 50 albums are separate -RRB- .
The rankings in all of these charts are based on record sales .
Real Salt Lake is an American professional soccer club based in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy , Utah which competes in Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- , the top professional soccer league in the United States and Canada .
This misreporting of the roots of the massacre caused a widespread public backlash against the North American goth scene . Investigators of the incident , five months later , stated that there was no involvement between the goth subculture and the killers , who held goth music in contempt .
It began in England during the early 1980s in the gothic rock scene , an offshoot of the Post-punk genre .
The goth subculture has survived much longer than others of the same era , and has continued to diversify .
Styles of dress within the subculture range from deathrock , punk and Victorian style attire , or combinations of the above , most often with dark attire , makeup and hair .
Its imagery and cultural proclivities indicate influences from the 19th century Gothic literature along with horror films and to a lesser extent the BDSM culture .
The goth subculture is a contemporary subculture found in many countries .
The goth subculture has associated tastes in music , aesthetics , and fashion .
Gothic music encompasses a number of different styles including Gothic rock , Darkwave , Deathrock , Ethereal , Neo-Medieval and Neoclassical .
Saint-Martin-des-Besaces is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Haplincourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Langridge was also a fine concert singer and regularly performed the sacred music of Bach and Handel .
He also sang The Lawyer in the world premiere recording of Punch and Judy -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and created the roles of Kong in The Second Mrs Kong -LRB- Glyndebourne , 1994 -RRB- and Hiereus in The Minotaur -LRB- Royal Opera House , 2008 -RRB- .
At the end of his life , he was adding some Wagner roles , including Loge from Das Rheingold .
Langridge was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- CBE -RRB- for his services to music in 1994 .
He also won great acclaim for his assumption of the title role in Elgar 's oratorio , The Dream of Gerontius .
He was married to Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray until his death from bowel cancer .
Philip Gordon Langridge CBE -LRB- 16 December 1939 -- 5 March 2010 -RRB- was an English tenor , considered to be among the foremost exponents of English opera and oratorio .
His repertoire was broad , ranging from the operas of Claudio Monteverdi and Mozart to more modern works by Ravel , Stravinsky , JanÃ Ä ek and Schoenberg .
For all his versatility , he was at his most distinguished performing the works of Benjamin Britten . Much of Britten 's vocal music was written specifically for his artistic and life partner , tenor Sir Peter Pears .
Scarlett O'Hara -LRB- full name Katie Scarlett O'Hara Hamilton Kennedy Butler -RRB- is the protagonist in Margaret Mitchell 's 1936 novel Gone with the Wind and in the later film of the same name . She also is the main character in the 1970 musical Scarlett and the 1991 book Scarlett , a sequel to Gone with the Wind that was written by Alexandra Ripley and adapted for a television mini-series in 1994 .
New Zealanders refer to rugby in general as `` footy '' or `` football '' , rugby union simply as either `` rugby '' or `` union '' and to rugby league as `` rugby league '' or `` league '' .
International Rugby League is dominated by Australia , England and New Zealand .
The shirts worn by rugby league players commonly have a large `` V '' around the neck and they also tend to be more colourful than the rugby union jerseys . The players in the rugby union wear jerseys with a more traditional design , sometimes completely white -LRB- Cahors Rugby in France -RRB- .
Lucerne is the capital of the Canton of Lucerne and the capital of the district with the same name .
The city 's metropolitan area consists of 17 cities and towns located in three different cantons with an overall population of about 250,000 people .
Due to its location on the shore of Lake Lucerne -LRB- der VierwaldstÃ ttersee -RRB- , within sight of Mount Pilatus and Rigi in the Swiss Alps , Lucerne has long been a destination for tourists .
One of the city 's famous landmarks is the Chapel Bridge -LRB- KapellbrÃ 1\/4 cke -RRB- , a wooden bridge first erected in the 14th century .
Vocance is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Streator also has an annual event called Light Up Streator held the first Saturday after Thanksgiving . Light Up Streator is a group of volunteers who place holiday decorations throughout the Streator area , most notably in City Park .
Nearby Hibernia Reef , 42 k Northeast of Ashmore Reef , is not part of the territory , but belongs to Western Australia . It has no permanently dry land area , although large parts of the reef become exposed during low tide .
The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands are two groups of small low-lying uninhabited tropical islands in the Indian Ocean situated on the edge of the continental shelf north-west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Rote .
While they have a total of 74.1 k of shoreline , measured along the outer edge of the reef , there are no ports or harbors , only offshore anchorage .
The territory includes Ashmore Reef -LRB- West , Middle , and East Islets -RRB- and Cartier Island -LRB- 70 km east -RRB- with , a total area of 199.45 k within the reefs and including the lagoons , and 114,400 mÂ of dry land .
Tortefontaine is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The University of the Incarnate Word -LRB- UIW -RRB- is a private Catholic university located within the cities of San Antonio and Alamo Heights in Texas , United States .
The battle resulted in the almost complete destruction of the Russian Second Army .
Ludendorff sent the official dispatch from Tannenberg , and the battle was named Battle of Tannenberg at the direct request of Hindenburg . Hindenburg chose Tannenberg because of its historical significance ; it was the location where the Teutonic Knights were defeated by the joint forces of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania at the Battle of Grunwald -LRB- referred to in German as Schlacht bei Tannenberg â '' `` Battle of Tannenberg '' -RRB- .
The Battle of Tannenberg was an engagement between the Russian Empire and the German Empire in the first days of World War I. It was fought by the Russian First and Second Armies against the German Eighth Army between 23 August and 30 August 1914 .
It was known as the German Workers ' Party -LRB- DAP -RRB- prior to a change of name in 1920 .
The National Socialist German Workers ' Party -LRB- , abbreviated NSDAP -RRB- , commonly known in English as the Nazi Party -LRB- from the German Nazi , abbreviated from the pronunciation of Nationalsozialist -RRB- , was a political party in Germany between 1919 and 1945 .
The capital Cyrillic letter Te -LRB- Ð cents Ñ -RRB- looks the same as the capital Latin letter T -LRB- T t -RRB- but , as with most Cyrillic letters , the lowercase form is simply a smaller version of the uppercase .
The Cyrillic letter Te was derived from the Greek letter Tau -LRB- Î Ï -RRB- .
Te -LRB- Ð cents Ñ ; italics : Ð cents Ñ -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Duels could be fought with a specialist sword or , from the 18th century on , with pistols .
Asterales is an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants that includes the composite family -LRB- Asteraceae -RRB- and its related families .
He received widespread recognition and subsequent acclaim after starring in Roman Polanski 's The Pianist -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
Adrien Brody -LRB- born April 14 , 1973 -RRB- is an American actor and film producer .
The Football Federation of Armenia -LRB- FFA -RRB- is the governing body of football in Armenia .
It is based in Yerevan .
It organizes the football league , Armenian Premier League , Armenian national football team , and the Armenia women 's national football team .
Raine Maida -LRB- born February 18 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian musician best known as being the lead vocalist and primary songwriter of the alternative rock band Our Lady Peace .
He has come to be known for his unique countertenor nasal falsetto singing voice , as well as his cryptic and poetry-influenced song lyrics .
Maida released a four song EP called Love Hope Hero on November 14 , 2006 .
In June 1966 , Campbell decided to once more try for a water speed record with K7 : his target , 300 mph -LRB- 480 km\/h -RRB- .
The exact date of the retrieval of Campbell 's body from the lake was 28 May 2001 .
Bluebird K7 was a turbo jet-engined hydroplane with which the United Kingdom 's Donald Campbell set seven world water speed records during the 1950s and 1960s . Campbell lost his life in K7 on January 4 , 1967 whilst making a bid to raise the speed record to over 300 m on Coniston Water .
Georgia 's capital was Tbilisi , and its state language was Georgian .
Proclaimed on May 26 , 1918 , on the break-up of the Transcaucasian Federation , it was led by the Social Democratic Menshevik party .
Facing permanent internal and external problems , the young state was unable to withstand the invasion by the Russian SFSR Red Armies , and collapsed between February and March 1921 to become a Soviet republic .
Amance is a commune in the Aube department in northern-central France .
It is organized by the Czech humanitarian organization People in Need , and over seven days it features about 130 documentary films from almost 40 countries .
The festival is held annually in the end of April .
Every year `` One World '' focuses on different human rights issues or problems .
One World is a human rights ' documentary film festival held annually in Prague -LRB- Czech Republic -RRB- .
Apart from films the festival also offers other events , such as debates with filmmakers and a number of photography exhibitions .
A sensory system is a part of the nervous system responsible for processing sensory information . A sensory system consists of sensory receptors , neural pathways , and parts of the brain involved in sensory perception .
In 1928 his parents moved him to the Hermann-Lietz-Internat -LRB- also a residential school -RRB- on the East Frisian North Sea island of Spiekeroog .
One day later , the 50th Redstone rocket was successfully launched from Johnston Atoll in the south Pacific as part of Operation Hardtack I. Two years later , NASA opened the Marshall Space Flight Center at Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville , and the ABMA development team led by von Braun was transferred to NASA .
Wernher von Braun was born in Wirsitz -LRB- Wyrzysk -RRB- , Province of Posen , then a part of the German Empire , and was the second of three sons .
There he acquired a copy of Die Rakete zu den PlanetenrÃ umen -LRB- 1929 -RRB- -LRB- By Rocket into Interplanetary Space -RRB- -LRB- in German -RRB- by rocket pioneer Hermann Oberth .
Beginning in 1925 , von Braun attended a boarding school at Ettersburg Castle near Weimar where he did not do well in physics and mathematics .
Von Braun had a younger brother , also named Magnus Freiherr von Braun .
Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun -LRB- March 23 , 1912 -- June 16 , 1977 -RRB- was a German-American rocket scientist , engineer , space architect , and one of the leading figures in the development of rocket technology in Germany and the United States during and after World War II .
The United States Secretary of State is the head of the United States Department of State , concerned with foreign affairs .
The Secretary is a member of the Cabinet and the highest-ranking cabinet secretary both in line of succession and order of precedence .
CalopÄ r is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,000 people .
The city of Karditsa is the capital of Karditsa peripheral unit .
Karditsa is a city in western Thessaly in mainland Greece .
Satoru Noda -LRB- born 8 June 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The 1972 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad , were an international multi-sport event held in Munich , in what was then West Germany , from August 26 to September 11 , 1972 .
The BBC operates under a Royal Charter which lasts for a limited period of ten years , after which it is renewed .
Today , it is mostly charities and professional institutions who receive Royal Charters .
Sars-le-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Individual seeds are sometimes chewed , in much the same way as chewing-gum ; it is even used by Wrigley 's -LRB- ` Eclipse Breeze Exotic Mint ' -RRB- in which it states `` with cardamom to neutralize the toughest breath odors '' .
For recipes requiring whole cardamom pods , a generally accepted equivalent is 10 pods equals 1 Â 1\/2 teaspoons of ground cardamom .
Among other species , varieties and cultivars , Amomum villosum cultivated in China , Laos and Vietnam is used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat stomach-aches , constipation , dysentery , and other digestion problems .
`` Tsaoko '' cardamom Amomum tsao-ko is cultivated in Yunnan , China and northwest Vietnam , both for medicinal purposes and as a spice .
There were initially three natural varieties of green cardamom plants .
In the Middle East , green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes as well as traditional flavoring in coffee and tea .
Amomum is used as a spice and as an ingredient in traditional medicine in systems of the traditional Chinese medicine in China , in Ayurveda in India , Pakistan , Japan , Korea and Vietnam .
It has also been known to be used for gin making , and in curries .
Elettaria cardamomum -LRB- the usual type of cardamom -RRB- is used as a spice , a masticatory , and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
In Hebrew , it is called hel -LRB- '' -RRB- .
In Persian , it is also called hel .
Both forms of cardamom are used as flavorings in both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine .
It is often referred to as fat cardamom due to its size -LRB- ` Moti Elaichi ' -RRB- .
Black cardamom is sometimes used in garam masala for curries .
In some Middle Eastern countries , coffee and cardamom are often ground in a wooden mortar , a mihbaj , and cooked together in a skillet , a `` mehmas , '' over wood or gas , to produce mixtures that are as much as forty percent cardamom .
Green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight , but little is needed to impart the flavor .
Cardamom is best stored in pod form because once the seeds are exposed or ground they quickly lose their flavor .
In Gujarati -LRB- a derivative of Sanskrit -RRB- , it is '' Ä ' - lÄ `` - chÄ `` '' .
However , high-quality ground cardamom is often more readily -LRB- and cheaply -RRB- available and is an acceptable substitute .
It is occasionally used as a garnish in basmati rice and other dishes .
Black cardamom has a distinctly more smoky , though not bitter , aroma with a coolness some consider similar to mint .
Union Vale is a residential town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Montfavergier is a former municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
This main page-bullet template deals with a peculiarity of Firefox that prevents word wrap around right-aligned images in the case of bulleted lists .
Axel Heiberg Island has been inhabited in the past by Inuit people , but was uninhabited by the time it was named by Otto Sverdrup , who explored it in 1900-01 .
Other explorers visited the island during the early 20th century , during which time it was claimed by Norway until 1930 .
He named it after Axel Heiberg , financial director of the Norwegian Ringnes brewery which sponsored the expedition .
It is now part of Nunavut Territory , Canada .
Axel Heiberg Island is an island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada . Located in the Arctic Ocean , it is the 31st largest island in the world and Canada 's seventh largest island .
Perles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Kradolf-Sch Ã nenberg is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Year 1966 -LRB- MCMLXVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar .
The name traces back to Plato 's school of philosophy , founded approximately 385 BC at Akademia , a sanctuary of Athena , the goddess of wisdom and skill , north of Athens , Greece .
An academy -LRB- Greek á 1\/4 Î Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î Î -RRB- is an institution of higher learning , research , or honorary membership .
The best cuvettes are as clear as possible , without impurities that might affect a spectroscopic reading .
A cuvette is a small tube of circular or square cross section , sealed at one end , made of plastic , glass , or fused quartz -LRB- for UV light -RRB- and designed to hold samples for spectroscopic experiments .
Like a test tube , a cuvette may be open to the atmosphere on top or have a cap to seal it shut .
Racquinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Hermin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sir Charles Villiers Stanford -LRB- 30 September 1852 -- 29 March 1924 -RRB- was an eminent English-domiciled -LRB- though Irish-born -RRB- composer who was particularly notable for his choral music .
The reports claim that the percentage of nuclear-generated electricity in the overall global energy mix is decreasing .
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report is a yearly report compiled by Mycle Schneider and Antony Froggatt , independent energy consultants , which explores the global challenges facing nuclear power .
The sword is called `` estoque '' and the act of thrusting the sword is called an estocada .
In the final stage , the tercio de muerte -LRB- `` the third of death '' -RRB- , the matador re-enters the ring alone with a small red cape , or muleta , and a sword .
The faena ends with a final series of passes in which the matador with a muleta attempts to maneuver the bull into a position to stab it between the shoulder blades and through the aorta or heart .
The matador uses his cape to attract the bull in a series of passes which serve the dual purpose of wearing the animal down for the kill and producing a beautiful display or faena .
All Gulf States are located in the Southern region of the United States .
These states are Texas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida and are known as the Gulf States .
The Gulf Coast of the United States , sometimes referred to as the Gulf South , South Coast , or 3rd Coast , comprises the coasts of American states that are on the Gulf of Mexico .
The Draft took place live for three hours on WWE 's flagship program , Raw on USA Network .
The 2008 World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- Draft Lottery took place at the AT&T Center in San Antonio , Texas on June 23 , 2008 .
During the announcement , he stated that every WWE Superstar , Diva , and commentator from all three brands , Raw , ECW , and SmackDown , were eligible to be drafted .
The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman Vince McMahon on the May 26 , 2008 episode of Raw .
He married Emma of France , daughter of Robert I of France and BÃ atrice of Vermandois .
Rudolph -LRB- also Radulf , Ralph , or Raoul -RRB- -LRB- c. 890 â `` 14\/15 January 936 -RRB- was the Duke of Burgundy between 921 and 923 and King of Western Francia from thereafter to his death .
Tatsuya Murata -LRB- born 8 August 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Martinpuich is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Vande Mataram was rejected on the grounds that Muslims , Christians , Parsis , Sikhs , Arya Samajis and others who opposed idol worship felt offended by its depiction of the nation as `` Mother Durga '' , a Hindu goddess . Muslims also felt that its origin as part of Anandamatha , a novel they felt had an anti-Muslim message .
Vande Mataram -LRB- Bengali script : ; Devanagari : à à à à à à à 3\/4 à
à à à ; ' `` I bow to thee , Mother '' -RRB- is a poem in the 1882 novel Anandamatha by Bankimchandra Chattopadhyay .
Muslim institutions in general , see Vande Mataram in a negative light . Though a number of Muslim organizations and individuals have opposed Vande Mataram being used as a `` national song '' of India , citing many religious reasons , some Muslim personalities have admired and even praised Vande Mataram as the `` National Song of India '' .
Especially in parliamentary systems of government , Heads of state often act on the basis of advice issued by prime ministers or other government ministers .
For example , Queen Elizabeth II formally appoints her British ministers on the advice of the British Prime Minister .
Advice , in constitutional law , is formal , usually binding , instruction given by one constitutional officer of state to another .
The little ground squirrel or litle souslik , -LRB- Spermophilus pygmaeus -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family .
The Caucasian mountain ground squirrel , Spermophilus musicus , is now considered to be a separate species .
The Republic of the Gambia , commonly known as The Gambia , or Gambia , is a country in West Africa .
The Gambia is the smallest country on mainland Africa , bordered to the north , east , and south by Senegal , with a short coastline on the Atlantic Ocean in the west .
The Gambia is the smallest country on the continent of Africa .
A blueprint is a type of paper-based reproduction usually of a technical drawing , documenting an architecture or an engineering design .
Thucydides -LRB- c. 460 BC -- c. 395 BC -RRB- -LRB- Greek Î Î Ï
Î Î Î Î Ï , ThoukydÃ dÄ `` s -RRB- was a Greek historian and author from Alimos .
Yasukazu Tanaka -LRB- born June 15 , 1933 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
The album is the band 's most successful to date , achieving diamond status in Canada -LRB- 1,000,000 units sold -RRB- and strong sales in other countries , including platinum status in the U.S. .
Clumsy is the second studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace , released on January 23 , 1997 by Columbia Records .
In 2007 , it ranked # 76 on `` The Top 100 Canadian Albums '' by Bob Mersereau and # 33 on The Top 102 New Rock Albums of All Time by 102.1 The Edge -LRB- in 2009 -RRB- .
Queyrac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Some bass-baritones are baritones , like Friedrich Schorr , George London , James Morris and Bryn Terfel .
Unusually for a bird with such a large range , it has no geographical subspecies if the possibly con-specific Eaton 's Pintail is considered to be a separate species .
It is strongly migratory and winters south of its breeding range to the equator .
The Pintail or Northern Pintail -LRB- Anas acuta -RRB- is a widely occurring duck which breeds in the northern areas of Europe , Asia and North America .
Misery Guts was an Australian children 's television series on the Nine Network Australia that first screened in 1998 . The series is based on the book by Morris Gleitzman .
Designers seek to imitate the flapping-wing flight of birds , bats , and insects .
An ornithopter -LRB- from Greek ornithos `` bird '' and pteron `` wing '' -RRB- is an aircraft that flies by flapping its wings .
Though machines may differ in form , they are usually built on the same scale as these flying creatures .
Manned ornithopters have also been built , and some have been successful .
The machines are of two general types : those with engines , and those powered by the muscles of the pilot .
Most of the winners in 1900 did not receive medals , but were given cups or trophies .
The 1900 Summer Olympics , today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad , was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris , France .
No opening or closing ceremonies were held ; competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28 .
Women took part in the games for the first time and Charlotte Cooper became the first female Olympic champion .
The Games were held as part of the 1900 World 's Fair .
The decision to hold competitions on a Sunday brought protests from many American athletes , who traveled as representatives of their colleges and were expected to withdraw rather than compete on their religious day of rest .
Professionals competed in fencing and Albert Robert Ayat -LRB- France -RRB- , who won the Ã pÃ e for amateurs and masters , was awarded a prize of 3000 francs .
Over a thousand competitors took part in 19 different sports .
The Census Bureau 's legal authority is codified in Title 13 of the United States Code .
The Census Bureau is headed by a Director , assisted by a Deputy Director and an Executive Staff composed of the associate directors .
The Census Bureau has had headquarters in Suitland , Maryland since 1942 .
The Bureau operates regional offices in 12 cities : Boston , New York City , Philadelphia , Detroit , Chicago , Kansas City , Seattle , Charlotte , Atlanta , Dallas , Denver , and Los Angeles .
The United States Census Bureau -LRB- officially the Bureau of the Census , as defined in Title -RRB- is the government agency that is responsible for the United States Census .
Since 1903 , the official census-taking agency of the United States government has been the Bureau of the Census .
As part of the United States Department of Commerce , the Census Bureau serves as a leading source of data about America 's people and economy .
The United States Census Bureau has four official regions , with nine official divisions .
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard was born on March 13 , 1911 , in Tilden , Nebraska . He was the only child of Harry Ross Hubbard , a former United States Navy sailor , and Ledora May Waterbury , who had originally trained as a teacher .
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard -LRB- March 13 , 1911 - January 24 , 1986 -RRB- , better known as L. Ron Hubbard -LRB- and often referred to by his initials , LRH -RRB- , was an American pulp fiction author and religious leader who founded the Church of Scientology .
Hubbard 's presence still pervades Scientology .
A psychrometer is a device that measures relative humidity .
Michiyasu Osada -LRB- born 5 March 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Peter Bernard Luccin -LRB- born 9 April 1979 in Marseille -RRB- is a French footballer .
The British Army is the land warfare branch of Her Majesty 's Armed Forces in the United Kingdom .
The new British Army incorporated Regiments that had already existed in England and Scotland and was administered by the War Office from London .
The British Army was heavily involved in the Napoleonic Wars in which the army served in multiple campaigns across Europe -LRB- including continuous deployment in the Peninsular War -RRB- , the Caribbean , North Africa and later in North America .
Although the Royal Navy is widely regarded as having been vital for the rise of the British Empire , and British dominance of the world , the British Army played an important role in the colonisation of India and other regions .
The British Empire expanded in this time to include colonies , protectorates , and Dominions throughout the Americas , Africa , Asia and Australasia .
It has been managed by the Ministry of Defense since 1963 .
It came into being with the unification of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland into the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 .
Stephen William Bragg -LRB- born 20 December 1957 -RRB- , better known as Billy Bragg , is an English alternative rock musician and left wing activist .
Fruges is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Strike action , also called labor strike , on strike , greve -LRB- of French : grÃ ve -RRB- , or simply strike , is a work stoppage caused by the mass refusal of employees to work . A strike usually takes place in response to employee grievances .
In 1917 , the Mexican Constitution was the first national constitution that constitutionally guaranteed the right to strike .
A sympathy strike is , in a way , a small scale version of a general strike in which one group of workers refuses to cross a picket line established by another as a means of supporting the striking workers .
Strikes became important during the industrial revolution , when mass labor became important in factories and mines .
Andre Luiz de Souza Silva or simply known as Biju -LRB- born September 17 , 1974 in Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Zweigen Kanazawa in Japan 's semi-professional Japan Football League .
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It broadcasts news and information on shortwave , Internet and satellite radio in 30 languages -LRB- DW Radio -RRB- .
Deutsche Welle , which in English means `` German Wave '' , is similar to international broadcasters such as the BBC World Service , Radio Canada International , Radio Free Europe and Radio France Internationale .
Deutsche Welle -LRB- , with a -LRB- v -RRB- sound -RRB- or DW , is Germany 's international broadcaster .
It has a satellite television service -LRB- DW-TV -RRB- , that is available in four languages , and there is also an online news site .
The tabasco pepper is a variety of chili pepper species Capsicum frutescens .
It is best known through its use in Tabasco sauce , followed by peppered vinegar .
In 2006 , Dunin published a book of 600 exercises in classical cryptography , which was published in the United States as The Mammoth Book of Secret Codes and Cryptograms , and in the UK as The Mammoth Book of Secret Code Puzzles .
Beaumont-sur-Sarthe , also known as Beaumont-le-Vicomte , is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
It is the successor to the Nintendo 64 game Super Smash Bros. , and the predecessor to the Wii game Super Smash Bros. .
At the pre-E3 conference of 2005 , Nintendo announced Melee 's sequel , Super Smash Bros. .
Super Smash Bros. .
The longitude of the ascending node -LRB- â or Î -RRB- is one of the orbital elements used to specify the orbit of an object in space .
It is the angle from a reference direction , called the origin of longitude , to the direction of the ascending node , measured in a reference plane .
Marcelo de Mattos Terra or simply Marcelo Mattos -LRB- born 10 February 1984 in IndiaporÃ # , SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian football defensive midfielder .
Interest in taking photographs soon followed .
Joao Costa , the head of the Mozambican Photographic Association -LRB- AMF -RRB- , spoke of Rangel saying , `` the man has died , but his work remains '' .
He next became the head photographer at the LourenÃ o Marques daily newspaper A Tribuna , from 1960 until 1964 .
The movie Ricardo Rangel â `` Hot Iron , the director Licinio de Azevedo is a film designed the Instituto CamÃ es in Luanda as part of the cycle CPLP Film Festival which takes place in the Angolan capital of the 10th day September 16 , 2009 .
Rangel also founded the Mozambican Photography Association , serving as the organization 's first chairman .
Rangel died in his sleep at his home in Maputo , Mozambique , on June 11 , 2009 , at the age of 85 .
Many of Rangel 's colonial era photographs were banned or destroyed by Portuguese government censors , and could not be published or exhibited until Mozambique 's independence in 1975 .
Rangel 's photography career began during the early 1940s by developing pictures in a private studio .
His father was a Greek businessman and Rangel was of African , European and Chinese descent .
Rangel moved to Noticias de Tardes sister publication , NotÃ cias , in 1956 .
Rangel was hired as the first non-white employee to join the Mozambican newspaper Noticias de Tarde in 1952 , where he worked as a photographer .
Rangel became the first director of the weekly Mozambican publication Domingo in 1981 .
Prime Minister Luisa Diogo praised Rangel 's life and career at his funeral , noting that Rangel left `` an indelible mark on the history of Mozambique . ''
He was later bestowed the title of Life President by members of the association and remained the aaosciation 's
Ricardo Rangel , photographer , 80 years , is the living symbol of the generation that in the late 40 started the first complaints against the colonial situation .
Rangel began showing his work in European and African art galleries and museums beginning in 1983 .
Organized by the embassies of the CPLP countries accredited in Angola , the cycle includes the display of five films of Portugal , Brazil , Cabo Verde , Mozambique and Angola second source of Embassy of Mozambique in Luanda , contacted by AIM in Lisbon .
Ricardo Achiles Rangel -LRB- February 15 , 1924 - June 11 , 2009 -RRB- was a Mozambican photojournalist and photographer .
He was appointed the chief photographer of Noticias in 1977 , after most other photojournalists had left the country following Mozambique 's independence .
The film , lasting 52 minutes , is a documentary 80 years of Ricardo Rangel , 60 of which were dedicated to photography , directed by Licinio de Azevedo and co-produced by Camilo de Sousa and Ebano MultimÃ dia .
In 2008 , Rangel was awarded an honorary doctorate in social science for his `` contribution to Mozambican culture '' from Eduardo Mondlane University , which is Mozambique 's oldest and largest university .
Rangel was born in the city of LourenÃ o Marques , now known as Maputo , Portuguese East Africa in February 1924 .
In this movie , Richard takes us on his life and work , where the city of Maputo , the bohemian and jazz have a special place
He returned to the city of LourenÃ o Marques during the late 1960s and returned to NotÃ cias .
He went on to found the Photographic Training Centre , school for photography , in Maputo in 1983 and remained the center 's director until his death in 2009 .
Rangel moved to the city of Beira during the mid-1960s .
From then until the end of civil war after independence , Ricardo photographed 60 years of history of Mozambique .
She also praised Rangel 's colony era work which was used `` to denounce colonial dictatorship '' , and pointed out that many of Rangel 's photographs had been banned until Mozambique 's independence .
Additionally , Rangel was elected to the Maputo Municipal Assembly from 1998 to 2003 as a member of the Juntos Pela Cidade -LRB- Together for the City -RRB- .
Rangel worked as Tempos main photojournalist , often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication .
It was filmed and completed a few months before the death of Rangel , on June 11 , 2009
Rangel took an active role in training new Mozambican photographers throughout the post-independence era and Mozambican Civil War .
Rangel joined with four other Mozambican journalists in 1970 to found a weekly magazine called Tempo , which in effect acted as the only publication in opposition to Portuguese rule .
Rangel 's funeral , which was held at Maputo City Hall on June 15 , 2009 , was attended by several dignitaries , including Prime Minister Luisa Diogo .
Mozambique gained independence from Portugal in 1975 .
He became a frequent target of the Portuguese secret police , the PIDE .
He worked as a photographer for several Beira-based newspapers including DiÃ rio de MoÃ ambique , Voz Africana and NotÃ cias da Beira .
He was buried in the Lhanguene cemetery in Maputo .
He was survived by his Swiss wife , Beatrice .
Jazz music was played at the funeral according to his wishes , as Rangel was a fan of jazz .
While photographing the city of the settlers , Ricardo showed the inhumanity and cruelty of colonialism .
Rangel was raised by his African grandmother in the impoverished suburbs surrounding LourenÃ o Marques , while he visited his parents in the outlying provinces .
Additionally , Tempo was also Mozambique 's first full color magazine .
Homotopy equivalence is important because in algebraic topology many concepts are homotopy invariant , that is , they respect the relation of homotopy equivalence . For example , if X and Y are homotopy equivalent spaces , then :
At different times in his life , Jeong adopted a wide variety of ho , or pen names .
He supervised the construction of Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon in the early 1792 .
The most well-known of these , Dasan , means `` tea mountain . ''
After his death , the King bestowed on Jeong the posthumous name Mundo -LRB- ë ë \/ æ -- å -RRB- .
Other pen names of his include Sammi -LRB- ì 1\/4 ë \/ ä ç -RRB- , Yeoyudang -LRB- ì -- ì ë \/ è ç å -RRB- , Saam -LRB- ì ì '' \/ ä è -RRB- , Jahadoin -LRB- ì í ë ì \/ ç `` é é `` ä -RRB- , Tagong -LRB- í ì \/ ç ç -RRB- , Taesu -LRB- í ì \/ è '' å -RRB- , Munamirin -LRB- ë ì '' ì 1\/4 ì \/ é -- å -- é ä -RRB- , and Cheolmasancho -LRB- ì ë ì ì \/ é é å æ -RRB- .
Jeong was born , and also ended his days , in modern-day Namyangju , Gyeonggi province .
This opened his eyes to the scale of official misconduct , and may have inspired much of his later writings .
Jeong Yak-yong and his brothers were also among the earliest Korean converts to Roman Catholicism .
He has been usually regarded as one of the greatest thinkers in so-called `` Practical Learning '' -LRB- Silhak -RRB- movement .
Mun refers to writing or literature , and do to law .
At birth , his father gave Jeong the courtesy name Gwinong , -LRB- ê ë \/ æ è 3\/4 -RRB- , which means `` returning to the land . ''
Jeong adopted it while in internal exile near a mountain of the same name , in Gangjin County , on the coast of South Jeolla province .
Jeong Yak-yong -LRB- 1762 â `` 1836 , styled Dasan -RRB- was a leading Korean philosopher in the late Joseon Dynasty .
In 1794 , he served as secret royal inspector -LRB- ì '' í -- ì -- ì -RRB- of Gyeonggi province , investigating misconduct by other officials .
Nuno Miguel Soares Pereira Ribeiro -LRB- born 5 July 1976 -RRB- , commonly known as Nuno Gomes , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sport Lisboa e Benfica in the Portuguese first division , as a striker .
Alexandertorte , also known as Alexander Torte or Aleksander Torte , is a Latvian dessert . It consists of pastry strips filled with raspberry preserves .
The Small White -LRB- Pieris rapae -RRB- is a small - to medium-sized butterfly species of the Yellows-and-Whites family Pieridae .
Its underwings are yellowish with black speckles .
The eggs are laid singularly on foodplant leaves .
Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages , kale , radish , broccoli , and horseradish but it will readily lay eggs on wild members of the cabbage family such as Charlock Sinapis arvensis and Hedge mustard Sisybrium officinale .
Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings .
The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings .
In appearance it looks like a smaller version of the Large White .
It is widespread across Europe , North Africa and Asia and has also been accidentally introduced to North America , Australia and New Zealand where they have become pests on cultivated cabbages and other mustard family crops .
In Britain , it has two flight periods , Aprilâ `` May and Julyâ `` August , but is continuously-brooded in North America , being one of the first butterflies to emerge from the chrysalis in spring , flying until hard freeze in the fall .
It is also commonly known as the Small Cabbage White and in New Zealand simply as white butterfly . The names `` Cabbage Butterfly '' and `` Cabbage White '' can also refer to the Large White .
Southeast Alaska , sometimes referred to as the Alaska Panhandle , is the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Alaska , which lies west of the northern half of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
The majority of Southeast Alaska 's area is part of the Tongass National Forest , the United States ' largest national forest .
The region is noted for its mild rainy climate and beautiful scenery .
The most common tree species are sitka spruce and western hemlock .
Due to the extremely rugged , mountainous nature of Southeastern Alaska , almost all communities -LRB- with the exception of Hyder , Skagway , and Haines -RRB- have no road connections outside of their locale , so aircraft and boats are the major means of transport .
The Alaska Marine Highway passes through this region .
Other towns are Petersburg , Wrangell , Metlakatla , Haines , Hoonah , Angoon , Kake , Craig , Klawock , Yakutat , Skagway , and Gustavus .
The 2000 census population of Southeast was 72,954 inhabitants , about 42 percent of whom were concentrated in the city of Juneau .
Major cities are Juneau , Ketchikan , and Sitka .
Although it has only 6.14 percent of Alaska 's land area , it is larger than the state of Maine , and almost as large as the state of Indiana .
Wildlife includes brown bears , black bears , wolves , Sitka deer , humpback whales , orcas , five species of salmon , bald eagles , harlequin ducks , scoters , and marbled murrelets .
This was an important travel corridor for native canoeists , as well as gold-rush steam ships , and in modern times is an important route for ferries and cruise ships .
On August 20 , 1902 , President Theodore Roosevelt established the Alexander Archipelago Forest Reserve , which formed the heart of the Tongass National Forest that covers most of the region .
Southeast Alaska is a temperate rain forest within the Pacific temperate rain forest zone , as classified by the World Wildlife Fund 's ecoregion system , which extends from northern California to Prince William Sound .
hr Ovi korisnici govore hrvatski kao materinji jezik .
These users are native speakers of Croatian .
Pitta was selected by the Baltimore Ravens in the fourth round -LRB- 114th overall -RRB- of the 2010 NFL Draft .
Dennis Pitta -LRB- born June 29 , 1985 -RRB- is an American football tight end for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
A sequel to this game , PQ2 : Practical Intelligence Quotient 2 , has been released .
The North Atlantic oscillation -LRB- NAO -RRB- is a climatic phenomenon in the North Atlantic Ocean of fluctuations in the difference of atmospheric pressure at sea level between the Icelandic low and the Azores high .
Through east-west oscillation motions of the Icelandic low and the Azores high , it controls the strength and direction of westerly winds and storm tracks across the North Atlantic .
Makoto Yonekura -LRB- born 28 December 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
As in many families at the time , Wesley 's parents gave their children their early education .
In 1696 Wesley 's father was appointed the rector of Epworth .
In 1714 , at age 11 , Wesley was sent to the Charterhouse School in London -LRB- under the mastership of John King from 1715 -RRB- , where he lived the studious , methodical and -- for a while -- religious life in which he had been trained at home .
At the age of five , Wesley was rescued from the burning rectory .
This escape made a deep impression on his mind , and he regarded himself as providentially set apart , as a `` brand plucked from the burning '' quoting Zechariah 3:2 .
He formed societies , opened chapels , examined and commissioned preachers , administered aid charities , prescribed for the sick , helped to pioneer the use of electric shock for the treatment of illness , superintended schools and orphanages , and received at least Â # 20,000 for his publications but used little of it for himself .
Each child , including the girls , was taught to read as soon as they could walk and talk .
In 1689 Samuel had married Susanna Annesley , twenty-fifth child of Dr. Samuel Annesley , a Dissenter pastor .
John Wesley was born in 1703 in Epworth , 23 miles -LRB- 37 km -RRB- northwest of Lincoln , England , the fifteenth child of Samuel Wesley and his wife Susannh Annesley . His father was a graduate of the University of Oxford and a Church of England rector .
Lynn Nolan Ryan , Jr. -LRB- born on January 31 , 1947 -RRB- , nicknamed `` The Ryan Express '' , is a former Major League Baseball pitcher .
Sandwich is a city in DeKalb , Kendall , and LaSalle counties in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Ã vosges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Bayas is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
It is a composite number , its proper divisors being 1 , 2 , 4 , 7 , and 14 .
Clarence Clifton Young -LRB- born November 7 , 1922 -RRB- was a United States congressman from Nevada .
Tatsuya Ishikawa ç å ç `` ä -LRB- born December 25 , 1979 in Fujieda , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Ishikawa plays for Montedio Yamagata in the J. League .
Nairobi National Park is a national park in Kenya .
Joel Norman Quenneville -LRB- born September 15 , 1958 in Windsor , Ontario -RRB- is the head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks professional ice hockey team .
Revolution Studios was an American film production company founded in 2000 by Joe Roth , a former chairman of Walt Disney Studios and 20th Century Fox .
Street furniture is a collective term for objects and pieces of equipment installed on streets and roads for various purposes , including traffic barriers , benches , bollards , post boxes , phone boxes , streetlamps , traffic lights , traffic signs , bus stops , grit bins , tram stops , taxi stands , public lavatories , fountains , watering troughs and memorials , and waste receptacles .
An important consideration in the design of street furniture is how it affects road safety .
Croats are a South Slavic ethnic group mostly living in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries .
There are around 4 million Croats living inside Croatia and up to 4.5 million throughout the rest of the world .
Croats are noted for their culture , which throughout the ages , has been variously influenced by different cultural circles .
The Croats are predominantly Catholic and their language is Croatian .
Large Croat communities exists in The United States , Chile , Argentina , Germany , Austria , Australia , Canada , Serbia , New Zealand and South Africa .
The following is a list of clubs who have played in the Premier League at any time since its formation in 1992 to the current season .
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
A total of 44 teams have played in the Premier League .
Premier League teams playing in the 2010 â `` 11 Premier League season are indicated in bold .
Moon died at the age of 32 in 1978 , after which the band released two studio albums , the UK and US top five Face Dances -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and the US top ten It 's Hard -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , with drummer Kenney Jones , before disbanding in 1983 .
In 1990 , their first year of eligibility , The Who were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by U2 , Bono saying , `` More than any other band , The Who are our role models . ''
In 2000 , the three surviving original members discussed recording an album of new material , but their plans temporarily stalled upon Entwistle 's death at the age of 57 in 2002 .
They re-formed at events such as Live Aid and for reunion tours such as their 25th anniversary tour -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and the Quadrophenia tours of 1996 and 1997 .
Raw , unbaked yatsuhashi -LRB- Nama yatsuhashi -RRB- has a soft , mochi-like texture and is often eaten wrapped around red bean paste , and may come in a variety of different flavors .
It is made from glutinous rice flour , sugar and cinnamon .
Yatsuhashi is a Japanese confectionery sold mainly as a souvenir sweet -LRB- miyagegashi -RRB- .
Ã rsted was a published writer and poet .
Hans Christian Ã rsted -LRB- often rendered Oersted in English ; 14 August 1777 9 March 1851 -RRB- was a Danish physicist and chemist who discovered that electric currents create magnetic fields , an important aspect of electromagnetism .
His poetry series Luftskibet -LRB- `` The Airship '' -RRB- was inspired by the balloon flights of fellow physicist and stage magician Ã tienne-Gaspard Robert .
Brixton tube station , a station on the London Underground opened on July 23 , 1971 , is the southern terminus of the Victoria line .
George Delmetia Beauchamp -LRB- March 18 , 1899 -- March 30 , 1941 -RRB- was an inventor of musical instruments and a co-founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker guitars .
Born in Coleman County , Texas , Beauchamp performed in vaudeville , playing the violin and the lap steel guitar , before he settled in Los Angeles , California . During the 1920s , he experimented with the creation of electric lap steel guitars , electric guitars , electric bass guitars , electric violins , and instrument amplifiers .
Zack is from a family of writers : he is the son of screenwriter Tom Whedon , grandson of screenwriter John Whedon , and the brother of screenwriter\/musician Jed Whedon and producer\/director\/writer Joss Whedon .
He graduated in 2002 with a film degree from Wesleyan University where he served as president of the Eclectic Society .
Gambino was known for being low-key and secretive . Gambino served 22 months in prison -LRB- 1938 â `` 39 -RRB- , and lived to the age of 74 , when he died of a heart attack in bed , `` In a state of grace '' , according to a priest who had given him the Last Rites of the Catholic Church .
After the 1957 Apalachin Convention he unexpectedly seized control of the Commission of La Cosa Nostra in the US .
Carlo `` Don Carlo '' Gambino , -LRB- August 24 , 1902 - October 15 , 1976 -RRB- was a mafioso who became boss of the Gambino crime family , that still bears his name today .
Mulhal Mughlan is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
He was the son of a silk manufacturer at Lyon , where he was born , originally intended to follow his father 's business ; but having in 1792 served as volunteer in the cavalry of the national guard at Lyons , he manifested military abilities which secured his rapid promotion .
He died near Marseille on 3 January 1826 .
Louis Gabriel Suchet , 1st Duc d'Albufera -LRB- 2 March 1770 -- 3 January 1826 -RRB- was a Marshal of France and one of Napoleon 's most brilliant generals .
In 1812 he captured Valencia , for which he was rewarded with the ducal victory title -LRB- honorary , not attached to an actual fief -RRB- of duc d'Albufera da Valencia in 1813 .
As chef de bataillon he was present at the Siege of Toulon in 1793 , where he took General O'Hara prisoner .
Honorine Anthoine de Saint-Joseph -LRB- Marseille , 26 February 1790 -- Paris , 13 April 1884 -RRB- , a niece of Julie Clary , the wife of Joseph Bonaparte , by whom he had issue , and soon afterwards was ordered to Spain .
Beaten by the Spanish at AlcaÃ iz , he sprung back and soundly defeated the army of Blake at MarÃ a on 14 June 1809 , and on 22 April 1810 defeated Henry Joseph O'Donnell , Count of La Bisbal at Lleida .
He obtained the title of count on 19 March 1808 , married on 16 November of the same year Mlle .
In the campaigns of 1805 and 1806 he greatly enhanced his reputation at Austerlitz , Saalfeld , Jena , PuÅ tusk and Ostrolenka .
Here , after taking part in the Siege of Saragossa , he was named commander of the army of Aragon and governor of that region , which he by wise , unlike that of most of the French generals , and adriot administration no less than by his brilliant valor , in two years brought into complete submission .
He was made marshal of France -LRB- 8 July 1811 -RRB- .
The restored Bourbon king Louis XVIII made him a peer of France on 4 June , with a seat in the upper house , but , having commanded one of Napoleon 's armies on the Alpine frontier during the Hundred Days , he was deprived of his peerage on 24 July 1815 .
The discus throw is the subject of a number of well-known ancient Greek statues and Roman copies such as the Discobolus and Discophoros .
She was one of the designers who took credit for inventing the miniskirt and hot pants .
In addition to the miniskirt , Mary Quant is often credited with inventing the colored and patterned tights that tended to accompany the garment , although these are also attributed to Cristobal Balenciaga or John Bates .
In November 1955 , she teamed up with Plunkett-Green , and a former solicitor , Archie McNair , to open a clothes shop on the King 's Road in London called Bazaar .
In the late 1960s , Quant popularized hot pants , becoming a British fashion icon .
Quant named the miniskirt after her favorite make of car , the Mini .
Mary Quant OBE FCSD -LRB- born 11 February 1934 -RRB- is a Welsh fashion designer and British fashion icon , who was instrumental in the mod fashion movement .
Bazaar 's best sellers were small white plastic collars to brighten up black dresses or t-shirts .
Through the 1970s and 1980s she concentrated on household goods and make-up , rather than just her clothing lines .
She loved the car so much , she had one designed especially for her .
In 2000 , she resigned as director of Mary Quant Ltd. , her cosmetics company , after a Japanese buy-out .
At a talk at the Victoria & Albert Museum in 2007 she claimed to have invented duvet covers .
Skirts had been getting shorter since about 1958 â `` a development Mary Quant considered to be practical and liberating , allowing women the ability to run for a bus .
The miniskirt , which she is arguably most famous for , became one of the defining fashions of the 1960s .
Like most fashion , the short - and ever-shorter skirt was evolving already among individual fashion-minded young women : The designers who adapted it just helped spread the style and , in Quant 's case , gave it a name .
There are over 200 Mary Quant Colour shops in Japan , where Quant fashions continue to enjoy more popularity .
The miniskirt was developed separately by AndrÃ CourrÃ ges and John Bates , and there is disagreement as to who came up with the idea first .
She is also a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers , and winner of the Minerva Medal , the Society 's highest award .
Black stretch stockings were also popular .
It figures in the tale of Jason and his band of Argonauts , who set out on a quest by order of King Pelias for the fleece in order to place Jason rightfully on the throne of Iolcus in Thessaly .
Another , much less-known Argonautica , using the same body of myth , was composed in Latin by Valerius Flaccus during the time of Vespasian .
Thus , in later versions of the story the ram is said to have been the offspring of the sea god Poseidon and Themisto -LRB- less often , Nephele or Theophane -RRB- .
The classic telling is the Argonautica of Apollonius of Rhodes , composed in mid-third century BC Alexandria , recasting early sources that have not survived .
The story is of great antiquity â `` it was current in the time of Homer -LRB- eighth century BC -RRB- â `` and consequently it survives in various forms , among which details vary .
Walker Percy -LRB- May 28 , 1916 -- May 10 , 1990 -RRB- was an American Southern author whose interests included philosophy and semiotics .
A soufflÃ is a light baked cake made with egg yolks and beaten egg whites combined with various other ingredients and served as a savoury main dish or sweetened as a dessert . The word soufflÃ is the past participle of the French verb souffler which means `` to blow up '' or more loosely `` puff up '' -- an apt description of what happens to this combination of custard and egg whites .
Aitor LÃ pez Rekarte -LRB- born 18 August 1975 in MondragÃ n , Basque Country -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer .
Metropolitan counties have no county councils and are divided into metropolitan districts whose councils have either the status of City Council or Metropolitan Borough Council .
The Linux kernel itself was 2.4 million lines of code , or 8 % of the total .
The primary difference between Linux and many other popular contemporary operating systems is that the Linux kernel and other components are free and open source software .
Slightly over half of all lines of code were licensed under the GPL .
Linux distributions are also commonly used as operating systems for supercomputers : As of 2010 , out of the top 500 systems , 459 -LRB- 91.8 % -RRB- run a Linux distribution .
Most of the code -LRB- 71 % -RRB- was written in the C programming language , but many other languages were used , including C + + , assembly language , Perl , Python , Fortran , and various shell scripting languages .
Torvalds began the development of the Linux kernel on MINIX , and applications written for MINIX were also used on Linux .
Code licensed under the GNU GPL can be used in other projects , so long as they also are released under the same or a compatible license . In order to make the Linux available for commercial use , Torvalds initiated a switch from his original license -LRB- which prohibited commercial redistribution -RRB- to the GNU GPL .
CrossOver is a proprietary solution based on the open source Wine project that supports running Windows versions of Microsoft Office , Intuit applications such as Quicken and QuickBooks , Adobe Photoshop versions through CS2 , and many popular games such as World of Warcraft and Team Fortress 2 .
Other key components of a software system may use other licenses ; many libraries use the GNU Lesser General Public License -LRB- LGPL -RRB- , a more permissive variant of the GPL , and the X.org implementation of the X Window System uses the MIT License .
A 2001 study of Red Hat Linux 7.1 found that this distribution contained 30 million source lines of code .
According to the study , if all this software had been developed by conventional proprietary means , it would have cost about $ -LRB- US dollars -RRB- to develop in the United States .
Using the Constructive Cost Model , the study estimated that this distribution required about eight thousand man-years of development time .
Developers worked to integrate GNU components with Linux to make a fully functional and free operating system .
Linux and most GNU software are licensed under the GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- .
The GPL requires that anyone who distributes Linux must make the source code -LRB- and any modifications -RRB- available to the recipient under the same terms .
He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Giants in Super Bowl XLII .
Amani Toomer -LRB- born September 8 , 1974 in Berkeley , California -RRB- is a retired American football wide receiver who played at the National Football League .
In practice , the mean time between failures -LRB- MTBF , 1 \/ Î '' -RRB- is often used instead of the failure rate .
For example , an automobile 's failure rate in its fifth year of service may be many times greater than its failure rate during its first year of service . One does not expect to replace an exhaust pipe , overhaul the brakes , or have major transmission problems in a new vehicle .
A similar ratio used in the transport industries , especially in railways and trucking is ` mean distance between failures ' , a variation which attempts to correlate actual loaded distances to similar reliability needs and practices .
It is often denoted by the Greek letter Î '' -LRB- lambda -RRB- and is important in reliability engineering .
The failure rate of a system usually depends on time , with the rate varying over the life cycle of the system .
In special processes called renewal processes , where the time to recover from failure can be neglected and the likelihood of failure remains constant with respect to time , the failure rate is simply the multiplicative inverse of the MTBF -LRB- 1 \/ Î '' -RRB- .
Failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails , expressed for example in failures per hour .
Cradle 2 the Grave is a 2003 American action film directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak featuring martial artist Jet Li and rapper DMX .
I once was lost , but now am found , Was blind but now I see .
How sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me .
The company was founded in 1986 by Pleasant Rowland , and its products were originally purchasable by mail order only . In 1998 , Pleasant Company became a subsidiary of Mattel .
The Chevrolet and GMC G-Series vans were made by General Motors for North America .
Noritada Saneyoshi -LRB- born 19 October , 1972 in Minamiuwa District , Ehime -RRB- is a Japanese former professional football player who spent his entire senior career at Gamba Osaka .
Social gerontologists may have degrees or training in social work , nursing , psychology , sociology , demography , gerontology , or other social science disciplines .
Most `` life extensionists '' believe the human life span can be altered within the next century , if not sooner .
Gerontology -LRB- from Greek : Î Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 , geron , `` old man '' and - Î '' Î Î Î Î , - logy , `` study of '' -RRB- is the study of the social , psychological and biological aspects of aging .
It is distinguished from geriatrics , which is the branch of medicine that studies the diseases of the elderly .
Biomedical gerontology , also known as experimental gerontology and life extension , is a sub discipline of biogerontology that endeavors to slow , prevent , and even reverse aging in both humans and animals .
Curing age-related diseases is one approach , and slowing down the underlying processes of aging is another .
Social gerontology is a multi-disciplinary sub-field that specializes in studying or working with older adults .
Social gerontologists are responsible for educating , researching , and advancing the broader causes of older people by giving informative presentations , publishing books and articles that pertain to the aging population , producing relevant films and television programs , and producing new graduates of these various disciplines in college and university settings .
Wissignicourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Briarwood is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Remember that signatures are not substituted in the block reason field .
Important : Only use sig = ~ ~ ~ ~ if you wish to sign the default blocking notice when used on a talk page .
You are encouraged to use this template as a blocking reason whenever you are blocking a shared educational IP .
As this template is rather large , it is preferable that we do not have it displayed multiple times simultaneously for each talk page .
For blocks shorter than 3 months , it is recommended that you do not duplicate this notice on a blocked IP 's talk page and instead use other user block templates to provide immediate notification to the vandal of the block .
This template was designed especially for use as a block reason as readers frequently attempt to email us before they even read their IP address 's talk page .
Recommendations : Do not subst : this template as contact details may change in the future .
Notre-Dame-de-Livaye is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
It soon spread to conservatives among the Baptists and other denominations around 1910-1920 .
The term `` fundamentalism '' has its roots in the Niagara Bible Conference -LRB- 1878 â `` 1897 -RRB- which defined those tenets it considered fundamental to Christian belief .
The movement 's purpose was to reaffirm key theological tenets and zealously defend them against the challenges of liberal theology and higher criticism .
The term was popularized by the `` The Fundamentals '' , a collection of twelve books on five subjects published in 1910 and funded by Milton and Lyman Stewart This series of essays came to be representative of the `` Fundamentalist-Modernist Controversy '' which appeared late in the 19th century within some Protestant denominations in the United States , and continued in earnest through the 1920s .
Fundamentalism as a movement arose in the United States , starting among conservative Presbyterian theologians at Princeton Theological Seminary in the late 19th century .
Jamshoro -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ø Ù
It is located on the right bank of Indus River , approximately 18 kilometres north-west of the city of Hyderabad and 150 kilometres north-east from the provincial capital Karachi .
Ø Ù Ø Ù -RRB- is a city in Jamshoro District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Metroid , Metroid II : Return of Samus , Super Metroid , Metroid Fusion , and Metroid : Zero Mission were all developed by Nintendo 's internal R&D 1 section .
Rouvroy-sur-Serre is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It was included on Bedingfield 's second North American album Pocketful of Sunshine -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
`` Love Like This '' is a pop\/R & B song performed by Natasha Bedingfield featuring Sean Kingston .
McIntire is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
Originally a two-year teacher 's college when opened in 1913 , Minot State became a university in 1987 .
Minot is also home to Minot State University , the third largest university in the state .
Fumie Suguri is a Japanese figure skater .
Her younger sister , Chika Suguri , is also a figure skater .
She is a five-time Japanese National Champion , a three-time World Championship medalist , a three-time Four Continents Champion and the 2003-2004 Grand Prix Final Champion .
Osborne House is a former royal residence in East Cowes , Isle of Wight , UK .
Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert bought Osborne House on the Isle of Wight in October 1845 .
The setting of the existing three storey Georgian house appealed to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert ; in particular , the views of the Solent reminded Albert of the Bay of Naples in Italy . It soon became obvious that it was too small for their needs .
The house was built between 1845 and 1851 for Queen Victoria and Prince Albert as a summer home and rural retreat .
Igbo is an official language of Nigeria and is also spoken natively in Cameroon .
The Fleetwood Weekly News is a weekly newspaper based in Fleetwood , Lancashire , England published every week , on a Wednesday , which covers Fleetwood and North Fylde .
Metropolis Records is a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania based record label , distributor , and mail-order store specializing in the post-industrial field such as electro-industrial , synthpop , futurepop , darkwave , and gothic musical genres .
Many of the bands on Metropolis are signed to European labels for their European releases while releasing albums in North America through Metropolis .
A hydrogen atom is an atom of the chemical element hydrogen . The electrically neutral atom contains a single positively-charged proton and a single negatively-charged electron bound to the nucleus by the Coulomb force .
The most abundant isotope , hydrogen-1 , protium , or light hydrogen , contains no neutrons ; other isotopes of hydrogen , such as deuterium , contain one or more neutrons .
A hydrogen atom is an atom of the chemical element hydrogen .
Aadorf is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Takeshi Okada last the head coach of the Japanese national football team .
One of the most significant logicians of all time , GÃ del made an immense impact upon scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century , a time when many , such as Bertrand Russell , A. N. Whitehead and David Hilbert , were pioneering the use of logic and set theory to understand the foundations of mathematics .
GÃ del is best known for his two incompleteness theorems , published in 1931 when he was 25 years of age , one year after finishing his doctorate at the University of Vienna .
To prove this theorem , GÃ del developed a technique now known as GÃ del numbering , which codes formal expressions as natural numbers .
He also showed that the continuum hypothesis can not be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , if those axioms are consistent .
He made important contributions to proof theory by clarifying the connections between classical logic , intuitionistic logic , and modal logic .
Kurt Friedrich GÃ del -LRB- ; April 28 , 1906 , Brno , Moravia , Austriaâ `` Hungary â `` January 14 , 1978 , Princeton , New Jersey , United States -RRB- was an Austrian logician , mathematician and philosopher .
An album of remixes of tracks from Silent Alarm had also been released at the end of August 2005 in the UK .
In the build up to the release of the album , BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe aired a live set by the band from Maida Vale studios on 30 January 2007 , featuring a mix of old and new songs .
The animated video for `` Pioneers '' , made by the Shoreditch-based Minivegas design agency , was top of the NME video charts for 4 weeks .
A remix of `` Banquet '' by The Streets , as well as a music video for the song , were included in the `` Two More Years '' single .
Bloc Party are a British rock band , composed of Kele Okereke -LRB- lead vocals , rhythm guitar -RRB- , Russell Lissack -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Gordon Moakes -LRB- bass guitar , synths , backing vocals , glockenspiel -RRB- , and Matt Tong -LRB- drums , backing vocals -RRB- .
The song had a similar electronic sound to the previous single , `` Flux '' .
The next single , `` I Still Remember '' , was Bloc Party 's highest charting American single , peaking at number 24 on the Modern Rock Chart .
The band was formed at the 1999 Reading Festival by Okereke and Lissack .
They also played the Glasgow date of MTV2 's and Topman 's `` Gonzo on Tour '' on 19 October 2008 .
Following the digital release of Intimacy , Bloc Party announced that they would embark on a UK tour , their first since December 2007 . In January 2009 , the band formally announced the tour , due to take place in October 2009 , and dubbed `` Bloctober '' .
The first single from the album , `` So Here We Are\/Positive Tension '' , made the top 5 on the UK Top 40 chart .
The band announced the rush-release of Intimacy in a webchat with fans on 18 August 2008 .
It was voted ` Album of the Year ' for 2005 by NME , and reached number 3 on the UK Albums Chart before being certified platinum .
The band has said that the name was not intended to be an allusion to the Soviet Bloc or the Canadian political party Bloc QuÃ bÃ cois .
On 20 August 2008 , the band added further album tracks , `` Signs '' and third single `` One Month Off '' , as well as `` Trojan Horse '' , to their MySpace profile .
However , Moakes said on the group 's official Internet forum that it was more a merging of the eastern `` Blocs '' and the western `` parties '' , in the political sense .
An album of remixes of all tracks on Intimacy , entitled Intimacy Remixed , was released on 11 May 2009 .
The songs were released as single with a B-side , titled `` Two More Years '' , to coincide with the band 's October 2005 UK tour .
They made their live return to the UK on 30 September 2008 with a special gig in London as part of Q Awards : The Gigs .
Further singles `` Banquet '' -LRB- which reached number 13 in NMEs ` Top 50 Singles of 2005 ' -RRB- , `` Helicopter '' , and `` Pioneers '' , whilst failing to repeat this success , still managed to reach the UK top 20 .
The album also reached number 2 on the Australian and Belgian charts , and debuted at number 12 in the Billboard 200 , with 48,000 copies sold .
A similar set followed a week later on 30 August 2008 , when they played a headline set at the Hydro Connect Music Festival in Argyll , Scotland .
He also notes that the name was not explicitly driven by politics , but rather it `` looked , sounded , seemed fine so we went with it . ''
Furthermore , the band played sets at T in the Park and Oxegen 07 that same weekend , as well as Glastonbury and the Reading and Leeds Festivals later in 2007 .
In June 2009 it was announced that a new single , `` One More Chance '' , would be released on 10 August 2009 .
On 20 May 2007 , Bloc Party headlined on the In New Music We Trust stage at the BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend in Preston .
The band 's first gig following the release of A Weekend In The City was on 5 February 2007 , in Reading , and was broadcast live on BBC 6 Music .
During July 2005 , Bloc Party recorded two new tracks with Silent Alarm producer Paul Epworth .
`` Mercury '' , the first single from Bloc Party 's third album Intimacy , was played as an exclusive on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 July 2008 , before being uploaded to the radio station 's website fifteen minutes later .
Bloc Party announced a tour of Australia and New Zealand in August 2007 , which would include a special appearance at the Splendour in the Grass Festival on 5 August .
The buzz generated off the back of the single led to another release , `` Banquet\/Staying Fat '' , this time through Moshi Moshi Records , and to the eventual signing with independent label Wichita Recordings in April 2004 .
After this success , the established electronic group , The Chemical Brothers , soon collaborated with Okereke for `` Believe '' , a track on their Push the Button album .
Bloc Party got their break by giving BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and Franz Ferdinand 's lead singer , Alex Kapranos , a copy of their demo `` She 's Hearing Voices '' .
The tour was also accompanied by a re-issue of Silent Alarm , which included `` Two More Years '' and former single `` Little Thoughts '' as bonus tracks .
`` Trojan Horse '' , a track from the album , was made available to stream exclusively through NME.com .
During the autumn of 2008 , the band went on a short tour of North America , which included an appearance at the Virgin Festival in Toronto on 6 September 2008 , as well as the band 's first ever American college show at Syracuse University .
Moakes joined the band after answering an advert in NME magazine , while Tong was picked via an audition .
They also performed at the UK leg of Live Earth on 7 July 2007 at Wembley Stadium .
On 8 September 2008 , Bloc Party announced that their next single , `` Talons '' would be released on 20 October 2008 .
The band got their break after Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 , and gave a copy of `` She 's Hearing Voices '' to both lead singer Alex Kapranos and BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq .
From this date , the album became available for pre-order , in a variety of formats : a high-quality MP3 digital download to be delivered on 21 August 2008 , and a physical CD release on 27 October 2008 .
Lamacq subsequently played the song on his radio show , labeling the track `` genius '' , and invited them to record a live session for the show .
On 1 February 2007 , A Weekend in the City was made available to listen to for free through the Bloc Party 's official MySpace page .
The album went on to sell more than 350,000 copies in North America and over a million worldwide .
They went through a variety of names before settling on Bloc Party in 2003 .
The first single , `` The Prayer '' , was released on 29 January , and became the band 's highest charting single in the British Top 40 , reaching number 4 .
Robert A. Heinlein in part dedicated his 1982 novel Friday to Cadigan after becoming her friend , following her being the guest liaison to him for the 34th Worldcon in Kansas City .
She emigrated to England with her son Bob Fenner in 1996 , where she is married to her third husband .
Cadigan has won a number of awards , including the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1992 and 1995 for her novels Synners and Fools ; She was a guest speaker at Microcon 28 in 2008 .
Cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980 ; her success as an author encouraged her to become a full-time writer in 1987 .
The Venusian twins had other superpowers , that they would sometimes use to help out Superman , Wonder Woman and other heroes , she said .
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , she also edited the small press fantasy and science fiction magazines Chacal and Shayol with her second husband , Arnie Fenner .
Her novels and short stories all share a common theme of exploring the relationship between the human mind and technology .
Pat Cadigan -LRB- 1953 to present -RRB- is an American born science fiction author , whose work is described as part of the cyberpunk movement .
She was born in Schenectady , New York , and grew up in Fitchburg , Massachusetts .
In the 1960s , Cadigan and a childhood girlfriend `` invented a whole secret life in which we were twins from the planet Venus , '' she told National Public Radio .
The Beatles `` came to us for advice about their songs and how to deal with fame and other important matters , '' Cadigan says .
Following Reamy 's death in 1977 , Cadigan went to work as a writer for Kansas City 's Hallmark Cards .
Cadigan was educated at the University of Massachusetts and the University of Kansas , where she studied with James Gunn , graduating in 1975 .
One of her early stories appeared in Rock On -LRB- 1981 -RRB- .
That same year Cadigan joined the convention committee for MidAmeriCon , the 34th World Science Fiction Convention being held in Kansas City , Missouri over Labor Day weekend 1976 ; she served on the committee as the convention 's guest liaison to writer guest of honor Robert A. Heinlein , while also working for fantasy writer Tom Reamy at his Nickelodeon Graphics typesetting and graphic design firm .
The Russian Nobel laureate biologist Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov , from the Institut Pasteur in Paris , was influenced by Grigorov 's work and hypothesised that regular consumption of yoghurt was responsible for the unusually long lifespans of Bulgarian peasants .
bulgaricus -RRB- .
The brand later expanded to the United States under an Americanised version of the name : Dannon .
His ally Suleiman the Magnificent sent a doctor , who allegedly cured the patient with yoghurt .
In 1905 , he described it as consisting of a spherical and a rod-like lactic acid bacteria .
In the United States , `` yogurt ' '' is the usual spelling and `` yoghurt '' a minor variant .
Yoghurt , yogurt or yogourt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk .
It was introduced to the United States in 1947 , by Dannon .
Yoghurt with added fruit jam was patented in 1933 by the RadlickÃ MlÃ kÃ rna dairy in Prague .
By the late 20th century yoghurt had become a common American food item and Colombo Yogurt was sold in 1993 to General Mills , which discontinued the brand in 2010 .
The milk is first heated to about 80 Â C to kill any undesirable bacteria and to denature the milk proteins so that they set together rather than form curds .
Believing Lactobacillus to be essential for good health , Mechnikov worked to popularize yoghurt as a foodstuff throughout Europe .
Stamen Grigorov -LRB- 1878 â `` 1945 -RRB- , a Bulgarian student of medicine in Geneva , first examined the microflora of the Bulgarian yoghurt .
In 1907 the rod-like bacteria was called Lactobacillus bulgaricus -LRB- now Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp .
Whatever the spelling , the word is usually pronounced with a short o in the UK , with a long o -LRB- \/ Ë joÊ É É rt \/ -RRB- in North America , Australia , Ireland and South Africa , and with either a long or short o in New Zealand .
In the United Kingdom `` yoghurt '' and `` yogurt '' are both current , `` yogurt '' being more common on product labels , and `` yoghourt '' is an uncommon alternative .
Fermentation of lactose by these bacteria produces lactic acid , which acts on milk protein to give yoghurt its texture and its characteristic tang .
Yoghurt 's popularity in the United States was enhanced in the 1950s and 1960s , when it was presented as a health food .
Both texts mention the word `` yoghurt '' in different sections and describe its use by nomadic Turks .
Being grateful , the French king spread around the information about the food which had cured him .
In theory the milk of any mammal could be used to make yoghurt .
The milk is then cooled to about 45 Â C. The bacteria culture is added , and the temperature is maintained for 4 to 7 hours to allow fermentation .
The oldest writings mentioning yoghurt are attributed to Pliny the Elder , who remarked that certain nomadic tribes knew how `` to thicken the milk into a substance with an agreeable acidity '' .
People who are moderately lactose-intolerant can consume yoghurt without ill effects , because much of the lactose in the milk precursor is converted to lactic acid by the bacterial culture .
In Canada , `` yogurt '' is most common among English speakers , but many brands use `` yogourt , '' since it is an acceptable spelling in both official languages .
The bacteria used to make yoghurt are known as `` yoghurt cultures '' .
A study published in the International Journal of Obesity -LRB- 11 January 2005 -RRB- also found that the consumption of low-fat yoghurt can promote weight loss , especially due to the calcium in the yoghurt .
The use of yoghurt by medieval Turks is recorded in the books Diwan Lughat al-Turk by Mahmud Kashgari and Kutadgu Bilig by Yusuf Has Hajib written in the 11th century .
Yoghurt is nutritionally rich in protein , calcium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 .
In English , there are several variations of the spelling of the word . In Australia and New Zealand `` yoghurt '' prevails .
Soya yoghurt , a non-dairy yoghurt alternative , is made from soy milk ; this is not an animal product , being made from soy beans .
An early account of a European encounter with yoghurt occurs in French clinical history : Francis I suffered from a severe diarrhoea which no French doctor could cure .
In 1919 , Carasso , who was from Ottoman Salonika , started a small yoghurt business in Barcelona and named the business Danone -LRB- `` little Daniel '' -RRB- after his son .
Until the 1900s , yoghurt was a staple in diets of people in the Russian Empire -LRB- and especially Central Asia and the Caucasus -RRB- , Western Asia , South Eastern Europe\/Balkans , Central Europe , and India .
It was popularized by John Harvey Kellogg at the Battle Creek Sanitarium , where it was used both orally and in enemas , and later by Armenian immigrants Sarkis and Rose Colombosian , who started `` Colombo and Sons Creamery '' in Andover , Massachusetts in 1929 .
Colombo Yoghurt was originally delivered around New England in a horse-drawn wagon inscribed with the Armenian word `` madzoon '' which was later changed to `` yogurt '' , the Turkish name of the product , as Turkish was the lingua franca between immigrants of the various Near Eastern ethnicities who were the main consumers at that time .
Yoghurt containing live cultures is sometimes used in an attempt to prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea .
Kirby 's Dream Land 2 , known as Hoshi no Kirby 2 in Japan , is a platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console .
The fourth movement , called Intermezzo interrotto by BartÃ k , consists of a flowing melody with changing time signatures , intermixed with a theme parodying and ridiculing the march tune in Dmitri Shostakovich 's `` Leningrad '' Symphony -LRB- No. 7 -RRB- .
The third movement , called Elegia by BartÃ k , is another slow movement , typical of BartÃ k 's so-called `` Night music '' .
This movement is in sonata allegro form .
The first movement , called Introduzione by BartÃ k , is a slow introduction of Night music type that gives way to an allegro with numerous fugato passages .
Saint-Laurent-de-Condel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Daisuke Miyakawa is a Japanese football player .
He currently plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
If in doubt as to whether there is consensus to delete a page , administrators will normally not delete it .
It should be used to appeal most instances of proposed deletion and speedy deletion , though appeals of the outcomes of deletion discussions and other deletion matters requiring community review should be made at Deletion review .
Such a page can be deleted by any administrator if , after seven days , no one objects to the proposed deletion .
Pages on proposed deletion or deletion discussion -LRB- see below -RRB- are still subject to speedy deletion , which overrides the other process .
Albury is a major regional city in New South Wales , Australia , located on the Hume Highway on the northern side of the Murray River . It is located wholly within the boundaries of the City of Albury Local Government Area .
Albury has a urban population of 53,507 people . It is separated from its twin city in Victoria , Wodonga by the Murray River .
Healesville Sanctuary , or the Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park , is a zoo specializing in native Australian animals .
It also assists with a breeding population of the endangered Helmeted Honeyeater .
The Reserve passed to the Healesville Council in 1927 and became the Sir Colin MacKenzie Sanctuary in 1934 .
Dr Colin MacKenzie -LRB- knighted in 1929 -RRB- set up the Institute of Anatomical Research in 1920 on 78 a of land which had formerly been part of the Coranderrk Aboriginal Reserve .
It is one of only two places to have successfully bred a platypus , the other being Sydney 's Taronga Zoo .
The zoo is set in a natural bushland environment where paths wind through different habitat areas showcasing wallabies , wombats , dingoes , kangaroos , and over 200 native bird varieties .
Obi-Wan Kenobi is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .
Along with Anakin Skywalker\/Darth Vader , R2-D2 , and C-3PO , he is one of the few major characters to appear in all of the six Star Wars films .
He is one of several primary characters in the Star Wars series .
He is portrayed in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor .
Kake is located on the northwest coast of Kupreanof Island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska .
By the Treaty of Meerssen of 870 , Toul became part of East Francia , the later Holy Roman Empire .
Aliceville is a city in Pickens County , Alabama , United States .
According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates , the city had a population of 2,465 .
At the 2000 census the population was 2,567 .
Along with a website , they also produce a monthly subscription magazine titled `` TechNet Magazine '' .
Microsoft TechNet is a Microsoft program and resource for technical information , news , and events for IT professionals .
At 70 k long , it is the longest glacier in the Karakoram and second-longest in the world 's non-polar areas .
It falls from an altitude of 5,753 m -LRB- 18,875 ft -RRB- above sea level at its head at Indira Col on the China border down to 3,620 m -LRB- 11,875 ft -RRB- at its terminus .
Rudolf `` Rudi '' SkÃ cel -LRB- pronounced Skatsel ; born 17 July 1979 -RRB- is a professional footballer who has been capped at international level by the Czech Republic , he is a left sided midfield player , currently with Heart of Midlothian .
The American University of The Middle East , Box Hill College Kuwait and Maastricht Business School Kuwait .
The Declaration of Rights and Grievances was a document created during the Committees of Correspondence declaring that taxes imposed on British colonists without their formal consent were unconstitutional .
This was especially directed at the Stamp Act , which required that documents , newspapers , and playing cards to be printed on special stamped and taxed paper .
Seyssel is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Unterlunkhofen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The dice snake -LRB- Natrix tessellata -RRB- is a European nonvenomous snake belonging to the family Colubridae , subfamily Natricinae .
Lebanon , Israel , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , France , Croatia , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Serbia , Italy , Czech Republic , Poland , Albania , Romania , Bulgaria , Hungary , Turkey , Greece , Cyprus , Afghanistan , Russia , Ukraine , Armenia , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Iraq , Syria , Jordan , Yemen , Egypt , Pakistan , China .
Khutbah -LRB- Arabic : -LRB- Ø Ø Ø Ø khuá bah -RRB- -RRB- serves as the primary formal occasion for public preaching in the Islamic tradition .
It was first published in 2000 .
Grandpa Never Lies is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Harvey Stevenson .
Bernard Tomic was the defending champion , but he did not defend his title as he had stopped playing junior tournaments in 2010 , despite still being eligible to do so as a 1992 birth .
The Boys ' Singles tournament of the 2010 US Open started on Sunday September 5th , the seventh day of the main tournament .
Jack Sock , who received wildcard into the singles main draw , won this tournament , after defeating his compatriot , tenth-seeded Denis Kudla in the final .
Maussane-les-Alpilles is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
John Fitzgerald `` Jack '' Kennedy -LRB- May 29 , 1917 - November 22 , 1963 -RRB- , often referred to by his initials JFK , was the 35th President of the United States , serving from 1961 until his assassination in 1963 .
Lee Harvey Oswald was charged with the crime but was shot and killed two days later by Jack Ruby before any trial .
Ancestors of John F. Kennedy
Kennedy was assassinated on November 22 , 1963 , in Dallas , Texas .
The album was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year , and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for `` Jesus Walks '' in 2005 .
It was voted as the best album of the year by Rolling Stone and in The Village Voices Pazz & Jop critics poll . Spin ranked it number one on its list of 40 Best Albums of the Year .
Marklohe is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde -LRB- `` collective municipality '' -RRB- Marklohe .
Hidekazu Otani is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kashiwa Reysol .
The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge in east central Scotland .
With the then newest and nearest bridge spanning the Forth -LRB- the Kincardine Bridge , built in 1936 -RRB- still around 15 m upstream , the upsurge in demand for a road crossing between Edinburgh and Fife prompted the UK Government to establish the Forth Road Bridge Joint Board -LRB- FRBJB -RRB- by Act of Parliament in 1947 to oversee the implementation of a new bridge to replace the ferry service .
Yusuke Shimada is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
Uwe Rahn -LRB- born 21 May 1962 in Mannheim -RRB- is a former German football player .
He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party , which affiliates with the national Democratic Party .
Alan Stuart `` Al '' Franken -LRB- born May 21 , 1951 -RRB- is the junior United States Senator from Minnesota .
In addition to barnstars , there are several other awards .
Carpe diem is a phrase from a Latin poem by Horace -LRB- see `` Source '' section below -RRB- that has become an aphorism .
It is popularly translated as `` seize the day '' .
Original usage from Odes 1.11 , in Latin and English :
Neuville-Vitasse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Asperjoc is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The site , when first chosen , was in marshland outside the city walls .
It is situated on the Piazza di Santa Croce , about 800 metres south east of the Duomo .
It is the burial place of some of the most illustrious Italians , such as Michelangelo , Galileo , Machiavelli , Foscolo , Gentile and Rossini , thus it is known also as the Temple of the Italian Glories -LRB- Tempio dell ` Itale Glorie -RRB- .
The Basilica di Santa Croce -LRB- Basilica of the Holy Cross -RRB- is the principal Franciscan church in Florence , Italy , and a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church .
The club has had several name changes since first appearing in 1926 ; the most important of these was in 1964 , when it was changed from Associazione Calcio Napoli to SocietÃ Sportiva Calcio Napoli . The most recent change was in 2004 , when the club went bankrupt but was refounded by film producer Aurelio De Laurentiis as Napoli Soccer ; he restored the name to SocietÃ Sportiva Calcio Napoli in early 2006 .
Plymouth Argyle 's list of honors include the following .
The club was founded in 1886 as Argyle Football Club , the first match taking place on 16 October 1886 against Caxton , a team from Cornwall and saw the Pilgrims lose 2 â `` 0 .
The club crest features the Mayflower , the London-based ship , which carried the pilgrims to Massachusetts . Former League club Boston United are also known as the Pilgrims and feature the Mayflower on its badge ; Boston was the starting point on the Pilgrims journey .
Woodlawn Park is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The Institute of Book and Reading was established and Kozani is now known as City of Books .
Around them , people sing and dance mainly scoptic songs and local dances , such as the best known song in the region - the Enteka of Kozani , often called Kozani 's `` national anthem '' .
Today Kozani is the administrative , commercial , economic , and transport center of the region of West Macedonia .
A level crossing -LRB- also called a railway crossing , railroad crossing , road through railroad , train crossing or grade crossing -RRB- is a crossing on one level -LRB- `` at-grade intersection '' -RRB- â '' without recourse to a bridge or tunnel -- of a railway line by a road or path .
Previously the Red-shouldered Macaw was included in the genus Ara with the other macaws .
It has two distinct subspecies , the Noble Macaw and the Hahn 's Macaw , and a possible poorly distinct third subspecies that has longer wings , but is otherwise similar to the Noble Macaw .
This and other observations of acquired immunity were later exploited by Louis Pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease .
Primary response can take 2 days and up to 2 weeks to develop .
Immunology made a great advance towards the end of the 19th century , through rapid developments , in the study of humoral immunity and cellular immunity .
The earliest known mention of immunity was during the plague of Athens in 430 BC .
Immunology is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system .
Pasteur 's theory was in direct opposition to contemporary theories of disease , such as the miasma theory .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
Disorders in the immune system can result in disease , including autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and cancer .
This process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination .
Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich , who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction ; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908 , which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology , Elie Metchnikoff .
In the 18th century , Pierre-Louis Moreau de Maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and observed that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom .
This improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered .
After the body gains immunity towards a certain pathogen , when infection by that pathogen occurs again , the immune response is called the secondary response .
It originates from medicine and early studies on the causes of immunity to disease .
Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease , such as severe combined immunodeficiency , or be produced by pharmaceuticals or an infection , such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- that is caused by the retrovirus HIV .
In contrast , autoimmune diseases result from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms .
Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by Walter Reed .
It was not until Robert Koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
Immunodeficiency diseases occur when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
Thucydides noted that people who had recovered from a previous bout of the disease could nurse the sick without contracting the illness a second time .
Southcentral Alaska is the portion of the U.S. state of Alaska consisting of the shorelines and uplands of the central Gulf of Alaska .
Other towns include Palmer , Wasilla , Kenai\/Soldotna , Homer , Seward , Valdez , and Cordova .
Most of the population of the state lives in this region , concentrated in and around the city of Anchorage .
The area includes Cook Inlet , the Matanuska-Susitna Valley , the Kenai Peninsula , Prince William Sound , and the Copper River Valley .
Barbara Meier -LRB- born July 25 , 1986 -RRB- is a German fashion model and winner of the second cycle of Germany 's Next Topmodel . Born in the small Bavarian town of Amberg , Barbara Meier did n't originally aspire a career in modelling .
See this template 's talk page for information on how to use this template .
There are also a number of free papers , one being A View From Bridport . The Dorset Echo also serves Bridport and is published daily from Monday to Saturday .
Agnez-l Ã s-Duisans is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France .
Boulages is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Tadatoshi Masuda -LRB- born December 25 , 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Ef -LRB- Ð Ñ ; italics : Ð Ñ -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
Morgan Porterfield Freeman , Jr. -LRB- born June 1 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor , film director , and narrator .
Iman is an Islamic term usually translated as belief or faith and is often used to refer to the strength of conviction in a Muslim .
To commemorate the tenth anniversary of Jagged Little Pill , Morissette released a studio acoustic version , Jagged Little Pill Acoustic , in June 2005 .
The two wrote and recorded Morissette 's first internationally released album , Jagged Little Pill , and by the spring of 1995 , she had signed a deal with Maverick Records .
Her worldwide debut album was the rock-influenced Jagged Little Pill , released in 1995 , which remains the best-selling debut album by a female artist in the U.S. , and the highest selling debut album worldwide , selling more than 30 million units globally .
The Union Council of Dhamtour is divided into the following areas : Banda Bazdar , Bandi Shoalian , Dhamtour , Guldhok , Jaswal , Nagaki , and Ukhreela .
It is situated to the west of Abbottabad city , and borders Sheikh-ul-Bandi to the north and Nagri Bala to the south .
Dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres -LRB- 3645 -RRB- .
Asques is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es region in southern France .
Bhutan was one of the first to recognize India 's independence in 1947 and both nations fostered close relations , their importance augmented by the annexation of Tibet in 1950 by the People 's Republic of China and its border disputes with both Bhutan and India , which saw close ties with Nepal and Bhutan to be central to its `` Himalayan frontier '' security policy .
Although modified and modernized since , India remains influential over Bhutan 's foreign policy , defense and commerce .
With independence in 1947 , India inherited the suzerainty over Bhutan enjoyed by the British Raj .
The bilateral relations between the Himalayan Kingdom of Bhutan and the Republic of India have been traditionally close .
In the first half of the 20th century , clinical psychology was focused on psychological assessment , with little attention given to treatment .
D. practitioner-scholar model -LRB- focusing on clinical practice -RRB- .
The field is often considered to have begun in 1896 with the opening of the first psychological clinic at the University of Pennsylvania by Lightner Witmer .
Since that time , two main educational models have developedâ '' the Ph. D. scientist-practitioner model -LRB- focusing on research -RRB- and the Psy .
Studies show that lesbians have a higher body mass and are generally less concerned about weight issues than heterosexual women , and lesbians consider women with higher body masses to be more attractive than heterosexual women do . Lesbians are more likely to exercise regularly than heterosexual women , and lesbians do not generally exercise for aesthetic reasons , although heterosexual women do .
The word `` lesbian '' is derived from the name of the Greek island of Lesbos , home to the 6th-century BCE poet Sappho .
Lesbians portrayed in literature , film , and television often shape contemporary thought about women 's sexuality . The majority of media about lesbians is produced by men ; women 's publishing companies did not develop until the 1970s , films about lesbians made by women did not appear until the 1980s , and television shows portraying lesbians written by women have been created within the past ten years .
The majority of media about lesbians is produced by men ; women 's publishing companies did not develop until the 1970s , films about lesbians made by women did not appear until the 1980s , and television shows portraying lesbians written by women have been created within the past ten years .
SiniÅ a MihajloviÄ -LRB- ; born February 20 , 1969 -RRB- is a Serbian former football player turned manager , currently in charge of Serie A club Fiorentina since June 2010 .
ChÃ cents tillon-l Ã s-Sons is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Sarrians is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Shunta Nagai is a Japanese football player .
On May , 1987 Adams started the Into the Fire tour where his first performance was in Shreveport , Louisiana with his backing band .
The tour continued through the Western United States .
Adams starts his tour in mainland Europe and Adams previous album Reckless achieves gold status in Sweden and Into The Fire achieves gold status in Switzerland and later he travels to Dublin , Ireland .
Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams .
Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin .
Six singles were released from the album : `` Heat of the Night '' , `` Hearts on Fire '' , `` Victim of Love '' , `` Only the Strong Survive '' , `` Into the Fire '' and `` Another Day '' .
Adams heads back to the UK on October 13 in Newcastle , England .
It was recorded at Adams ' home in London , England .
Adams would later sell out two nights in a row at Madison Square Garden in New York City and was visited backstage by Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys , he would later get a sold out show in Toronto , Ontario .
Released on March 30 , 1987 through A&M Records , the album was a commercial success , albeit somewhat of a disappointment following the huge success of 1984 's `` Reckless '' . Into the Fire sold over 4 million units worldwide , peaking at number 7 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide .
Adams would later head back to the United States to continue the American leg of the tour , Adams appeared on Late Night with David Letterman .
Adams sold out four nights in a row at Wembley Arena in London .
Adams first stop of the UK leg of the tour at the Princeâ s Trust charity concert at Wembley Stadium , London .
Adams started the Asian leg of the tour and ended up selling out ten concerts , five of which were in Tokyo 's Budokan .
The last concert part of the Into the Fire tour was played in Locarno , Switzerland .
Into the Fire ends up being certified platinum with sales over 100,000 copies sold in Japan .
Zomergem is a municipality located in the Flanders and in the province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
Other fields include agrochemistry , astrochemistry -LRB- and cosmochemistry -RRB- , atmospheric chemistry , chemical engineering , chemical biology , chemo-informatics , electrochemistry , environmental chemistry , femtochemistry , flavor chemistry , flow chemistry , geochemistry , green chemistry , histochemistry , history of chemistry , hydrogenation chemistry , immunochemistry , marine chemistry , materials science , mathematical chemistry , mechanochemistry , medicinal chemistry , molecular biology , molecular mechanics , nanotechnology , natural product chemistry , oenology , organometallic chemistry , petrochemistry , pharmacology , photochemistry , physical organic chemistry , phytochemistry , polymer chemistry , radiochemistry , solid-state chemistry , sonochemistry , supramolecular chemistry , surface chemistry , synthetic chemistry , thermochemistry , and many others .
MÄ ceÅ u de Jos is a commune in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,673 people .
Sho Kamogawa -LRB- born 7 February 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for HOYO Atletico ELAN Oita .
She is known for her recurring role as Danni Sullivan on NBC comedy drama series Scrubs .
Tara Donna Reid -LRB- born November 8 , 1975 -RRB- is an American actress .
The Original Six is a term for the group of six teams that comprised the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the 25 seasons between the 1942 â `` 43 season and the 1967 NHL Expansion .
Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term to denote the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Supreme God .
Harihara is the name of a combined deity form of both Vishnu -LRB- Hari -RRB- and Shiva -LRB- Hara -RRB- from the Hindu tradition .
Callender is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
It consists of two parts , a rotating armature and fixed field windings surrounding the rotating armature mounted around a shaft .
This was achieved by an accelerating relay -LRB- often called a `` notching relay '' -RRB- in the motor circuit which monitored the fall of current as each step of resistance was cut out .
The availability of high-powered semiconductors -LRB- such as thyristors and the IGBT -RRB- has now made practical the use of much simpler , higher-reliability AC induction motors known as asynchronous traction motors . Synchronous AC motors are also occasionally used , as in the French TGV .
Before the mid-20th century , a single large motor was often used to drive multiple driving wheels through connecting rods that were very similar to those used on steam locomotives .
When the armature and the field windings are connected in series , the whole motor is referred to as `` series-wound '' .
As the DC motor starts to turn , the interaction of the magnetic fields inside causes it to generate a voltage internally .
The motor naturally stops accelerating when the drag of the train matches the torque produced by the motors .
When no resistors are left in the circuit , full line voltage is applied directly to the motor .
The rotating shaft of the motor was also the axle for the wheels .
The armature is another set of coils wound round a central shaft and is connected to the field windings through `` brushes '' which are spring loaded contacts pressing against an extension of the armature called the commutator .
As the motor speeds up , the internally generated voltage rises , the resultant EMF falls , less current passes through the motor and the torque drops .
The fixed field windings consist of tightly wound coils of wire fitted inside the motor case .
Traction motors are used in electrically powered rail vehicles such as electric multiple units and electric locomotives , other electric vehicles such as electric milk floats , elevators and conveyors as well as vehicles with electrical transmission systems such as diesel-electric , electric hybrid vehicles and battery electric vehicles .
On an electric train , the train driver originally had to control the cutting out of resistance manually , but by 1914 , automatic acceleration was being used .
Traditionally , these were DC series-wound motors , usually running on approximately 600 volts .
The `` Bi-Polar '' electric locomotives built by General Electric for the Milwaukee Road had direct drive motors .
Usually , the traction motor is three-point suspended between the bogie frame and the driven axle ; this is referred to as a `` nose-suspended traction motor '' .
Traditionally road vehicles -LRB- cars , buses and trucks -RRB- have used diesel and petrol engines with a mechanical or hydraulic transmission system .
It is now standard practice to provide one traction motor driving each axle through a gear drive .
Traction motor refers to an electric motor providing the primary rotational torque of a machine , usually for conversion into linear motion -LRB- traction -RRB- .
A series-wound DC motor has a low resistance field and armature circuit .
All the driver had to do was select low , medium or full speed -LRB- called `` shunt '' , `` series '' and `` parallel '' from the way the motors were connected in the resistance circuit -RRB- and the automatic equipment would do the rest .
Traditionally , resistors were used to limit the initial current .
The advantage of high current is that the magnetic fields inside the motor are strong , producing high torque -LRB- turning force -RRB- , so it is ideal for starting a train .
Because of the high power levels involved , traction motors are almost always cooled using forced air .
Rimboval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was located between Epping and Blake Hall stations on the Central line , serving North Weald .
North Weald tube station is a former London Underground station in Essex , England .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The Esmeraldas Woodstar , Colibri De Berlepsch , ColibrÃ De Esmeraldas , or Estrellita EsmeraldeÃ ` A -LRB- Chaetocercus berlepschi -RRB- is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
It is found only in Ecuador .
Lone Rock is a city in Kossuth County , Iowa , United States .
Phelps holds the record for the most gold medals won in a single Olympics , his eight at the 2008 Beijing Games surpassed American swimmer Mark Spitz 's seven-gold performance at Munich in 1972 .
In doing so he has twice equaled the record eight medals of any type at a single Olympics achieved by Soviet gymnast Alexander Dityatin at the 1980 Moscow Summer Games .
Geomorphologists seek to understand why landscapes look the way they do , to understand landform history and dynamics , and to predict future changes through a combination of field observation , physical experiment , and numerical modeling .
In 1977 , he returned to the minor leagues before signing with the Oilers for their first year in the NHL , playing only one game before being sent back down to the minors .
Over the course of his career , he played the New York Rangers and the Edmonton Oilers .
He would eventually become the radio and TV analyst for the Americans for many years before resigning prior to the 2005 â `` 06 season .
He later signed a contract with the Buffalo Sabres but never played another NHL game .
An alumnus of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League , he signed with the Rangers as a free agent in 1972 and began play in the American Hockey League with the Rochester Americans .
He made his NHL debut in 1974 with the Rangers playing 99 games and scoring 2 goals and 18 assists .
John Severn Bednarski -LRB- born July 4 , 1952 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- was an ice hockey defenceman in the National Hockey League .
Ralph Waldo Emerson -LRB- May 25 , 1803 â `` April 27 , 1882 -RRB- was an American lecturer , philosopher , essayist , and poet , best remembered for leading the Transcendentalist movement of the mid-19th century .
In 1912 he entered the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design , where he studied under Jo Davidson , Elie Nadelman , John Gregory and others .
About 1906 he began taking modeling lessons at the Cooper Union , and after two years began to study at the National Academy of Design with Leon Kroll , Ivan Olinsky , and Hermon Atkins MacNeil .
Oronzio Maldarelli was an American sculptor -LRB- 1892 - 1963 -RRB- born in Naples , Italy .
Dinah Shore -LRB- born Frances Rose Shore ; February 29 , 1916 â `` February 24 , 1994 -RRB- was an American singer , actress , and television personality .
This works by convection ; the heat is transferred from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant .
Absolute zero is also 0 Â R on the Rankine scale , another thermodynamic temperature scale , and â ' 459.67 degrees on the Fahrenheit scale .
Fluids used to cool objects are commonly called coolants .
Air cooling is the process of cooling an object by exposing it to air .
The coldest theoretically possible temperature is absolute zero , also called absolute temperature , which is 0 K on the Kelvin scale , a thermodynamic temperature scale , and â ' 273.15 Â C on the Celsius scale .
Another common method of cooling is exposing an object to ice , dry ice , or liquid nitrogen .
This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object , and the process can be enhanced by increasing the surface area or decreasing the mass of the object .
Burg is a municipality in the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Badger is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
The population was 610 at the 2000 census .
The Civil Polices of Brazil had origin in the General Intendancy of Police , created in Rio de Janeiro in 1808 .
The services of judiciary police are given through the Police stations of Police , agencies that have jurisdiction on small cities or quarters of the great cities .
27 Civil Polices in Brazil , one for each State of the federacy exist .
Today , the constitutional existence of the Civil Police and its attributions elapse of article 144 , IV and 144 Â 4 Â , of the Federal Constitution .
Civil Police had been gradually developing for all country during the governments Imperial and Republican .
The Civil Polices are agencies of the public administration of the federative units of Brazil , whose function is , in accordance with article 144 of the Federal Constitution of 1988 , the exercise of the public security for the preservation of the public order , of the safety of the people and the patrimony .
They are directed by a Head of Police , chosen amongst the Commission agents of Police of career .
Each of the states of Brazil has its own `` Civil Police Department '' , which carries out detective work , forensics and criminal investigation , acting as a state bureau of investigation , while the `` Military Police '' carries out preventive police duties .
In Brazil , the Civil Police is the name of the investigative state police forces .
Uccle -LRB- French , pronounced -RRB- or Ukkel -LRB- Dutch , pronounced -RRB- is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
Peter Benjamin Mandelson , Baron Mandelson , PC -LRB- born 21 October 1953 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who was the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Hartlepool from 1992 to 2004 , served in a number of Cabinet positions under both Tony Blair and Gordon Brown , and was a European Commissioner .
In October 1998 , during his first period in the Cabinet , Mandelson was the center of media attention when Matthew Parris -LRB- openly gay former MP and then Parliamentary sketch writer of The Times -RRB- mentioned during a live interview on Newsnight , in the wake of the resignation of Ron Davies , that `` Peter Mandelson is certainly gay '' .
Verlincthun is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
When Scylla was bathing in the sea , the jealous Circe poured some potion into the sea water , which caused Scylla to transform into a monster .
Schafisheim is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Noron-l ` Abbaye is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The largest employers in Muncie are Ball Memorial Hospital -LRB- an Indiana University Health partner -RRB- , Ball State University , Muncie Community Schools , The City of Muncie , Sallie Mae , Wal-mart , and The Youth Opportunity Center . In 2008 , Italian manufacturer Brevini Power Transmission announced that Muncie will be its new U.S. headquarters and plans to create 450 jobs in Muncie by 2011 .
Athletes from West Germany -LRB- FRG -RRB- and East Germany -LRB- GDR -RRB- competed together as the United Team of Germany , an arrangement that would continue for the following two Olympiads .
The 1956 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event celebrated in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
A total of 32 nations sent athletes to Cortina d'Ampezzo .
Along with the Soviet Union , Bolivia and Iran competed at the Winter Games for the first time .
Korea , Liechtenstein , and Turkey returned after having missed the 1952 Winter Olympics , while Argentina , Denmark , New Zealand , and Portugal did not compete at these Games , after having participated in the previous edition .
The Natural History Museum is one of three large museums on Exhibition Road , South Kensington , London , England -LRB- the others are the Science Museum , and the Victoria and Albert Museum -RRB- .
In 1986 , the museum absorbed the adjacent Geological Museum of the British Geological Survey , which had long competed for the limited space available in the area .
The museum 's galleries were completely rebuilt and relaunched in 1996 as The Earth Galleries , with the other exhibitions in the Waterhouse building retitled The Life Galleries .
The Natural History Museum 's own Mineralogy displays remain largely unchanged as an example of the 19th-century display techniques of the Waterhouse building .
Built in two distinct phases , with two new buildings adjacent to the main Waterhouse building , it is the most significant new development project in the museum 's history .
The newly-developed Darwin Centre -LRB- named after Charles Darwin -RRB- is designed as a new home for the museum 's collection of tens of millions of preserved specimens , as well as new work spaces for the museum 's scientific staff , and new educational visitor experiences .
Even after the opening , legally the NHM remained a department of the British Museum with the formal name British Museum -LRB- Natural History -RRB- , usually abbreviated in the scientific literature as B.M. -LRB- N.H. -RRB- or BMNH .
Medieval Mulhouse consists essentially of a lower and an upper town .
Mulhouse is the chief city of an arrondissement of the Haut-Rhin department , of which it is a sub-prefecture .
In RNA , thymine is replaced by uracil -LRB- U -RRB- .
In molecular biology and genetics , two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA or RNA strands that are connected via hydrogen bonds are called a base pair -LRB- often abbreviated bp -RRB- .
In the canonical Watson-Crick DNA base pairing , adenine -LRB- A -RRB- forms a base pair with thymine -LRB- T -RRB- and guanine -LRB- G -RRB- forms a base pair with cytosine -LRB- C -RRB- .
It was officially announced on May 13 , 1993 , in IAUC 5789 with designation .
The orbits of centaurs are unstable due to perturbations by the giant planets .
At perihelion , it moves much closer to the Sun than Uranus , while at aphelion it moves out well beyond the orbit of Neptune .
7066 Nessus -LRB- ; from -RRB- is a centaur -LRB- a type of icy planetoid -RRB- that was discovered by David L. Rabinowitz , working with Spacewatch , at Kitt Peak on 26 April 1993 .
Nessus is estimated to have a relatively long orbital half-life of about 4.9 Myr .
It was the second centaur found by him -LRB- 5145 Pholus being his previous find -RRB- , and the third centaur discovery -LRB- 2060 Chiron was the first -RRB- .
7066 Nessus has an orbital period of 122.4 years , an eccentricity of 0.52 and an inclination to the ecliptic of 15.6 degrees .
Saint-Hippolyte is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Elizabeth Gladys Millvina Dean -LRB- 2 February 1912 -- 31 May 2009 -RRB- was the last remaining survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic , which occurred on 15 April 1912 .
In October 2007 , she became the last living Titanic survivor following the death of Barbara West Dainton , who died at the age of 96 in England .
JosÃ Marcelo Ferreira , aka ZÃ Maria -LRB- born July 25 , 1973 in Oeiras , PiauÃ -RRB- , is a former professional Brazilian footballer and a current manager .
The Kashmir Flycatcher , Ficedula subrubra , is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family Muscicapidae .
But they are not the only reliable sources in such areas .
These policies jointly determine the type and quality of material that is acceptable in articles .
Verifiability is one of Wikipedia 's core content policies , along with No original research and Neutral point of view .
It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990 , and the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1991 .
Tehanu is the fourth of Ursula K. Le Guin 's Earthsea books .
Levy Patrick Mwanawasa -LRB- September 3 , 1948 â `` August 19 , 2008 -RRB- was the third President of Zambia .
With the addition of X11 , this version marks the transition away from a text-only system .
This was famously disapproved of by Tanenbaum in the Tanenbaumâ `` Torvalds debate .
Tanenbaum explained again his rationale for using a microkernel in May 2006 .
Its licensing fee was very small -LRB- $ 69 -RRB- compared to those of other operating systems .
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture created by Andrew S. Tanenbaum for educational purposes ; MINIX also inspired the creation of the Linux kernel .
Although Tanenbaum wished for MINIX to be as accessible as possible to students , his publisher was not prepared to offer material -LRB- such as the source code -RRB- that could be copied freely , so a restrictive license requiring a nominal fee -LRB- included in the price of Tanenbaum 's book -RRB- was applied as a compromise . This prevented the use of MINIX as the basis for a freely distributed software system .
The design principles Tanenbaum applied to MINIX greatly influenced the design decisions Linus Torvalds applied in the creation of the Linux kernel .
It contains X11 , emacs , vi , cc , gcc , perl , python , ash , bash , zsh , ftp , ssh , telnet , pine , and over 400 other common Unix utility programs .
MINIX -LRB- from `` mini-Unix '' -RRB- was first released in 1987 , with its complete source code made available to universities for study in courses and research . It has been free and open source software since it was re-licensed under the BSD license in April 2000 .
Torvalds used and appreciated MINIX , but his design deviated from the MINIX architecture in significant ways , most notably by employing a monolithic kernel instead of a microkernel .
In May 2004 , Kenneth Brown of the Alexis de Tocqueville Institution made the accusation that major parts of the Linux kernel had been copied from the MINIX codebase , in a book called Samizdat .
These accusations were rebutted universallyâ '' most prominently by Andrew Tanenbaum himself , who strongly criticised Kenneth Brown and published a long rebuttal on his own personal website .
When free and open source Unix-like operating systems such as Linux and 386BSD became available in the early 1990s many volunteer software developers abandoned MINIX in favor of these .
Andrew S. Tanenbaum created MINIX at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam to exemplify the principles conveyed in his textbook , Operating Systems : Design and Implementation -LRB- 1987 -RRB- .
In April 2000 , MINIX became free\/open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems had surpassed its capabilities , and it remained primarily an operating system for students and hobbyists .
According to the Nihonshoki and GukanshÅ , Bidatsu had four empresses and 16 Imperial children -LRB- 6 sons and 10 daughters -RRB- .
The actual site of Bidatsu 's grave is known . This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- at Osaka .
Though he had many children , none of them would ever become emperor .
The emperor died from a disease which afflicted him with sores , apparently the first royal victim of smallpox in Japan .
Emperor Bidatsu was the 30th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
He was the second son of Emperor Kimmei by his consort Iwahime , a daughter of Emperor Senka .
They originally operated in the Southern Region of British Railways , though following privatisation in 1997 they have been distributed much further afield .
The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting and also short distance freight trips along branch lines .
Though similar to the existing Class 08 shunting locomotives , Class 09 were re-geared to give a maximum top speed of 27.5 mph -LRB- 44 km\/h -RRB- at the expense of a lower tractive effort .
Yutaka Ikeuchi -LRB- born August 25 , 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Averton is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Other uses of Pedobear include an iStockphoto wallpaper , a cover of the auto magazine Import Tuner , and a flyer of a costume store in Portland , Oregon which accidentally featured a Pedobear-like figure , being later covered by a local news station , which provided a detailed history of Pedobear , and even interviewed Cheezburger Network 's CEO Ben Huh about Pedobear 's cultural significance .
The bear character originates from the popular bulletin board system -LRB- BBS -RRB- website 2channel in Japan , where it was introduced as ã ã ã 1\/4 -LRB- KumÄ -RRB- , which is an interjection of the word ã ã 3\/4 -LRB- Kuma -RRB- meaning bear in Japanese . In spite of the impression of Pedobear in Europe and the United States , KumÄ is not associated with any sexual thing such as pedophilia .
On 3 July 2009 , Canadian artist Michael R. Barrick created two composite images depicting Pedobear grouped together with the mascots of 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games .
This image was then mistakenly used by other media , most notably the Polish newspaper Gazeta OlsztyÅ ska for a 4 February 2010 front page story about the Olympics in Vancouver .
Pedobear is a popular joke on the website 4chan , which adopted the character primarily as a way to get users to start posting child pornography or sexualized images of children .
The radius is one of the two large bones of the forearm , the other being the ulna .
Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
`` Mean Mr. Mustard '' is a song written by John Lennon -LRB- credited to Lennon\/McCartney -RRB- and performed by The Beatles on their album , Abbey Road .
As with the performance of `` She 's Leaving Home '' also in the film , the computerized singing of the Computerettes was performed by the Bee Gees .
Additionally , the original version of the song was a quieter acoustic rendition and was over 4 minutes in length .
According to Lennon , `` In ` Mean Mr. Mustard ' , I said ` his sister Pam ' â '' originally it was ` his sister Shirley ' in the lyric .
The Abbey Road version was recorded with `` Sun King '' in one continuous piece .
The version in the Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band film was performed by Mean Mr. Mustard -LRB- played by Frankie Howerd -RRB- and his evil robot companions named the Computerettes .
The song was written in India ; Lennon said that it was inspired by a newspaper story about a miser who concealed his cash wherever he could in order to prevent people from forcing him to spend it .
A demo version of the song was recorded in May 1968 at Kinfauns , George Harrison 's home in Esher , and appears on Anthology 3 .
In that version , Mustard 's sister is named Shirley .
I changed it to Pam to make it sound like it had something to do with it . ''
Lennon changed it to Pam when he saw the opportunity to ease the segue into the song `` Polythene Pam '' , which follows `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' on the album .
On reflection , he did not think highly of the composition , describing it in Anthology as `` a bit of crap I wrote in India . ''
Albligen -LRB- former French name : Albenon -RRB- is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Kazuma Kita is a Japanese football player who plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
The Kara receives a large amount of freshwater from the Ob , Yenisei , Pyasina , and Taimyra rivers , so its salinity is variable .
The Kara Sea is roughly 1,450 kilometres long and 970 kilometres wide with an area of around 880,000 kmÂ and a mean depth of 110 m.
There is concern about radioactive contamination from nuclear waste the former Soviet Union dumped in the sea and the effect this will have on the marine environment . According to an official `` White Paper '' report compiled and released by the Russian government in March 1993 , the Soviet Union dumped six nuclear submarine reactors and ten nuclear reactors into the Kara Sea between 1965-1988 .
It is separated from the Barents Sea to the west by the Kara Strait and Novaya Zemlya , and the Laptev Sea to the east by the Severnaya Zemlya .
Significant discoveries of petroleum and natural gas , an extension of the West Siberian Oil Basin , have been made but have not yet been developed .
A subsequent appraisal by the International Atomic Energy Agency showed that releases are low and localized from the 16 naval reactors -LRB- reported by the IAEA as having come from seven submarines and the icebreaker `` Lenin '' -RRB- which were dumped at five sites in the Kara Sea .
Its main ports are Novy Port and Dikson and it is important as a fishing ground although the sea is ice-bound for all but two months of the year .
The Kara Sea -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ì Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ì Ñ Ð -RRB- is part of the Arctic Ocean north of Siberia .
TIFF has not had a major update since 1992 , though several Aldus\/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format , and several specifications , including TIFF\/EP -LRB- ISO 12234-2 -RRB- , TIFF\/IT -LRB- ISO 12639 -RRB- , TIFF-F -LRB- RFC 2306 -RRB- and TIFF-FX -LRB- RFC 3949 -RRB- have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification .
Adobe holds the copyright on the TIFF specification -LRB- aka TIFF 6.0 -RRB- along with the two supplements that have been published .
Tagged Image File Format -LRB- abbreviated TIFF -RRB- is a file format for storing images , popular among Apple Macintosh owners , graphic artists , the publishing industry , and both amateur and professional photographers in general .
Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called `` desktop publishing '' , the TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications , by publishing and page layout applications , by scanning , faxing , word processing , optical character recognition and other applications .
As of 2009 , it is under the control of Adobe Systems .
Adobe Systems , which acquired Aldus , now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification .
Noraduz cemetery is a medieval cemetery with a large number of early khachkars located in the village of Noratus , Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan , 90 km north of Yerevan .
During the revival of the khachkar tradition in the 16-17th centuries many khachkars were built under the yoke of the Safavid Empire when oriental influences seeped into Armenian art .
The oldest khachkars in the cemetery date back to the late 10th century .
According to one story the villagers placed helmets on top of the khachkars and leaned swords against them .
From a distance the khachkars looked like armed soldiers holding a defensive position as a result of which Tamerlaneâ s army retreated .
A popular folktale associated with the cemetery concerns the invading army of Tamerlane .
Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz , the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh -LRB- 1551-1610 -RRB- , his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset .
The Territory of Michigan was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from June 30 , 1805 , until January 26 , 1837 , when the final extent of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Michigan .
In 1800 , the whole of the Northwest Territory had 43,365 residents .
Detroit was the territorial capital .
Under the Northwest Ordinance , a territory could apply for statehood once it had surpassed 60,000 inhabitants .
The company was formed in 1925 from a number of major companies that had been working together closely since World War I. During its heyday IG Farben was the fourth-largest company in the world , after General Motors , U.S. Steel and Standard Oil . During the planning of the invasion of Czechoslovakia and Poland , IG Farben cooperated closely with Nazi officials and directed which chemical plants should be secured and delivered to IG Farben .
Moncrabeau is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France .
The final track on the album contains a number you could call to find out the name of the next Joker 's Card , Riddle Box .
The Terror Wheel is the second EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse , released on August 5 , 1994 by Psychopathic Records .
The orchestra performs most of its concerts at the Salle Pleyel .
The Orchestre de Paris is a French orchestra based in Paris .
Anthology co-produced by Adams , Robert Lange and Bob Clearmountain , peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200 .
The album 's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track .
The album was released on October 18 , 2005 and features songs like `` Heat of the Night '' , and `` Summer of ' 69 '' .
Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005 .
On the first disc , the North American edition has `` The Best of Me '' as the last track , while the International edition moved the song to the 2nd disc , and had `` All I Want Is You '' instead .
Anthology peaked at number 4 on the Canadian Album Chart and number 29 on the UK Albums Chart .
The two disc set includes songs from 1980 -- 2005 .
All the songs are in chronological order of their release , except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition , which was released in 1999 .
A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid 2005 called `` Live in Lisbon '' was included in North America for a limited time .
N.B. was not released in North America , but six tracks from it were included with seven new ones and released in 2008 as Pocketful of Sunshine , with the singles `` Love Like This '' and `` Pocketful of Sunshine '' earning success on the charts . In December 2010 , Bedingfield released her third album in North America named Strip Me .
Damvant is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The Nagtglas 's African Dormouse -LRB- Graphiurus nagtglasii -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
It is found in Cameroon , Central African Republic , Ghana , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , and possibly Gabon .
Cabot is the largest city in Lonoke County , Arkansas , United States and is about 30 miles from Little Rock .
Cabot has the third highest median household income in Arkansas -LRB- after Maumelle and White Hall -RRB- .
It is part of the Little Rock -- North Little Rock -- Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area .
It is covered by the National Weather Service Forecast Office in North Little Rock .
According to 2010 U.S. Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city is 23,776 , ranking it as the state 's 20th largest city , behind Van Buren .
BotoÅ ana is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Daniel Michael `` Danny '' DeVito , Jr. -LRB- born November 17 , 1944 -RRB- is an Italian American actor , comedian , director , and producer .
Creekside is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Cacica is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Football League One -LRB- often referred to as League One for short or Npower League 1 for sponsorship reasons -RRB- is the second-highest division of The Football League and third-highest division overall in the English football league system .
It was previously known as the Football League Second Division and prior to the advent of the Premier League , the Football League Third Division .
Philosophical skepticism -LRB- from Greek Ï Î Î Ï Î Ï - skepsis meaning `` enquiry '' - UK spelling , scepticism -RRB- is both a philosophical school of thought and a method that crosses disciplines and cultures .
This skepticism can range from disbelief in contemporary philosophical solutions , to agnosticism , to rejecting the reality of the external world .
In Islamic philosophy , skepticism was established by Al-Ghazali -LRB- 1058 â `` 1111 -RRB- , known in the West as `` Algazel '' , as part of the orthodox Ash ` ari school of Islamic theology .
Many skeptics critically examine the meaning systems of their times , and this examination often results in a position of ambiguity or doubt .
One kind of scientific skepticism refers to the critical analysis of claims lacking empirical evidence .
She was the country 's second female president -LRB- after CorazÃ n Aquino -RRB- , and the daughter of former President Diosdado Macapagal .
Maria Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo -LRB- born April 5 , 1947 -RRB- is a Filipino politician who served as the 14th President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010 , as the 12th Vice President of the Philippines from 1998 to 2001 , and is currently a member of the House of Representatives representing the 2nd District of Pampanga .
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
They are best known worldwide for their 1992 transatlantic Top 20 hit single , `` Connected '' .
Stereo MCs are an English electronic dance group , which formed in Clapham , London in 1985 .
Zoosk is an online dating website with third-party applications on several social networking services . Zoosk is based in San Francisco , CA .
The ski slopes in AnzÃ re cover about 40 kilometers -LRB- the longest run being Les Rousses at over 5 km long -RRB- with 1 cablecar , 2 chair lifts , and 8 T-bars .
There are several self-service restaurants on the mountain , and the entire area is known as TÃ lÃ - AnzÃ re .
There is also an internet cafe , a crÃ perie and a children 's play area .
Facilities in and around AnzÃ re 's ` Place du Village ' include both indoor and outdoor swimming pools , two supermarkets , multiple hotels , bars and nightclubs , as well as many restaurants and clothes shops .
The ` Place du Village ' is a pedestrian area right in the heart of the village , containing most of AnzÃ re 's cafes and restaurants .
Abdoulaye MÃ Ã tÃ -LRB- born 6 October 1980 in Paris -RRB- is a French born Ivorian footballer who currently plays for West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League . He represents CÃ te d'Ivoire internationally , he has been awarded 48 caps .
Roseraie du Val-de-Marne or Roseraie de L'Ha Ã is a garden devoted to roses established in 1899 on rue Albert Watel in L'Ha Ã - les-Roses , Val-de-Marne , France .
Laid out in thirteen formal sections , today Roseraie du Val-de-Marne has a total of 13,100 rose bushes featuring 3200 species and varieties .
The garden has modern French and foreign roses on one side , the formal rose garden with a reflecting pool in the center , and the old garden roses and classic roses on the other side .
Rauzan is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Kyle Davis Richardson -LRB- born March 2 , 1973 in Farmington , Missouri -RRB- is a former National Football League punter .
Saint-Julien-Vocance is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Loves Park is part of the Rockford , Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The village is located above Lago di Vogorno , a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam .
Vogorno is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The National Rugby League -LRB- NRL -RRB- is the top competition of professional Rugby league clubs in Australasia .
It is the world 's elite rugby league championship and , per season , is the single most viewed and attended Rugby football competition in the world .
Some of the names for the various weights of yarn from finest to thickest are called lace , fingering , sport , double-knit -LRB- or DK -RRB- , worsted , aran -LRB- or heavy worsted -RRB- , bulky , and super-bulky .
Zephyrhills is a city in Pasco County , Florida .
It was restored in 1844 and moved to ReykjavÃ k , where it has resided ever since .
The AlÃ 3\/4 ingi , Anglicised variously as Althing or Althingi , is the national parliamentâ '' literally , '' -LRB- the -RRB- all-thing '' -LRB- = general assembly -RRB- â '' of Iceland .
It was founded in 930 at Ã ingvellir , -LRB- the `` assembly fields '' or `` Parliament Plains '' -RRB- , situated approximately 45 km east of what would later become the country 's capital , ReykjavÃ k , and this event marked the beginning of the Icelandic Commonwealth .
Even after Iceland 's union with Norway , the Althing still held its sessions at Ã ingvellir until 1799 , when it was discontinued for 45 years .
Sir Ronald Ross KCB -LRB- 13 May 1857 â `` 16 September 1932 -RRB- was a British doctor who received the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1902 for his work on malaria .
From a geometric point of view , all points on a sphere are equivalent -- one could select any arbitrary point on the Earth , and create a paper map that covers the Earth with strips that come together at that point and the antipodal point .
The sphericity of the Earth was established by Hellenistic astronomy in the 3rd century BCE , and the earliest terrestrial globe appeared from that period .
This makes it easy to visualize how days and seasons change .
A facsimile globe showing America was made by Martin Waldseemueller in 1507 .
Early terrestrial globes depicting the entirety of the Old World were constructed in the Islamic Golden Age .
An example of a surviving celestial globe is part of a Hellenistic sculpture , called the Farnese Atlas , surviving in a 2nd century AD Roman copy in the Naples Museum , Naples , Italy .
Mass-produced globes are typically covered by a printed paper map .
One such example was constructed in the 9th century by Muslim geographers and cartographers working under the Abbasid caliph , Al-Ma ` mun .
Another early globe , the Hunt-Lenox Globe , ca .
Then a small disk is used to paper over the inevitable irregularities at the poles .
The earliest known example is the one constructed by Crates of Mallus in Cilicia -LRB- now Ã ukurova in modern-day Turkey -RRB- , in the mid-2nd century BCE .
The word `` globe '' comes from the Latin word globus , meaning round mass or sphere .
The most common type has long , thin gores -LRB- strips -RRB- of paper that narrow to a point at the North Pole and the South Pole .
Another `` remarkably modern-looking '' terrestrial globe of the Earth was constructed by Taqi al-Din at the Istanbul observatory of Taqi al-Din during the 1570s .
The more gores there are , the less stretching and crumpling is required to make the paper map fit the sphere .
1507 , is thought to be the source of the phrase `` Here be dragons . ''
In addition to making it easy to use this mounting also represents the angle of the planet in relation to its sun and the spin of the planet .
A globe is usually mounted at a 23.5 Â angle on bearings .
The oldest surviving terrestrial globe is credited to Martin Behaim in NÃ 1\/4 rnberg , Germany , in 1492 .
No terrestrial globes from Antiquity or the Middle Ages have survived .
Another example was the terrestrial globe introduced to Beijing by the Persian astronomer , Jamal ad-Din , in 1267 .
When it was reported that the novelist 's editor told her to start her third novel over , Wintour 's spokesman suggested she `` should get a job as someone else 's assistant . '' Oppenheimer suggests The Devil Wears Prada may have done Wintour a favor by increasing her name recognition .
Her reportedly aloof and demanding personality has earned her the nickname `` Nuclear Wintour '' . She is the eldest daughter of Charles Wintour , editor of the London Evening Standard .
Lauren Weisberger , a former Wintour assistant who left Vogue for Departures along with Richard Story , wrote The Devil Wears Prada after a writing workshop he suggested she take .
I have n't decided whether I am going to read it or not . ''
Wintour told The New York Times , `` I always enjoy a great piece of fiction .
While it has been suggested that the setting and Miranda Priestly were based on Vogue and Wintour , Weisberger claims she drew not only from her own experiences but those of her friends as well .
Fey Sommers in the Ugly Betty television series was also likened to Wintour .
Craonnelle is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Yet this is also a typical Nathism ; a complete reversal of Vedic morals and philosophy . ''
`` Sveccha means one 's own wish or free will .
The term `` Paro '' means a mysterious or secret pattern to that action done by one 's own Will .
Doing one 's own Will .
The concluding Sanskrit expression in the Avadhoota Upanishad is `` Svecchachara Paro . ''
In other words , we do our Will but with discretion , not making it too obvious , nor to harm or hurt other people .
Svecchachara means a way of life where one acts as one wishes and does what is right in one 's own eyes .
The cayenne pepperâ '' also known as the Guinea spice , Cow Horn Pepper , aleva or bird pepper or , especially in its powdered form , red pepperâ '' is a hot , red chili pepper used to flavor dishes and for medicinal purposes .
Aquaculture is an especially important economic activity in China .
Seneca Gardens is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
In around 400 BC sphairai were introduced .
In time , the boxers began to fight while standing and wearing gloves -LRB- with spikes -RRB- and wrappings on their arms below the elbows , but otherwise they fought naked .
Korykos were the equivalent to modern punching bags .
Participants trained on punching bags -LRB- called a korykos -RRB- .
However , Spartans never participated in the competitive aspect of boxing , believing the means of defeat to be dishonorable .
They were thongs of ox hide approximately 3 to 3.7 meters long that were wrapped around the hands and knuckles numerous times .
One legend holds that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a form of boxing in which two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed .
Boxing was among the contests held in memorial of Achilles ' slain friend Patroclus , toward the end of the Trojan war .
The sphairai were very similar to himantes .
According to the Iliad , Mycenaean warriors included boxing among their competitions honoring the fallen , though it is possible that the Homeric epics reflect later Greek culture .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands -LRB- leaving the fingers free -RRB- , wrists , and sometimes breast , to protect themselves from injury .
Soon after the implementation of the sphairai , the oxys were introduced to boxing .
It was in commemoration of Patroclus that the Greeks later introduced boxing -LRB- pygme \/ pygmachia -RRB- to the Olympic Games in 688 BC .
The scholar and historian Philostratus maintained that boxing was originally developed in Sparta , in order to harden warriorsâ faces for battle .
A band of fleece was placed on the forearm to wipe away sweat .
They were used for practice in the Palaestra and were filled with sand , flour , or millet .
They consisted of several thick leather bands encircling the hand , wrist , and forearm .
There are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in Greece .
Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching and the knuckles were reinforced with leather as well .
The early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle .
Until around 500 BC himantes were used as protection for the knuckles and hand .
The only notable difference was that they contained a padded interior when wrapped around the hands and the exterior of the thong was notably more rigid and hard .
Natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes .
A soft silvery metallic element , ytterbium is a rare earth element of the lanthanide series and is found in the minerals gadolinite , monazite , and xenotime .
Ytterbium is a chemical element with the symbol Yb and atomic number 70 .
Alastair John Campbell -LRB- born 25 May 1957 -RRB- is a British journalist , broadcaster , political aide and author , best known for his work as Director of Communications and Strategy for Prime Minister Tony Blair between 1997 and 2003 , having first started working for Blair in 1994 .
In 1971 , he made a cello out of three television sets stacked up on top of each other and some cello strings .
Nam June Paik -LRB- July 20 , 1932 -- January 29 , 2006 -RRB- was a Korean-born American artist .
Some Catholics have attempted to form cohesive theories of modesty .
One traditional opinion is that Muslim women are required to observe the hijab , covering everything but the hands and face , as a sign of modesty .
Non-orthodox Jewish women tend to adopt the fashions of the non-Jewish society in which they live .
The taqiyah cap may vary in shape , size or color just as the hijab does , with many regional differences according to tradition and personal taste .
Another example is Giuseppe Cardinal Siri of Genoa , who stated that trousers were unacceptable dress for women .
Sometimes this is from a sociological perspective , while at other times it takes a more systematic , Thomistic approach , combined with the writings of the Church Fathers .
In 1992 , New York State 's highest court accepted 14th Amendment arguments and struck down the provision in New York 's Exposure of the Person statute that made it illegal for women to bare their chests where men were permitted to do so .
Naturists reject contemporary Western standards of modesty which discourage personal , family , and social nudity , and seek to create a social environment where people feel comfortable in the company of nude people , and being seen nude , either just by other nudists , or also by the general public .
Some communities apply these standards to girls as young as three .
In Orthodox Judaism , women wear skirts to their knees and to cover their elbows , with blouses covering the collarbone and sleeves coming to or covering elbows .
People can be subjected to peer pressure , both to conform to community standards or to flout them .
Excessive immodesty is called exhibitionism .
Approaches arguing primarily from traditional practices and traditional authorities , such as the saints , can also be found .
The Church also expects men to dress modestly , but the demands are not as strict for them as for women ; this is largely because men are often thought to be more inherently susceptible to sexual thoughts .
Pope Pius XII stated that women should cover their upper arms and shoulders , that their skirts should cover at least as far as the knee , and the neckline should not reveal anything .
Physical modesty dominates the social stage . Fashions and fads at times test the limits of community standards of modesty .
Likewise , men are required to cover everything from ` navel to knee ' ; with some men choosing to extend this to the traditional Islamic head covering taqiyah -LRB- cap -RRB- , the male counterpart to hijab which closely resembles the Jewish yarmulke or kippah but is slightly larger in size .
See-through materials may not be used and clothes are expected not to be tight-fitting , provocative , loud in color , or display texts .
On the other hand , even in an emergency situation some people still insist on maintaining their standards of modesty .
Proponents of modesty often see it as a demonstration of respect for their bodies , for social norms , and for the feelings of themselves and others . Some people believe modesty may reduce sexual crimes .
Modesty has been and continues to be considered important in Islamic society , but the interpretation of what dress constitutes modesty varies .
Kazuya Maekawa is a retired Japanese footballer .
James Stuart Duggan -LRB- born January 14 , 1954 -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Hacksaw '' Jim Duggan , is an American professional wrestler .
`` Hacksaw '' Jim Duggan is also the second inductee in the WWE Hall Of Fame Class of 2011 .
Martin David Robinson -LRB- September 26 , 1925 -- December 8 , 1982 -RRB- , known professionally as Marty Robbins , was an American singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist .
Robbins later portrayed a musician in the 1982 Clint Eastwood film Honkytonk Man . Robbins died a few weeks before the film 's release in December 1982 of complications following cardiac surgery .
In addition to his recordings and performances , Robbins was an avid race car driver , competing in 35 career NASCAR races with six top 10 finishes , including the 1973 Daytona 500 .
`` Vampeta '' , born Marcos AndrÃ Batista dos Santos , -LRB- born 13 March 1974 , in NazarÃ -RRB- is a former Brazilian professional football player and current coach of GrÃ mio Osasco .
Another early building is Fort SÃ # o SebastiÃ # o , built in 1575 and now the SÃ # o TomÃ National Museum .
SÃ # o TomÃ is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral . Another early building is Fort SÃ # o SebastiÃ # o , built in 1575 and now the SÃ # o TomÃ National Museum .
Its name is Portuguese for `` Saint Thomas '' .
In 1599 , the city as well as the islands were taken by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year .
Important as a port , SÃ # o TomÃ is located on Ana Chaves Bay in the northeast of SÃ # o TomÃ Island , and IlhÃ u das Cabras lies nearby offshore .
SÃ # o TomÃ also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks .
SÃ # o TomÃ was founded by Portugal in 1485 .
Features of the town include the Presidential Palace , the Cathedral , and a cinema .
SÃ # o TomÃ is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral .
It was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and has been the national capital continuously since 1852 .
SÃ # o TomÃ is located at .
Other active bushrangers included Dan Morgan , based in the Murray River , and Captain Thunderbolt , killed outside Uralla .
The increasing push of settlement , increased police efficiency , improvements in rail transport and communications technology , such as telegraphy , made it increasingly difficult for bushrangers to evade capture .
In 1900 the indigenous Governor Brothers terrorised much of northern New South Wales .
Bushranging was common on the mainland , but Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- Tasmania -RRB- produced the most violent and serious outbreaks of convict bushrangers .
Leading a band of escaped convicts , Donahue became central to Australian folklore as the Wild Colonial Boy .
He was reported in newspapers around 1827 as being responsible for an outbreak of bushranging on the road between Sydney and Windsor .
Among the last bushrangers was the Kelly Gang led by Ned Kelly , who were captured at Glenrowan in 1880 , two years after they were outlawed .
The bushrangers ' heyday was the Gold Rush years of the 1850s and 1860s as the discovery of gold gave bushrangers access to great wealth that was portable and easily converted to cash .
Indigenous outlaw Musquito defied colonial law and led attacks on settlers .
John `` Black '' Caesar is generally regarded as the first bushranger .
Bold Jack Donahue is recorded as the last convict bushranger .
He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot and killed by a settler at liberty plains in 1796 .
George Melville was hanged in front of a large crowd for robbing the McIvor gold escort near Castlemaine in 1853 .
Frank Gardiner , John Gilbert and Ben Hall led the most notorious gangs of the period .
Throughout the 1830s he was regarded as the most notorious bushranger in the colony .
Hundreds of convicts were at large in the bush , farms were abandoned and martial law was proclaimed .
Much of the activity in this era was in the Lachlan Valley , around Forbes , Yass and Cowra .
Bushranging numbers flourished in New South Wales with the rise of the colonial-born sons of poor , often ex-convict squatters who were drawn to a more glamorous life than mining or farming .
ESPE Basket ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne is a ChÃ cents lons ' basketball team .
British comedian Eddie Izzard mentions ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne -LRB- at the time known as ChÃ cents lons-sur-Marne -RRB- on his stand-up album Definite Article , as part of a routine in which he tells of his school exchange trip to ChÃ cents lons-sur-Marne , one of the highlights of which was a visit to a glue factory .
Rita Coolidge -LRB- born May 1 , 1945 -RRB- is a multiple Grammy Award-winning American vocalist .
Alaska plaice feed mostly on polychaetes , but also eat amphipods and echiurans .
Like most flatfish , they live on the bottom of the continental shelf , up to 600 metres deep .
Their geographic range is from the Gulf of Alaska in the east , to the Chukchi Sea in the north , to the Sea of Japan in the west .
The 2005 total allowable catch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area -LRB- BSAI -RRB- was reached before the end of May of that year .
Alaska plaice -LRB- Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus -RRB- is a saltwater fish that live in the North Pacific Ocean .
Alaska plaice can live for up to 30 years , and grow to 60 centimetres -LRB- 24 inches -RRB- long , but most that get caught are only seven or eight years old , and about 30 cm -LRB- 12 in -RRB- .
He was continued in office by John Adams and served through the entire Adams administration until February 19 , 1801 .
After Senate approval he took office on December 10 , 1795 and served through the rest of the administration .
He served as United States Attorney General from 1795 until 1801 .
Charles Lee -LRB- 1758 -- June 24 , 1815 -RRB- was an American lawyer from Virginia .
President Washington appointed Lee the Attorney General after William Bradford died in office .
In 2008 , TVXQ made it in the Guinness World Records for having the world 's largest official fan club .
From the day of their debut to March 19 , 2009 , the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines , albums jackets , and commercials , etc. .
They also made the Guinness World Records a second time in 2009 .
Cassiopeia , the band 's official fan club , is claimed to have more than 800,000 official members just in South Korea , more than 200,000 official members in Japan -LRB- BigEast -RRB- and more than 200,000 international fans -LRB- iCassies -RRB- .
Aside from having the world 's largest fan club , the group was also listed as the most photographed celebrities in the world .
The total figure includes individual photos as well as group pictures .
Duran Duran were never the same after this break .
Below is sample of ten important historian who have praised the Shahnameh and Ferdowsi :
Lesmont is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France .
The boys invade a bakery which they believe is closed . Attempting to steal pretzels , they fall into a vat of dough .
Advancing forty or sixty kilometers by blatant military aggression and offering to withdraw twenty kilometers provided both sides do this is a deceptive device which can fool nobody . ''
What is this ` line of control ' ?
In a letter dated 7 November 1959 Zhou told Nehru that the LAC consisted of `` the so-called McMahon Line in the east and the line up to which each side exercises actual control in the west '' .
The Line of Actual Control -LRB- LAC -RRB- is the effective border between India and China .
Is this the line they have created by aggression since the beginning of September ?
The LAC is 4,057-km long and traverses three areas of northern Indian states : western -LRB- Ladakh , Kashmir -RRB- , middle -LRB- Uttarakhand , Himachal -RRB- and eastern -LRB- Sikkim , Arunachal -RRB- .
During the Sino-Indian War -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , Nehru claimed not to know where the line was : `` There is no sense or meaning in the Chinese offer to withdraw twenty kilometers from what they call ` line of actual control ' .
A peridotite is a dense , coarse-grained igneous rock , consisting mostly of the minerals olivine and pyroxene .
Conversion kits and services are available to convert production model hybrid vehicles to plug-ins . Other plug-in vehicles ongoing demonstration trials or slated to the market for 2011 and 2012 are the Fisker Karma , Toyota Prius Plug-in Hybrid , Ford Escape Plug-in Hybrid , Volvo V70 Plug-in Hybrid , Suzuki Swift Plug-in and the Ford C-Max Energi .
Moline is a city located in Rock Island County , Illinois , United States , with a population of 43,483 in 2010 . Moline is one of the Quad Cities , along with neighboring East Moline and Rock Island in Illinois and the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf in Iowa .
My Chemical Romance 's general style has been categorized as `` alternative rock '' , `` post-hardcore '' , `` punk revival '' , `` pop punk '' and , most controversially , `` emo '' .
The band 's official website describes their music as simply `` rock '' or `` violent , dangerous pop '' .
Way has also said that his band patterns their career after that of The Smashing Pumpkins , another band they admire .
However , Way has reportedly also described the band 's style as `` What-else-ya-got-emo '' .
Lead singer Gerard Way has stated that the band is heavily influenced by Queen , The Misfits , Black Flag , Iron Maiden , The Cure , Joy Division , Bauhaus , Siouxsie and the Banshees , and The Smiths\/Morrisey .
Way said to Rolling Stone , `` We love bands like Queen , where it 's huge and majestic , but also bands like Black Flag and the Misfits , who would go absolutely crazy . ''
Band frontman Gerard Way has publicly rejected the term `` emo '' , describing the genre as `` fucking garbage '' .
Tripoli -LRB- , TrÃ poli , formerly Î Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï , TrÃ polis ; traditionally Î Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Tripolitsa -RRB- is a city of about 25,000 inhabitants in the central part of the Peloponnese , in Greece .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Arcadia and the center of the municipality of Tripolis , pop .
Stade BalibiÃ is a multi-use stadium in Koudougou , Burkina Faso .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Association Sportive des EmployÃ s et CommerÃ ants de Koudougou .
The stadium holds 30,000 people .
Founded in 1855 , Bates was New England 's first coeducational college .
Bates College is a highly selective , private liberal arts college located in Lewiston , Maine , in the United States .
Ver-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy , London began competing for Ring of Honor , where although he never won a title , began being popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves .
In late 2006 , Kendrick returned , and the two reformed as a team .
London was released from his WWE contract on November 7 , 2008 .
After Kendrick briefly left WWE , London formed a tag team with Billy Kidman , and together they won the WWE Tag Team Championship .
During his second reign as WWE Tag Team Champion , London and his partner , Brian Kendrick , became the longest reigning WWE Tag Team Champions since the title 's creation .
After their split , London began competing in the cruiserweight division , and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship once .
Paul Michael London -LRB- born April 16 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
London made his debut in WWE in late 2003 , and immediately began teaming with fellow cruiserweight Spanky -LRB- Brian Kendrick -RRB- .
London and Kendrick were previously managed by former WWE Diva , Ashley Massaro , who London has previously dated .
In WWE , London is a former one-time WWE Cruiserweight Champion , one-time World Tag Team Champion , and two-time WWE Tag Team Champion .
The team split when Kendrick was drafted to the SmackDown brand in June 2008 , and London was released later that year .
He later competed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , Pro Wrestling Zero-One , and various independent promotions , winning numerous championships and won the ECWA Super 8 Tournament in 2003 .
Please , see the instructions there .
This is a supportive template for various infoboxes from the : Category : Geobox series , not intended to be used on its own .
It 's a project under construction so the instructions might not be available or up-to-date yet .
On November 27 , 1978 , Milk and Mayor George Moscone were assassinated by Dan White , another city supervisor who had recently resigned but wanted his job back .
His theatrical campaigns earned him increasing popularity , and Milk won a seat as a city supervisor in 1977 , part of the broader social changes the city was experiencing .
Harvey Bernard Milk -LRB- May 22 , 1930 â `` November 27 , 1978 -RRB- was an American politician who became the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California , when he won a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors .
Milk served 11 months in office and was responsible for passing a stringent gay rights ordinance for the city .
Despite his short career in politics , Milk became an icon in San Francisco and `` a martyr for gay rights '' , according to University of San Francisco professor Peter Novak .
Anne Kronenberg , his final campaign manager , wrote of him : `` What set Harvey apart from you or me was that he was a visionary .
Milk was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 .
In 2002 , Milk was called `` the most famous and most significantly open LGBT official ever elected in the United States '' .
Milk moved from New York City to settle in San Francisco in 1972 amid a migration of gay men to the Castro District .
He imagined a righteous world inside his head and then he set about to create it for real , for all of us . ''
Julie Deborah Kavner -LRB- born September 7 , 1950 -RRB- is an American film and television actress , comedian and voice artist .
Noted for her role as Marge Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons , she also voices other characters for the show , including Patty and Selma Bouvier .
The episode includes the debuts of three recurring characters , Lionel Hutz , Dr. Nick Riviera and the Blue-Haired Lawyer .
`` Bart Gets Hit by a Car '' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons second season .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 10 , 1991 .
Recurring guest star Phil Hartman makes his first appearance as Hutz . The show 's then-script supervisor Doris Grau also voices a character in the show for the first time .
KÃ ta Sugiyama -LRB- æ å æ å Sugiyama KÅ ta , born 24 January 1985 in Shizuoka Prefecture , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football midfielder currently playing for J1 team Shimizu S-Pulse .
In music theory , the circle of fifths -LRB- or circle of fourths -RRB- shows the relationships among the twelve tones of the chromatic scale , their corresponding key signatures , and the associated major and minor keys .
Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore , though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches -LRB- 24.6 mm -RRB- on Nantucket .
Throughout much of its duration , the storm tracked through an environment with light vertical wind shear and well-established upper-level outflow .
Across southeastern Massachusetts , police departments maintained extra staff in preparation for any potential problems from the storm .
Shortly after becoming a tropical storm , the low-level circulation of Beryl became exposed with limited deep convection , though deep convection re-developed the following morning .
The only reported damage were some downed telephone poles and fallen tree branches .
About 22 hours before landfall , the National Hurricane Center replaced the watch with a tropical storm warning for the same area , and also issued a tropical storm watch from Woods Hole , Massachusetts westward to New Haven , Connecticut and for the eastern portion of Long Island from east of Fire Island to Port Jefferson .
Overall damage was minor .
Forecasters initially predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas ; as such , a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse .
Moderate winds were reported along its path , which peaked at 60 mph -LRB- 96 km\/h -RRB- in southern Nova Scotia .
The depression moved slowly to the north-northwest through a break in the subtropical ridge , and as convective banding features became more prominent the system intensified into Tropical Storm Beryl .
Rainfall along southeastern Massachusetts reached 0.33 inches -LRB- 8.38 mm -RRB- at Chatham .
Hours later , it made landfall in southwestern Nova Scotia , and on July 22 the extratropical remnants of Beryl merged with an approaching cold front over Newfoundland .
Beryl produced rough seas along the northeast United States coastline .
Beryl later produced moderate rainfall and gusty winds across Atlantic Canada , resulting in some localized power outages though little damage .
No deaths were reported .
In anticipation of heavy rainfall , the agency also issued heavy rainfall warnings for western Nova Scotia , including Halifax .
Several days prior to the passage of Beryl through Atlantic Canada , the Canadian Hurricane Centre issued gale warnings for the coastal waters off Nova Scotia and Newfoundland .
High surf also occurred along the southern coast of Massachusetts and Rhode Island .
Local Red Cross chapters were opened , as well , with two volunteer teams placed on standby to assist .
Many fishermen secured their boats , while some business owners boarded up windows to prevent storm damage .
Late on July 20 , it began a slow weakening trend after passing over cooler waters .
The convection diminished as it moved through progressively colder waters , and shortly after 1200 UTC on July 21 Beryl became an extratropical cyclone a short distance east of Cape Cod .
After turning to the northeast , Beryl weakened over cooler waters .
Developing from a tropical disturbance on July 18 , it tracked generally northward , and strengthened to attain peak winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- under generally favorable conditions .
The rainfall caused some flooding , with some overflown streams flooding some streets .
Overall impact was minor ; there were no reported power outages , deaths , injuries , or maritime emergencies in association with the storm .
Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet -LRB- 3 m -RRB- in height as the storm approached the island , resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents .
The extratropical remnants continued northeastward through Nova Scotia , and on July 22 it merged with an approaching cold front .
Steering winds ahead of an approaching mid-level trough caused Beryl to accelerate northeastward , and early on July 21 the center of the storm crossed the island of Nantucket .
In Massachusetts , its impact was limited to light rainfall and gusty winds , with no reported damage .
The remnants of Beryl dropped moderate precipitation in Atlantic Canada , officially peaking at 2.8 inches -LRB- 71 mm -RRB- in Scots Bay , Nova Scotia with an unofficially higher total of 3.5 inches -LRB- 88 mm -RRB- ; in some locations 1 inch of rain fell in an hour .
Outflow continued to improve , and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl gradually intensified to attain peak winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- early on July 20 while located about 120 miles -LRB- 190 km -RRB- east of Nags Head , North Carolina .
Tropical Storm Beryl was the third tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season .
Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light , with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph -LRB- 71 km\/h -RRB- ; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph -LRB- 82 km\/h -RRB- .
On July 21 it struck the island of Nantucket , and shortly thereafter it became extratropical .
A cold front moved off the East Coast of the United States on July 16 and stalled off the coast of North Carolina .
Beryl also produced a storm surge of 0.9 feet -LRB- .27 m -RRB- on Nantucket .
The first low quickly organized into an unnamed tropical storm , and the other area initially remained broad and ill-defined .
However , by July 18 , the system became much better organized with improved banding features , and the area developed into Tropical Depression Two while located 220 miles -LRB- 355 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Hatteras .
Beryl maintained peak winds for about 18 hours as it paralleled the Mid-Atlantic and New Jersey coasts , during which an eye-like feature developed in the center of the convection .
It gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles -LRB- 490 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Cod and another was located 200 miles -LRB- 320 km -RRB- south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina .
The winds downed some tree limbs and led to some power outages .
Additionally , a station in Fredericton , New Brunswick reported 1.77 inches -LRB- 45 mm -RRB- in two hours .
The storm caused high waves along the East Coast of the United States , with 19-foot seas -LRB- 5.97 m -RRB- in the open ocean .
In anticipation for the storm , the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency was activated as a trial run for the hurricane season .
When a more northeastward track became apparent , a tropical storm watch was issued about 33 hours prior to moving ashore from Woods Hole to Plymouth , Massachusetts , including Cape Cod , Nantucket , and Martha 's Vineyard .
They originally worked in the North-East of England but were later transferred to Wales and South-West England .
The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit , part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 and 1986 .
The University of Colorado Boulder -LRB- CU-Boulder ; CU -RRB- is a public research university located in Boulder , Colorado .
It is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system and was founded five months before Colorado was admitted to the union in 1876 .
In 2001 , the club moved from Kawasaki to ChÅ fu , Tokyo and was re-named Tokyo Verdy 1969 to reflect the new hometown and the club 's origins as Yomiuri F.C. Although Verdy made the move to increase its fan base and distance itself from its rivals , by this time Tokyo was already home to a J1 club in F.C. Tokyo . Despite a sharp increase in crowd numbers for Verdy , this was still well below those of F.C. Tokyo .
Rah Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shahr-e-Rey .
The table below chronicles the achievements of Rah Ahan every season , from 2002 to the present day .
They currently play in the IPL .
Morris Thompson , an Alaskan politician , was born and raised in Tanana . After he died in the crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 , his body was buried in Tanana .
Gordy and Robinson had a synergistic relationship , with Robinson providing a foundation for Motown 's hit-making success and Gordy acting as a mentor for the budding singer and songwriter .
By 1961 , Gordy had appointed Robinson vice-president of Motown Records , a title Robinson held for as long as Gordy remained with the company .
Martin JirÃ nek -LRB- born 25 May 1979 in Prague -RRB- is a Czech footballer who plays for Birmingham City as a defender .
MachÃ is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Electricity is transmitted at high voltages -LRB- 110 kV or above -RRB- to reduce the energy lost in long distance transmission . Power is usually transmitted through overhead power lines .
He has held the titles of General Secretary of the Communist Party of China since 2002 , President of the People 's Republic of China since 2003 , and Chairman of the Central Military Commission since 2004 , succeeding Jiang Zemin as the top leader of fourth generation leadership of the Communist Party of China .
Hu Jintao -LRB- Pinyin : HÃ JÇ ntÄ o , pronounced ; born 21 December 1942 , in Taizhou , Jiangsu -RRB- is the current Paramount Leader of the People 's Republic of China .
The United States customary system -LRB- also called American system -RRB- .
The U.S. customary units have common roots with the imperial units , which were used in the British Empire . Many U.S. units are virtually identical to their imperial counterparts , but the U.S. customary system developed from English units in use before the imperial system was standardized in 1824 , and there are several numerical differences from the imperial system .
Due to lack of reliable documentation there is a great degree of debate over Waldo 's role in the Waldensian sect which may have existed before his leadership , while the French historian Thuanus dated his death to the year 1179 .
Centuries after his death , the Waldensian denomination joined the Genevan or Reformed branch of the Protestant Reformation .
The Roman Catholic Church began to persecute the Waldensians , and many were tried and sentenced to death in various European countries during the 12th , 13th , and 14th centuries .
In 1179 , Waldo and one of his disciples went to Rome where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III , and the Roman Curia .
Between 1175-1185 Peter Waldo either commissioned a cleric from Lyons to translate the New Testament into the vernacular , the Arpitan -LRB- Franco-Proven Ã al -RRB- language or was himself involved in this translation work .
Peter Waldo , Valdo , or Waldes -LRB- c. 1140 -- c. 1218 -RRB- , also Pierre VaudÃ s or de Vaux , is credited as the founder of the Waldensians , a Christian spiritual movement of the Middle Ages , descendants of which still exist in various regions of southern Europe .
Driven away from Lyons , Waldo and his followers settled in the high valleys of Piedmont , and in France , in the Luberon .
They had to explain their faith before a panel of three clergymen , including issues which were then debated within the Church , as the universal priesthood , the gospel in the vulgar tongue , and the issue of self-imposed poverty .
Finally , Waldo was excommunicated by Pope Lucius III during the synod held at Verona in 1184 , and the doctrine of the Poor of Lyons was again condemned by the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215 where they are mentioned by name for the first time , and regarded as heresy .
The results of the meeting were inconclusive , and Waldo 's ideas , but not the movement itself , were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year , though the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated .
From this point onward he began living a radical Christian life giving his property over to his wife , while the remainder of his belongings he distributed as alms to the poor .
By 1170 he had gathered a large number of followers who were referred to as the Poor of Lyons , the Poor of Lombardy , or the Poor of God who would spread their teaching abroad while disguised as peddlers .
Often referred to as the Waldensians -LRB- or Waldenses -RRB- , they were distinct from the Albigensians or Cathari .
Sometime shortly before the year 1160 he was inspired by a series of events , firstly , after hearing a sermon on the life of St. Alexius , secondly , when rejection of transubstantiation was made a capital crime , thirdly , the sudden and unexpected death of a friend during an evening meal .
Lech Walesa -LRB- Polish : -RRB- -LRB- , Ë lÉ k vÉ Ë wÉ nsÉ or ; born 29 September 1943 -RRB- is a Polish politician , trade-union organizer , and human-rights activist . A charismatic leader , he co-founded Solidarity -LRB- SolidarnoÅ Ä -RRB- , the Soviet bloc 's first independent trade union , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 , and served as President of Poland 1990 â `` 95 .
Malacca also has one international school called Melaka International School , which caters to the expatriate community in Malacca .
Malacca has adopted as its slogan , `` Visiting Malacca Means Visiting Malaysia '' -LRB- `` Melawat Melaka Bererti Melawati Malaysia '' -RRB- .
Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia .
The administrative and judicial functions of the government were shifted from Kuala Lumpur to Putrajaya .
Kuala Lumpur later achieved city status in 1972 , becoming the first settlement in Malaysia to be granted the status after independence . Later , on February 1 , 1974 , Kuala Lumpur became a Federal Territory .
In addition , Kuala Lumpur is home to the tallest twin buildings in the world , the Petronas Twin Towers , which have become an iconic symbol of Malaysia 's futuristic developments .
The average player will generally have a repertoire of around ten pieces which they will aim to play very well , learning new pieces as and when they feel like it or if the opportunity arises .
Qin pieces are usually around three to eight minutes in length , with the longest being `` Guangling San '' , which is 22 minutes long .
The music of the qin can be categorised as three distinctively different `` sounds . ''
Nowadays , many qin players perform at concerts in large concert halls , almost always , out of necessity , using electronic pickups or microphones to amplify the sound .
Traditionally , the qin was played in a quiet studio or room by oneself , or with a few friends ; or played outdoors in places of outstanding natural beauty .
The first is san yin -LRB- æ # é -RRB- , which means `` scattered sounds . ''
According to tradition , the qin originally had five strings , representing the five elements of metal , wood , water , fire and earth .
The twisted cord of strings is then wrapped around a frame and immersed in a vat of liquid composed of a special mixture of natural glue that binds the strands together .
It can also be called qixianqin -LRB- lit . `` seven-stringed instrument '' -RRB- .
Later in the Tang dynasty , Cao Rou and others simplified the notation , using only the important elements of the characters -LRB- like string number , plucking technique , hui number and which finger to stop the string -RRB- and combined them into one character notation .
By the 20th century , there had been attempts to try to replace the `` jianzi pu '' notation , but so far , it has been unsuccessful ; since the 20th century , qin music is generally printed with staff notation above the qin tablature .
An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript , dated to the seventh century CE , called Jieshi Diao Youlan -LRB- Solitary Orchid in Stone Tablet Mode -RRB- .
Other famous pieces include `` Liu Shui '' -LRB- Flowing Water -RRB- , `` Yangguan San Die '' -LRB- Three Refrains on the Yang Pass Theme -RRB- , `` Meihua San Nong '' -LRB- Three Variations on the Plum Blossom Theme -RRB- , `` Xiao Xiang Shui Yun '' -LRB- Mist and Clouds over the Xiao and Xiang Rivers -RRB- , and `` Pingsha Luo Yan '' -LRB- Wild Geese Descending on the Sandbank -RRB- .
In old times , the se -LRB- a long zither with movable bridges and 25 strings , similar to the Japanese koto -RRB- was frequently used in duets with the qin .
There are a number of ancient sources that discuss qin lore , qin theory and general qin literature .
They sit facing one another , with the student copying the master .
It can , however , be played together with a xiao -LRB- end-blown bamboo flute -RRB- , with other qin , or played while singing .
In 1977 , a recording of `` Flowing Water '' -LRB- Liu Shui , as performed by Guan Pinghu , one of the best qin players of the 20th century -RRB- was chosen to be included in the Voyager Golden Record , a gold-plated LP recording containing music from around the world , which was sent into outer space by NASA on the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecrafts .
Because Robert Hans van Gulik 's famous book about the qin is called The Lore of the Chinese Lute , the guqin is sometimes inaccurately called a lute .
This is produced by plucking the required string to sound an open note .
Players mainly learn popular well transcribed versions , often using a recording as a reference .
Because of this , traditional qinpu do not indicate them -LRB- though near the end of the Qing dynasty , a handful of qinpu had started to employ various rhythm indicating devices , such as dots -RRB- .
Many traditionalists feel that the sound of the fingers of the left hand sliding on the strings to be a distinctive feature of qin music .
In 2003 , guqin music was proclaimed as one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO .
Sadly , many qinpu compiled before the Ming dynasty are now lost , and many pieces have remained unplayed for hundreds of years .
By tradition the qin originally had five strings , but ancient qin-like instruments with 10 or more strings have been found .
This was partly due to the scarcity of high quality silk strings and partly due to the newer strings ' greater durability and louder tone .
Silk strings are made by gathering a prescribed number of strands of silk thread , then twisting them tightly together .
Additionally , nylon-wrapped metal strings can cause damage to the wood of old qins .
The modern form has been standardized for about two millennia .
The style of singing is similar to that used to recite Tang poetry .
The surface board is round to represent Heaven and the bottom board flat to represent earth .
The top thicker strings -LRB- i.e. strings one to four -RRB- are further wrapped in a thin silk thread , coiled around the core to make it smoother .
If one did not have a teacher , then one had to work out the rhythm by themselves .
Other incorrect classifications , mainly from music compact discs , include `` harp '' or `` table-harp '' .
The entire length of the qin -LRB- in Chinese measurements -RRB- is 3 chi , 6 cun and 5 fen ; representing the 365 days of the year -LRB- though this is just a standard since qins can be shorter or longer depending on the period 's measurement standard or the maker 's preference -RRB- .
Normally , qin players will learn the rhythm of a piece through a teacher or master .
It was so successful that from the Ming dynasty onwards , a great many qinpu -LRB- ç è -RRB- -LRB- qin tablature collections -RRB- appeared , the most famous and useful being `` Shenqi Mipu '' -LRB- The Mysterious and Marvellous Tablature -RRB- compiled by Zhu Quan , the 17th son of the founder of the Ming dynasty .
These are harmonics , in which the player lightly touches the string with one or more fingers of the left hand at a position indicated by the hui dots , pluck and lift , creating a crisp and clear sound .
The qin society will encourage meetings with fellow qin players in order to play music and maybe discuss the nature of the qin . Gatherings like this are called yajis , or `` elegant gatherings '' , which take place once every month or two .
If one sings to qin songs -LRB- which is rare nowadays -RRB- then one should not sing in an operatic or folk style as is common in China , but rather in a very low pitched and deep way ; and the range in which one should sing should not exceed one and a half octaves .
In order for an instrument to accompany the qin , its sound must be mellow and not overwhelm the qin .
The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the twelfth century CE .
The tablature will only be consulted if the teacher is not sure of how to play a certain part .
The guqin -LRB- simplified\/traditional : å ç ; pinyin : gÇ '' qÃ n ; Wades-Giles ku-ch ` in ; ; literally `` ancient stringed instrument '' -RRB- is the modern name for a plucked seven-string Chinese musical instrument of the zither family .
Legend has it that the qin , the most revered of all Chinese musical instruments , has a history of about 5,000 years . This legend states that the legendary figures of China 's pre-history â '' Fuxi , Shennong and Huang Di , the `` Yellow Emperor '' â '' were involved in its creation .
Later , in the Zhou dynasty , Zhou Wen Wang added a sixth string to mourn his son , Bo Yihou .
The third is an yin -LRB- æ é \/ æ é \/ å é \/ è é -RRB- , or `` stopped sounds . ''
The classical collections such as Qin Shi , Qinshi Bu and Qinshi Xu include biographies of hundreds more players .
Certain melodies are also associated with famous figures , such as Confucius and Qu Yuan .
Since qin tablature does not indicate note value , tempo or rhythm , the player must work it out for him\/herself .
This forms the bulk of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it connects with the surface board , then pluck .
It is mentioned in Chinese writings dating back nearly 3,000 years , and related instruments have been found in Tomb of Marquis Yi of Zeng from about 2,500 years ago .
Written qin music did not directly tell what notes were played ; instead , it was written in a tablature detailing tuning , finger positions , and stroke technique , thus comprising a step by step method and description of how to play a piece .
The guqin is nearly always used a solo instrument , as its quietness of tone means that it can not compete with the sounds of most other instruments or an ensemble .
Many artists down through the ages have played the instrument , and the instrument was a favorite of scholars .
The guqin is not to be confused with the guzheng , another Chinese long zither also without frets , but with moveable bridges under each string .
Dapu -LRB- æ `` è -RRB- is the transcribing of old tablature into a playable form .
Because of the difference in geography in China , many qin schools known as qin pai developed over the centuries .
Some tablatures do indicate notes using the gongche system , or indicate rhythm using dots .
To enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of Zha Fuxi .
Although most contemporary players use nylon-wrapped metal strings , some argue that nylon-wrapped metal strings can not replace silk strings for their refinement of tone .
The second is fan yin -LRB- æ é -RRB- , or `` floating sounds . ''
Traditionally , the instrument was simply referred to as qin -LRB- Wade-Giles ch ` in -RRB- but by the twentieth century the term had come to be applied to many other musical instruments as well : the yangqin hammered dulcimer , the huqin family of bowed string instruments , and the Western piano are examples of this usage . The prefix `` gu - '' -LRB- meaning `` ancient '' -RRB- was later added for clarification .
zhongqing gauge -RRB- with a container of ` string gum ' ã ç è ã , ã -- ä é ç ç å 1\/4 ã -- Shangyin Shanghai Conservatorie Quality Qin Strings -LRB- metal-nylon -RRB- , ã -- è ä å ç ç ã -- Huqiu Silk Strings -RRB- -RRB- Until recently , the guqin 's strings were always made of various thicknesses of twisted silk , but since then most players use modern nylon-flatwound steel strings .
The guqin is a very quiet instrument , with a range of about four octaves , and its open strings are tuned in the bass register . Its lowest pitch is about two octaves below middle C , or the lowest note on the cello .
His successor , Zhou Wu Wang , added a seventh string to motivate his troops into battle with the Shang .
Such schools generally formed around areas where qin activity was greatest .
This meant that instead of having two lines of written text to describe a few notes , a single character could represent one note , or sometimes as many as nine .
The strings is taken out and left to dry , before being cut into the appropriate length .
Because qin tablature is so useful , logical , easy , and the fastest way -LRB- once the performer knows how to read the notation -RRB- of learning a piece , it is invaluable to the qin player and can not totally be replaced -LRB- just as staff notation can not be replaced for Western instruments , because they developed a notation system that suited the instruments well -RRB- .
This notation form was called jianzi pu -LRB- æ å -- è -RRB- -LRB- literally `` reduced notation '' -RRB- and it was a great leap forward for recording qin pieces .
It is the longest excerpt included on the disc .
Each part of the qin has meaning , some more obvious , like `` dragon pool '' and `` phoenix pond '' .
The modern nylon-wrapped metal strings were very smooth in the past , but are now slightly modified in order to capture these sliding sounds .
But it would be a mistake to assume that qin music is devoid of rhythm and melody .
In the 1960s , Zha Fuxi discovered more than 130 qinpu that contain well over 3360 pieces of written music .
Thus , the xiao generally used for this purpose is one pitched in the key of F , known as qin xiao ã ç ç `` ã , which is narrower than an ordinary xiao .
It is written in a longhand form called wenzi pu -LRB- æ -- å -- è -RRB- -LRB- literally `` written notation '' -RRB- , said to have been created by Yong Menzhou during the Warring States Period , which gives all the details using ordinary written Chinese characters .
Many qin players attend yajis , at which a number of qin players , music lovers , or anyone with an interest in Chinese culture can come along to discuss and play the qin .
Sounds are produced by plucking open strings , stopped strings , and harmonics .
The thirteen hui on the surface represent the 13 months of the year -LRB- the extra 13th is the ` leap month ' in the lunar calendar -RRB- .
In addition to learning to play established or ancient pieces very well , highly skilled qin players may also compose or improvise , although the player must be very good and extremely familiar with the instrument to do this successfully .
The city of Schwelm was officially established in 1496 and became seat of the Ennepe-Ruhr district in 1929 . According to its area , Schwelm is the smallest town in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Schwelm is situated in the southeast of the `` Ruhrgebiet '' , the Ruhr Area of Germany , between Westphalia and the `` Bergisches Land '' .
Schwelm is home to the `` Brauerei Schwelm '' , the Schwelm Brewery , one of the few remaining private breweries in Germany .
The original administration building of the brewery , the `` Rietz ` sche Haus '' built in 1701 , is still in use today .
The history of Schwelm can be traced back to the ninth century , where it is first mentioned as `` Suelmiu '' .
Schwelm is commonly known as the `` Pforte Westfalens '' -LRB- `` Gate to Westphalia '' -RRB- .
According to its area , Schwelm is the smallest town in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Since 1794 , `` Rud .
The oldest piano manufacturer in the world is located in Schwelm .
Established in 1830 by Haarmann & Kathagen , the brewery was one of the first worldwide to switch from wooden to metal storage containers .
The city of Schwelm was officially established in 1496 and became seat of the Ennepe-Ruhr district in 1929 .
Ibach Sohn '' has been building pianos and , until 1904 , organs in Schwelm .
; Infracommunity : All the parasites of all species in a single individual host . ; Compound community : All the parasites of all species in all host species in an ecosystem .
BR 's Swindon Works were chosen to design and build express units for the ex-North British Railway Edinburgh Waverley to Glasgow Queen Street route .
The introduction of these early diesel multiple units originated in a British Transport Commission report of 1952 that suggested the trial use of diesel railcars .
Brazil is a city in Clay County , Indiana , United States .
The city is the county seat of Clay County .
One notable omission was the South African cricket team who were not competing due to the international sports boycott .
At their meeting which followed the World Cup , the International Cricket Conference agreed to make the competition a four-yearly event .
In the semi-final , Sri Lanka , headed towards a crushing victory over India at Eden Gardens -LRB- Calcutta -RRB- after their hosts slumped to 120\/8 from being 98\/1 in pursuit of 252 , were awarded victory by default after riots broke out in protest against the Indian performance .
Kenya 's victories against Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe , among others , along with New Zealand 's forfeit helped them get a Semi-final berth against India , the best result by an associate .
Eight teams participated in the first tournament : Australia , England , the West Indies , Pakistan , India , and New Zealand -LRB- the six Test nations at the time -RRB- , with Sri Lanka and a composite team from East Africa .
The 1992 Cricket World Cup held by Australia and New Zealand brought many changes to the game such as colored clothing , white balls , day\/night matches and an alteration to the fielding restrictions .
In the final Australia dismissed Pakistan for 132 and reached the target in just over 20 overs , with eight wickets in hand .
The 1979 Cricket World Cup saw the introduction of the ICC Trophy , a competition used to select non-Test playing teams for the World Cup . Sri Lanka and Canada qualified through the ICC Trophy in 1979 .
The first three tournaments were officially known as the Prudential Cup after the financial services company Prudential plc who sponsored the event .
The number of teams participating in the event increased from twelve to fourteen .
The matches were of 60 overs per team and played in traditional white uniform and red balls .
Ireland making their World Cup debut tied with Zimbabwe and defeated Pakistan to progress to the second round , where they went on to defeating Bangladesh to get promoted to the main ODI table . Following their defeat to Ireland , the Pakistani coach Bob Woolmer was found dead in his hotel room ; contrasting reports from different sources say that he was either murdered or died of natural causes .
India were crowned champions after upsetting the West Indies by 43 runs in the final .
West Indies again won the World Cup tournament , defeating England by 92 runs .
By this time , Sri Lanka had become a Test playing nation , and Zimbabwe qualified through the ICC Trophy .
In the final , Australia made 359 runs for the loss of two wickets , the largest ever total in a final , to defeat India by 125 runs .
However , a mix-up between Klusener and Allan Donald on the fourth ball saw Donald drop his bat and be stranded mid-pitch to be run out .
The Cricket World Cup was first held in 1975 in England , which was the only nation that was able to put forward the resources to stage an event of such magnitude .
Australia won the championship by defeating England by 7 runs , the closest margin so far in World Cup final history .
West Indies won the first Cricket World Cup by defeating Australia by 17 runs in the final .
The games were reduced from 60 to 50 overs per innings , the current standard , because of the shorter daylight hours on the subcontinent when compared to England .
The 1983 event was hosted by England for a third consecutive time .
In 2007 the tournament was hosted by the West Indies ; the Cricket World Cup became the first such tournament to be hosted on all six populated continents - Europe -LRB- 1975 , 1979 , 1983 , 1999 -RRB- ; Asia -LRB- 1987 , 1996 -RRB- ; Australasia -LRB- 1992 -RRB- ; Africa -LRB- 2003 -RRB- ; North and South America -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
Sri Lanka went on to claim their inaugural championship by defeating the favorites Australia in the final by seven wickets , held in Lahore .
Australia defeated Sri Lanka in the final by 53 runs -LRB- D\/L -RRB- , in farcical light conditions , extending their undefeated run in the World Cup to 29 matches and winning three straight World Cups .
The 1999 event returned to England after sixteen years with some matches also held in Ireland , Scotland and the Netherlands .
It was the first tournament that the South African cricket team played in , following the end of the international sports boycott .
The 1987 Cricket World Cup held in India and Pakistan was the first World Cup hosted outside of England .
South Africa , Zimbabwe and Kenya hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup .
Referred as the ` Cornered Tigers ' at the time , Pakistan overcame a dismal start to emerge as winners , defeating England by 22 runs in the final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground .
Hereford cattle are a beef cattle breed , widely used both in intemperate areas and temperate areas , mainly for meat production .
They originally found great popularity among ranchers of the American Southwest , testament to the hardiness of the breed ; while originating in cool , moist Britain , they have proven to thrive in much harsher climates on nearly every continent .
For use on the various pages on multiple unit trains .
Mary Boleyn was Henry 's mistress before her sister , Anne , became his second wife .
Born at Greenwich Palace , Henry VIII was the third child of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York .
As it was expected that the throne would pass to Prince Arthur , Henry 's older brother , Henry was prepared for a life in the church .
Henry VIII -LRB- 28 June 1491 â `` 28 January 1547 -RRB- was King of England from 21 April 1509 until his death .
Henry was given a first-rate education from leading tutors , becoming fluent in Latin , French , and Spanish .
The moon was sometimes called Hestia , after the Greek goddess , from 1955 to 1975 .
It is the largest member of the group that bears its name , the moons orbiting between 11.4 and 13 million kilometers from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5 Â .
Himalia , the largest irregular satellite of Jupiter , was discovered by Charles Dillon Perrine at the Lick Observatory on 3 December 1904 .
The moon covers only a few pixels , but seems to be an elongated object with axes 150 Â 20 and 120 Â 20 km , close to the Earth-based estimations .
Measurements by Cassini confirm a featureless spectrum , with a slight absorption at 3 Î 1\/4 m which could indicate the presence of water .
The moon did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as ' or Jupiter Satellite VI , although calls for a full name appeared shortly after its and Elara 's discovery ; A.C.D. Crommelin wrote in 1905 : Unfortunately the numeration of Jupiter 's satellites is now in precisely the same confusion as that of Saturn 's system was before the numbers were abandoned and names substituted .
In February and March 2007 , the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto made a series of images of Himalia , culminating in photos from a distance of eight million km .
The orbital elements are as of January 2000 .
A similar course would seem to be advisable here ; the designation V for the inner satellite was tolerated for a time , as it was considered to be in a class by itself ; but it has now got companions , so that this subterfuge disappears .
Driggs is a city in Teton County , Idaho , United States .
Ulm is a city in the German Bundesland of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , situated on the River Danube .
Internationally , Ulm is primarily known for having the church with the tallest steeple in the world , the Gothic minster -LRB- Ulm Minster , German : Ulmer MÃ 1\/4 nster -RRB- and as the birthplace of Albert Einstein .
Blausasc is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Koichiro Katafuchi -LRB- born 29 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
`` Minority '' is a song by American punk rock band Green Day . It was released as the first single from their sixth album , Warning .
The song was number 1 for five weeks on the Billboard Modern Rock chart in late 2000 .
Benetice is a small village near the town SvÄ tlÃ nad SÃ zavou in the VysoÄ ina Region , Czech Republic .
It was planted in 1945 .
A linden-tree grows on village green of Benetice .
There is recreation camp in Benetice .
There was a glass factory in Benetice .
It does not exist anymore , but some local names of places are derived from the parts of the glass factory as name Na suÅ Ã rnÃ ch or SklÃ renskÃ 1\/2 rybnÃ k -LRB- the name of a pond -RRB- .
It was used as pioneer camp -LRB- pioneers were people organized in one group in Czech republic -RRB- and it was used for young people from Hungary , Poland , and Germany .
Two other ships , several buoys , and several oil platforms also recorded tropical storm-force winds .
After passing Newfoundland Isaac transitioned into an extratropical storm , and subsequently merged with a larger storm on October 3 .
On October 2 , the Elektra -LRB- call sign SIWB -RRB- reported winds of 52 m while located about 170 m to the east of the storm 's center .
At Cape Race , sustained winds peaked at 46 m , with gusts of up to 60 m. The most intense winds remained offshore .
However , parts of the Avalon Peninsula experienced tropical storm conditions .
By 2100 UTC on October 2 , all tropical cyclone watches and warnings were lifted .
Due to the storm 's rapid passage , rainfall was primarily light and amounted to less than 1 i.
Waves offshore reached 16 f in height .
The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning the next day , while a separate watch was posted for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas , though it was quickly discontinued .
Heavy rainfall and gusty winds were expected , prompting the issuance of rainfall warnings for parts of southeastern Newfoundland , while wind and gale advisories were declared offshore .
A tropical storm watch was issued in response to Isaac on October 1 for the Avalon Peninsula .
Milliyet -LRB- Turkish for `` nationality '' -RRB- is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950 .
It is the county seat of McCurtain County .
Idabel is a city in McCurtain County , Oklahoma , United States .
Peggy Gail Fleming -LRB- born July 27 , 1948 -RRB- is an American figure skater .
There are a number of different types of substitution cipher .
The steeplechase is an obstacle race in athletics , which derives its name from the steeplechase in horse racing .
Arispe redirects here .
Autreppes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
His collaborators have spanned a wide range of musical styles and talents ; among them are Joshua Bell , Yo-Yo Ma , BÃ la Fleck , Zakir Hussain , Sam Bush , James Taylor , Chris Thile , Mike Marshall , Mark O'Connor , Alison Krauss , Mary Chapin Carpenter , and the trio Nickel Creek .
Germanicus 's forces smashed across the Rhine and quickly occupied all of the territory between the Rhine and the Elbe .
As a result , in AD 18 Germanicus was granted control over the eastern part of the empire , just as both Agrippa and Tiberius had received before , and was clearly the successor to Tiberius .
Finally , with Tiberius 's withdrawal in AD 26 , Sejanus was left in charge of the entire state mechanism and the city of Rome .
Tiberius Julius Caesar Augustus -LRB- November 16 , 42 BC â `` March 16 , AD 37 -RRB- , born Tiberius Claudius Nero , was Roman Emperor from 14 AD to 37 AD .
Sejanus began a series of purge trials of Senators and wealthy equestrians in the city of Rome , removing those capable of opposing his power as well as extending the imperial -LRB- and his own -RRB- treasury .
Germanicus 's widow Agrippina the Elder and two of her sons , Nero Caesar and Drusus Caesar were arrested and exiled in AD 30 and later all died in suspicious circumstances .
In AD 31 Sejanus was summoned to a meeting of the Senate , where a letter from Tiberius was read condemning Sejanus and ordering his immediate execution .
However , Tacitus ' portrayal of a tyrannical , vengeful emperor has been challenged by several modern historians .
Lucius Aelius Sejanus had served the imperial family for almost twenty years when he became Praetorian Prefect in AD 15 .
Germanicus had managed to deal a significant blow to Rome 's enemies , quell an uprising of troops , and once again return lost standards to Rome , actions that increased the fame and legend of the already very popular Germanicus with the Roman people .
After being recalled from Germania , Germanicus celebrated a triumph in Rome in AD 17 , the first full triumph that the city had seen since Augustus 's own in 29 BC .
His mother divorced his father and was remarried to Augustus in 39 BC , making him a step-son of Octavian .
Problems arose quickly for the new Princeps .
Rather than simply quell the mutiny however , Germanicus rallied the mutineers and led them on a short campaign across the Rhine into Germanic territory , stating that whatever treasure they could grab would count as their bonus .
Germanicus and Tiberius 's son , Drusus Julius Caesar , were dispatched with a small force to quell the uprising and bring the legions back in line .
Tiberius had statues of Sejanus erected throughout the city , and Sejanus became more and more visible as Tiberius began to withdraw from Rome altogether .
The prominent ancient historian Edward Togo Salmon notes in his work , A history of the Roman world from 30 B.C. to A.D. 138 :
Sejanus was tried , and he and several of his colleagues were executed within the week .
The death of Drusus elevated Sejanus , at least in Tiberius 's eyes , who thereafter refers to him as his ` Socius Laborum ' -LRB- Partner in my labors -RRB- .
Her death in AD 29 changed all that .
Taxanes have been used to produce various chemotherapy drugs .
It is one of roughly five hundred Sino-Tibetan languages , and belongs to the Tibeto-Burman branch of this family .
There were very few resources available then for even primary-level education in Nepal Bhasa . There were no programs broadcast in Nepal Bhasa in the state radio , Radio Nepal .
Ivor is an incorporated town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Taekwondo -LRB- í ê ë ; è æ é `` ; -RRB- is a Korean martial art and the national sport of South Korea . In Korean , tae -LRB- í , -RRB- means `` to strike or break with foot '' ; kwon -LRB- ê , -RRB- means `` to strike or break with fist '' ; and do -LRB- ë , -RRB- means `` way , '' `` method , '' or `` art . ''
Thus , taekwondo may be loosely translated as `` the art of the foot and fist '' or `` the art of kicking and punching . ''
An example of the union of mental and physical discipline is the breaking of wooden boards , which requires both physical mastery of the technique and the concentration to focus one 's power .
Physically , taekwondo develops strength , speed , balance , flexibility , and stamina .
Taekwondo as a martial art is popular with people of both genders and of many ages .
Rivera issued a statement that with the money left over from the commission of the mural at Rockefeller Center -LRB- he was paid in full though the mural was supposedly destroyed .
His mural Man at the Crossroads , begun in 1933 for the Rockefeller Center in New York City , was removed after a furor erupted in the press over a portrait of Vladimir Lenin it contained .
Natural resources on the islands include small deposits of gold , copper , coal , natural gas , limestone , marble , and asbestos .
It was formed when the Eurasian Plate slid under an ancient chain of volcanic islands on the neighboring Philippine Sea Plate .
The island of Taiwan was formed approximately 4 to 5 million years ago from a geosyncline -LRB- via plate tectonics -RRB- , and is part of an island arc .
The island is 55 % forests and woodland -LRB- mostly on the mountains -RRB- and 24 % arable land -LRB- mostly on the plains -RRB- , with 15 % going to other purposes . 5 % is permanent pastures and 1 % is permanent crops .
At the northern end of Taiwan , the Philippine Sea Plate slides under the Eurasian Plate .
Victoria is a town in the western part of BraÅ ov County , Romania , near the FÄ gÄ raÅ Mountains .
The message came as a coded telegram dispatched by the Foreign Secretary of the German Empire , Arthur Zimmermann , on January 16 , 1917 , to the German ambassador in Washington , D.C. , Johann von Bernstorff , at the height of World War I. On January 19 , Bernstorff , per Zimmermann 's request , forwarded the telegram to the German ambassador in Mexico , Heinrich von Eckardt .
The Zimmermann Telegram -LRB- or Zimmermann Note -RRB- was a 1917 diplomatic proposal from the German Empire to Mexico to make war against the United States .
The railway station opened in 1875 and closed in 1974 , although the signal box remained in use until 1979 .
In the past there was accommodation and a pub , service station and a railway station .
Breadalbane is also located nearby to the start of the Federal Highway which branches off the Hume Highway just south of Goulburn and heads directly towards Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory , and the capital city of Australia where the Commonwealth Federal Parliament sits .
Previously the highway used to go through the small town however it was bypassed in the early 1990s .
All trace of the station has been removed , although a loading bank is still standing .
It is located on the Lachlan River headwaters and not far from Goulburn .
Breadalbane is also situated on the Main Southern Railway , the NSW portion of the Sydney-Melbourne rail line .
There is not much now at Breadalbane aside from a few houses .
Breadalbane is a small village located in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia in Upper Lachlan Shire .
This little town is also located nearby and adjacent to the major Hume Highway which links Sydney to Melbourne via an inland route .
Texas A&M University -- Corpus Christi -LRB- abbreviated Texas A&M -- Corpus Christi , or TAMU -- CC , or A&M - Corpus Christi , or A&M - CC -RRB- is a state university located in Corpus Christi , Texas , United States , on Ward Island in Oso Bay .
Uzeste is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
None of the material from those days is readily available , and since official Boards of Canada sources ignore the existence of this material , there seems to be little chance for this early material ever to resurface .
By 1989 , the band had been reduced to Sandison and Eoin .
Boards of Canada 's music is reminiscent of the warm , analog sounds of 1970s media and contains themes of childhood , nostalgia and the natural world .
Growing up in a musical family , brothers Mike Sandison and Marcus Eoin began playing instruments at a young age .
com , removed the early discography of Boards of Canada , although some information has been preserved by fans .
They are signed with Warp Records and have released several works on that label with little advertising and few interviews , while also having an elusive and obscure back-catalogue of releases on their self-run Music70 label .
Early tape releases by Boards of Canada include Play By Numbers , Acid Memories , Hooper Bay , and the earliest known release by the band is titled Catalog 3 .
Mike and Marcus have mentioned the documentary films of the National Film Board of Canada , from which the group 's name is derived , as a source of inspiration .
In the early 1990s , a number of collaborations took place and the band put on small shows among the `` Hexagon Sun '' collective .
In their teens they participated in a number of amateur bands ; however , it was not until 1986 when Marcus was invited to Mike 's band that Boards of Canada was born .
In early 2000 , the website for the band , Music70 .
Boards of Canada -LRB- commonly abbreviated BoC -RRB- are a Scottish electronic music duo consisting of brothers Mike Sandison -LRB- born June 1 , 1970 -RRB- and Marcus Eoin -LRB- born July 21 , 1971 -RRB- .
They have also recorded four tracks under the alias Hell Interface .
They experimented with recording techniques at around the age of 10 , using tape machines to layer cut-up samples of found sounds over compositions of their own .
It is currently shown this way on the Tube map , but has been shown as two stations at times .
: e First served by Metropolitan line -- service transferred to Bakerloo line in 1939 and then to the Jubilee line in 1979 .
Although the Hammersmith & City line platforms at Paddington are on the other side of the mainline station from the platforms of the other Underground lines , it is treated as a single station .
: i First served by District line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
: k First served by Metropolitan line -- District line service added in 1910 which was transferred to Piccadilly line in 1933 .
: d First served by Metropolitan line -- Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 .
The London Underground is a metro system in the United Kingdom that serves Greater London and adjacent districts of Essex , Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire .
This list includes all current stations on the London Underground and Docklands Light Railway .
: c First served by Metropolitan line -- District line service added in stages , Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
: a First served by Metropolitan line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
: j First served by District line -- Metropolitan line service added in stages which was transferred to Hammersmith & City line in 1990 .
: f First served by Metropolitan line -- Bakerloo line service added in 1939 which was transferred to the Jubilee line in 1979 .
Its first section opened in 1863 , making it the oldest underground metro system in the world .
: l First served by District line -- service transferred to Piccadilly line in 1964 .
Listed for each station is the line or lines serving it , the local authority and London Travelcard zone in which it is located , the date it opened , previous names and passenger usage statistics in millions per year .
: g First served by Bakerloo line -- service transferred to Jubilee line in 1979 .
There are three instances where two separate stations share the same name : Edgware Road , Hammersmith and Canary Wharf .
: m First served by Metropolitan line -- Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 , Circle line service added in 2009 .
Canary Wharf has separate Jubilee line and Docklands Light Railway stations , which are shown as one station on current tube maps .
: h First served by District line -- service transferred to Piccadilly line in 1933 .
: b First served by Metropolitan line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 , Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 .
Torcieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
He currently plays for Muangthong United F.C. in the Thai Premier League . He also plays in the Thailand national football team .
Datsakorn Thonglao -LRB- , born December 30 , 1983 -RRB- is a Thai footballer .
Most game mechanics and many heroes in Heroes of Newerth have a direct correlation from Defense of the Ancients .
These claims are also reflected in the variety of names used for the islands and the sea .
The sea and its mostly uninhabited islands are subject to competing claims of sovereignty by several countries .
The minute South China Sea Islands , collectively an archipelago , number in the hundreds .
The South China Sea is a marginal sea that is part of the Pacific Ocean , encompassing an area from the Singapore and Malacca Straits to the Strait of Taiwan of around 3,500,000 kmÂ .
Bulgaria -LRB- , officially the Republic of Bulgaria -LRB- , translit . Republika Bulgaria , -RRB- , is a country in Southeast Europe .
Life Left to Go is the debut album by alternative rock band SafetySuit .
Ice-nine is a fictional material appearing in Kurt Vonnegut 's novel Cat 's Cradle .
Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
` Bluegrass band leaves the fold ' -LRB- uses a news announcer voice -RRB- .
Nickel Creek 's first two albums were Little Cowpoke -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and Here to There -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
Nickel Creek has covered songs by Weezer , Radiohead , Pavement , Coldplay , Elliott Smith , Bob Dylan , The White Stripes , the Jackson Five , The Beatles , Beck , and Britney Spears .
The seven-month Farewell -LRB- For Now -RRB- Tour started in April 2007 and ended in November .
It canâ t be duplicated in my life . ''
Iâ m not looking for anything to top this .
Looking back on the Nickel Creek experience , which spanned eighteen years , Sara Watkins said , `` A lot of the other stuff will be special in the way that anything is special when you realize that itâ s not going to be around forever ... Nothing is going to be Nickel Creek except Nickel Creek .
Chris Thile discussed the band 's genre and style in a 2005 interview from Jambase : `` We actually feel like more than a bluegrass band that stretched out .
The trio have always recorded and toured with a bass player , but no bass player has ever been an official member of the band .
Nickel Creek consisted of three permanent members : Chris Thile -LRB- mandolin -RRB- , Sara Watkins -LRB- fiddle -RRB- and her brother Sean Watkins -LRB- guitar -RRB- .
Sean Watkins also said :
Chris 's father Scott Thile played bass with the group until 2000 , followed by Byron House and Derek Jones .
We are a band that incorporates bluegrass into our music .
Nickel Creek 's first performance was at That Pizza Place in Carlsbad , California in 1989 with Scott Thile , Chris 's father , playing string bass .
Mark Schatz has played bass regularly with the group since 2003 .
Nickel Creek is an American acoustic music trio .
Three years following the release of This Side , Nickel Creek released their fifth album , Why Should the Fire Die ? .
No , no , no , no , no. .
There 's been a problem in perception .
During the 2002 and 2003 This Side tour , Nickel Creek performed mainly as a headlining act , but also opened five shows for John Mayer in November 2002 in Upstate New York and New England , and toured with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings earlier in the year .
The oldest of the Watkins children , Sean was only twelve years old at the time .
Although the group 's music has roots from bluegrass , the trio describe themselves as `` progressive acoustic '' .
Actually , it 's a band that incorporates a little bluegrass into whatever the hell kind of music they play . ''
In 2003 , Nickel Creek appeared on the BÃ la Fleck and the Flecktones album Little Worlds .
The tour featured numerous guest appearances by Glen Phillips , Jon Brion , Fiona Apple , Bruce Molsky , Bela Fleck , Tom Brosseau and Tift Merritt , among others .
Mbo JÃ rÃ me Mpenza -LRB- born 4 December 1976 in Kinshasa , DR Congo -RRB- is a former Belgian footballer who played as forward . He is the older brother of Ã mile Mpenza .
Super Sweet 16 : The Movie is an MTV television film , based on the series My Super Sweet 16 .
Heinz Flohe -LRB- born 28 January 1948 in Euskirchen -RRB- is a former German football player .
Brunembert is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Eumelanin is the dominant pigment in dark-blond , brown , and black hair , while pheomelanin is dominant in red hair .
Because the hair on the head is normally longer than other types of body hair , it is cut with scissors or clippers . People with longer hair will most often use scissors to cut their hair , whereas shorter hair is maintained using a trimmer .
Most academic subjects have a philosophy , for example the philosophy of science , the philosophy of mathematics , the philosophy of logic , the philosophy of law , and the philosophy of history .
Kevin Ferguson -LRB- born February 8 , 1974 -RRB- , better known as Kimbo Slice , is a Bahamian-American mixed martial artist and occasional actor .
This time was anyway a period of expansion for the Chaldean Catholic Church .
The Chaldean Catholic Church -LRB- Syriac : ; Ê Ä `` tha kaldetha qÄ thuliqetha , ' -RRB- is an Eastern particular church of the Catholic Church , maintaining full communion with the Bishop of Rome and the rest of the Roman Catholic Church .
The Chaldean Catholic Church presently comprises an estimated 1,500,000 Chaldean Christians who are ethnic Assyrians .
Atsushi Yanagisawa -LRB- born May 27 , 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
In many cases fundamental human rights are implicitly granted only to natural persons ; for example a corporation can not hold public office , but it can file a lawsuit .
Variously , in jurisprudence , a natural person is a human being , as opposed to an artificial , legal or juristic person , i.e. , an organization that the law treats for some purposes as if it were a person distinct from its members or owner .
In the Americas , Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city south of the United States .
It faces a natural harbor protected by the Palisadoes , a long sand spit which connects the town of Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island .
Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica , located on the southeastern coast of the island .
Often screws have a head , which is a specially formed section on one end of the screw that allows it to be turned , or driven . Common tools for driving screws include screwdrivers and wrenches .
A set screw -LRB- grub screw -RRB- is generally a headless screw but can be any screw used to fix a rotating part to a shaft .
Staden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Preures is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Caumont-l ' Ã ventÃ is a commune in the Calvados department in northwestern France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Mitsuo Watanabe -LRB- born June 4 , 1953 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Gilhoc-sur-Orm Ã ze is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
His brother was Harald Bohr , a mathematician and Olympic footballer who played on the Danish national team .
The others went on to lead successful lives , including Aage Bohr , who became a very successful physicist and , like his father , won a Nobel Prize in physics , in 1975 .
As a post-doctoral student , Bohr first conducted experiments under J. J. Thomson at Trinity College , Cambridge .
On the basis of Rutherford 's theories , Bohr published his model of atomic structure in 1913 , introducing the theory of electrons traveling in orbits around the atom 's nucleus , the chemical properties of the element being largely determined by the number of electrons in the outer orbits .
Their oldest died in a tragic boating accident and another died from childhood meningitis .
Bohr and his wife Margrethe NÃ rlund Bohr had six sons .
Bohr married Margrethe NÃ rlund in 1912 , and one of their sons , Aage Bohr , grew up to be an important physicist who in 1975 also received the Nobel prize .
Bohr was born in Copenhagen , Denmark , in 1885 .
Niels Henrik David Bohr -LRB- ; 7 October 1885 â `` 18 November 1962 -RRB- was a Danish physicist who made fundamental contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum mechanics , for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1922 .
He was part of a team of physicists working on the Manhattan Project .
His father , Christian Bohr , was professor of physiology at the University of Copenhagen -LRB- it is his name which is given to the Bohr shift or Bohr effect -RRB- , while his mother , Ellen Adler Bohr , came from a wealthy Jewish family prominent in Danish banking and parliamentary circles .
Philippe MexÃ s -LRB- born 30 March 1982 -RRB- is a French professional footballer who plays as a center back for Italian Serie A club Roma and for the French national team .
Dohis is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
This template is a self-reference and so is part of the Wikipedia project rather than the encyclopaedic content .
Do not place it on every possible word .
This template is only for dictionary definitions that currently exist on Wiktionary and which , due to previous re-creations , are likely to be re-created in unencyclopedic form .
For discussion and queries , see template talk : Wi .
Then it also substitutes a to prevent a page from being listed on Special : Shortpages .
; : Used for pages linking to lists or categories on Wiktionary .
Important : Check the link before using this method , as Wiktionary uses proper capitalization for its entries , unlike Wikipedia 's uppercased first letter or page name .
; : Provides a soft redirect to the Wiktionary page , using the current page 's name .
Since 1964 - director at Mosfilm Studio .
Occasionally worked at Armenfilm Studio .
1964 - graduated from the Directing Department of VGIK -LRB- E. Dzigan 's master class -RRB- .
1954-56 - studied in Plekhanov Moscow Institute of Economy .
His films are mainly in the Armenian and Russian languages .
Edmond Gareginovich Keosayan -LRB- ; ; 9 October 1936 â `` 21 April 1994 -RRB- was an Armenian Soviet film director and musician.1952-54 - worked in Yerevan watch factory .
1956-58 - studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute , worked as a compere .
Fresnoy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sue Gardner -LRB- born 1967 -RRB- is the current Executive Director of the Wikimedia Foundation in San Francisco , and previous director of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's website and online news outlets .
DaMarcus Lamont Beasley -LRB- born May 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American soccer player who plays for Hannover 96 .
Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
LuÃ on is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
According to the 2002 Romanian census there are a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania , of whom 21,623 living in Dobruja .
The method of growing Rickettsia in chicken embryos was invented by Ernest William Goodpasture and his colleagues at Vanderbilt University in the early 1930s .
At the age of 18 , he was elected to the Davison school board .
He then attended Davison High School , where he was active in both drama and debate , graduating in 1972 .
The Tanzania national football team represents Tanzania in association football and is controlled by the Tanzania Football Federation , the governing body for football in Tanzania .
He won league and domestic cup titles with Rapid and played the full 90 minutes of the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final against Paris St Germain in Brussels , which Rapid lost .
He also was Rapid 's captain from 1997 until 2001 .
Peter SchÃ ttel -LRB- born 26 March 1967 -RRB- is a retired Austrian footballer .
In 1993 , the Town celebrated its Bicentennial , which resulted in the establishment of the Chapel Hill Museum . This cultural community resource `` exhibiting the character and characters of Chapel Hill , North Carolina '' includes among its permanent exhibits Alexander Julian , History of the Chapel Hill Fire Department , Chapel Hill 's 1914 Fire Truck , The James Taylor Story , Farmer\/James Pottery , and The Paul Green Legacy .
The town was named after an Anglican chapel on a hill , now known as Chapel of the Cross .
Chapel Hill , Durham and Raleigh make up the three corners of the Research Triangle , so named in 1959 with the creation of Research Triangle Park , a research park between Durham and Raleigh .
Chapel Hill is a town in Orange County , North Carolina , United States and the home of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the senior bishop and principal leader of the Church of England , the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion , and the diocesan bishop of the Diocese of Canterbury . In his role as head of the Anglican Communion , the archbishop leads the third largest group of Christians in the world .
However , the former Prime Minister goes to his office three days a week .
Edward Gough Whitlam , AC , QC -LRB- born 11 July 1916 -RRB- , known as Gough Whitlam , served as the 21st Prime Minister of Australia .
GÃ 1\/4 nter Bernard -LRB- born 4 November 1939 in Schweinfurt , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
Tenerife South Airport , previously known as Tenerife South-Reina Sofia Airport , is one of two international airports located on the island of Tenerife , the largest of the Canary Islands -LRB- the second one being Tenerife North Airport -RRB- .
Orlando International Airport is a major international airport located six nautical miles -LRB- 11 km -RRB- southeast of the central business district of Orlando . It is the second busiest airport in Florida , after Miami International Airport .
After strenuous years of touring and recording -LRB- Eurythmics had released eight studio albums in eight years -RRB- , a rift had developed between the duo and Eurythmics disbanded , although no official notice was given .
After almost a decade apart , Eurythmics reformed in the late 1990s to record their ninth album , Peace which was released in late 1999 . They reunited again in 2005 to release the single `` I 've Got a Life '' , as part of a new Eurythmics compilation album , Ultimate Collection .
Eurythmics went on to release a string of hit singles and albums before they split in 1990 .
Downtown Lake Worth is home to the Lake Worth Playhouse and the Museum of the City of Lake Worth .
Pollen grains , which contain the male gametes -LRB- sperm -RRB- to where the female gamete -LRB- s -RRB- are contained within the carpel ; in gymnosperms the pollen is directly applied to the ovule itself .
Pollination is the process by which pollen is transferred in plants , thereby enabling fertilization and sexual reproduction .
Of the 20 % of abiotically pollinated species , 98 % is by wind and 2 % by water .
Barbengo is a district of the city of Lugano , Switzerland .
The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword , a variation of the long samurai sword .
It was also beveled along the back edge to reduce its weight .
Warriors used the weapon against horsemen .
The way to hold nagamaki was also very specific .
The nagamaki is designed for large sweeping and slicing strokes .
It also works as a spear .
Still , it required more time and materials to create a nagamaki than spears or naginata , this is why it was not as widely used .
Traditionally , it was used as an infantry weapon .
In contrast to it , the naginata blade is shorter , wider and more curved to the tip .
Unlike the naginata , the hands do not change when handling the weapon and the right hand was always the closest to the blade .
The nagamaki -LRB- , literally `` long wrapping '' -RRB- is a Japanese pole weapon with a large and heavy blade , popular between the 12th and 14th centuries .
The blade was single-edged .
It is held with the two hands in a fixed position in the same way a katana is held .
Even the name `` nagamaki '' -LRB- `` long wrapping '' -RRB- is given by the tradition of handle wrapping .
The closest exemplar of real nagamaki that can be seen today is nagamaki-naoshi .
The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata .
The nagamaki is considered the favored weapon of General Oda Nobunaga .
It appears to be like a long katana-shaped halberd , but straighter and thinner , with a very long tsuka .
While handling nagamaki fewer sliding actions on the handle are performed than are with the naginata , where the entire length of the shaft is used .
During the middle of the Muromachi period -LRB- 1336 â `` 1573 A.D. -RRB- it reached its peak of usage .
The nagamaki handle was wrapped with cords in criss-crossed manner , very similar to the wrapping that is made on katana .
It was introduced and used primarily during the Kamakura -LRB- 1192 â `` 1333 -RRB- , Nanbokucho -LRB- 1334 â `` 1392 -RRB- and early Muromachi -LRB- 1392 â `` 1573 -RRB- periods .
It resembles a traditional naginata , but the main difference was that the handle -LRB- tsuka -RRB- of the nagamaki was not a simple wooden shaft ; it was made more like a katana hilt .
It is very much like a glaive .
Tiago Prado Nogueira , or simply Tiago Prado -LRB- born 3 May 1984 -RRB- , is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Chengdu Blades .
Jyutping -LRB- sometimes spelled Jyutpin -RRB- is a romanization system for Cantonese developed by the Linguistic Society of Hong Kong -LRB- LSHK -RRB- in 1993 .
Pell City is a city in St. Clair County , Alabama , United States .
The city is the county seat of St. Clair County along with Ashville .
At the 2000 census the population was 9,565 .
Hawthorne is a city in southwestern Los Angeles County , California .
The city in 2000 had a population of 84,112 .
Boynton Beach was originally incorporated in 1920 as the Town of Boynton .
Boynton Beach is a city in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
It was also the first year of the 20th century .
1901 -LRB- MCMI -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday -LRB- link will display calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Monday of the 13-day-slower Julian calendar .
They were built by Metropolitan-Vickers in 1953 â `` 1954 for use over the Woodhead Line between Manchester and Sheffield .
The British Rail Class 77 , also known as Class EM2 , is a class of 1.5 kV DC , Co-Co electric locomotive .
Human sexuality can be described as the way someone is attracted another person of the opposite sex -LRB- heterosexuality -RRB- , to the same sex -LRB- homosexuality -RRB- , or attracted to both sexes -LRB- bisexuality -RRB- .
Bruce Leslie McLaren -LRB- 30 August 1937 -- 2 June 1970 -RRB- , born in Auckland , New Zealand , was a race-car designer , driver , engineer and inventor .
Vaudricourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It forms the famous White Cliffs of Dover in Kent , England , as well as their counterparts of the Cap Blanc Nez on the other side of the Dover Strait .
Chalk hills , known as chalk downland , usually form where bands of chalk reach the surface at an angle , so forming a scarp slope . Because chalk is porous it can hold a large volume of ground water , providing a natural reservoir that releases water slowly through dry seasons .
The traditional uses of chalk have in some cases been replaced by other substances , although the word `` chalk '' is often still applied to the usual replacements .
Chalk is resistant to weathering and slumping compared to the clays with which it is usually associated , thus forming tall steep cliffs where chalk ridges meet the sea . Chalk hills , known as chalk downland , usually form where bands of chalk reach the surface at an angle , so forming a scarp slope .
In 1974 it was merged with other urban and rural councils to form Congleton Borough Council .
Eduardo Alves da Silva -LRB- born 25 February 1983 -RRB- , commonly known as Eduardo , sometimes nicknamed as Dudu , is a Brazilian-born Croatian footballer who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club Shakhtar Donetsk and the Croatia national team .
Quintin is a commune in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Bretagne in north-western France .
Abbreviated CBM and cbm in the freight business and MTQ -LRB- or numeric code 49 -RRB- in international trade .
The cubic metre -LRB- US spelling : cubic meter , symbol : m3 -RRB- is the SI derived unit of volume .
A cubic metre of pure water at the temperature of maximum density -LRB- 3.98 Â C -RRB- and standard atmospheric pressure -LRB- 101.325 kPa -RRB- has a mass of 1,000 kg , or one tonne .
It is sometimes abbreviated to cu m , m3 , M3 , m ^ 3 , m \*\* 3 , CBM , cbm when superscript characters or markup can not be used -LRB- e.g. in some typewritten documents and postings in Usenet newsgroups -RRB- .
At 0 Â C , the freezing point of water , a cubic metre of water has slightly less mass , 999.972 kilograms .
It is the volume of a cube with edges one metre in length .
The German libretto was written by the composer after Carlo Gozzi 's La donna serpente .
Die Feen -LRB- The Fairies -RRB- is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner .
Some authorities regard the chutchta and vellerosa subspecies of the Wildcat as Chinese Mountain Cat subspecies .
It is the least known member of the genus Felis , the common cats .
The Chinese Mountain Cat -LRB- Felis bieti -RRB- , also known as the Chinese Desert Cat , is a small wild cat of western China .
Belmont-Luth Ã zieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a blues-rock album by Derek and the Dominos , released in November 1970 , best known for its eponymous title track , `` Layla '' .
Bridgit Claire Mendler -LRB- born December 18 , 1992 -RRB- is an American actress , musician , and songwriter .
She is best known for her lead role as Teddy Duncan on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie and her recurring role as Juliet Van Heusen on Wizards of Waverly Place .
The title of Formula One World Champion Constructor is awarded to the car `` make '' that has scored the most points during the course of the season , where a car 's make takes into account both engine and chassis . Hence , if a car 's chassis and engine constructor are the same entity -LRB- e.g. Ferrari , Toyota , BRM etc. -RRB- then the make is simply the name of that one constructor .
Since the early 1980s the FIA have required that Formula One entrants own the intellectual rights to the chassis that they enter , and so the terms `` entrant '' and `` constructor '' , and hence also `` team '' , have become synonymous .
k Lola includes Larrousse and Mastercard Lola entries .
All were American-based .
Constructors whose only World Championship participation was in the Indianapolis 500 from 1950 to 1960 .
The following is a list of Formula One constructors which have competed or plan to compete in the FIA World Championship .
d Coloni later became Andrea Moda .
o Osella subsequently became Fondmetal .
The title of Formula One World Champion Constructor is awarded to the car `` make '' that has scored the most points during the course of the season , where a car 's make takes into account both engine and chassis .
n Minardi subsequently became Scuderia Toro Rosso .
a Arrows were known as Footwork from 1991 to 1996 .
Williams Grand Prix Engineering , now WilliamsF1 , was a new constructor established by Frank Williams and Patrick Head after Williams left Wolf-Williams .
j Ligier subsequently became Prost Grand Prix .
For this reason , this list only considers chassis constructors .
q Sauber subsequently became BMW works team BMW Sauber , then reverted back to Sauber .
As both engine and chassis are included in the make name , chassis run with different engines -LRB- e.g. Lotus-Ford , Lotus-BRM -RRB- are counted as two separate makes and points are scored separately .
Rob Walker Racing Team was the most successful example , being responsible for the first victories in Formula One for both Cooper and Lotus .
e Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys , Iso Marlboro -LRB- - -RRB- and Wolf-Williams cars .
The World Constructors ' Championship title is awarded to the constructor of the chassis of the make that scores the most points .
An entrant is the person or corporate entity that registers a car and driver for a race , and is then responsible for preparing and maintaining that car during the race weekend .
g Jordan subsequently became Midland F1 Racing , then Spyker , then Force India .
l March subsequenty became Leyton House Racing , later reappearing as March for one final season .
Subsequently became Red Bull Racing .
Brabham and Lotus chassis were used extensively by other teams during the 1960s and 1970s and several quite competitive teams never built their own chassis .
c Benetton formerly Toleman ; subsequently became Renault F1 .
i Leyton House formerly March Engineering .
f Jaguar formerly Stewart Grand Prix .
Subsequently became Wolf .
p Prost formerly Ligier .
For more information on engines , see Formula One engines .
In Formula One racing the terms `` constructor '' and `` entrant '' have specific and differing meanings .
However , where the chassis and engine are constructed by different entities the car 's make comprises both -LRB- e.g. McLaren-Mercedes , Lotus-Climax etc. -RRB- , with the name of the chassis constructor being placed before that of the engine constructor .
Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis .
u Tyrrell subsequently became British American Racing .
Before this time constructors were free to sell their chassis to as many other teams as they liked .
s Stewart subsequently became Jaguar Racing .
b BAR formerly Tyrrell ; subsequently became Honda , then Brawn , then Mercedes GP .
m Midland formerly Jordan Grand Prix ; subsequently became Spyker F1 , then Force India .
v Wolf formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars .
Under Article 6.3 of the FIA Sporting Regulations , `` the constructor of an engine or chassis is the person -LRB- including any corporate or unincorporated body -RRB- which owns the intellectual rights to such engine or chassis . ''
t Toleman subsequently became Benetton Formula .
h Does not include Kurtis ' Indianapolis 500 -LRB- 1950-1960 -RRB- entries .
The nationality of Eagle , Penske , Shadow and Wolf is disputed .
r Spyker formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing ; subsequently became Force India .
Linguine -LRB- also spelled ` Linguini ' -RRB- is a form of pasta â '' flat like fettuccine and trenette . It 's wider than spaghetti but not as wide as fettuccine .
Linguine alle vongole -LRB- linguine with clams -RRB- is a popular use of this pasta .
He has played for the Japanese national team .
Reizo Fukuhara -LRB- April 2 , 1931 -- February 27 , 1970 -RRB- was a Japanese football player .
In the 1970s he established a Hindu monastery in Kauai , Hawaii and founded the magazine Hinduism Today .
His Master Course is Sivaya Subramuniyaswami 's comprehensive treatise on every aspect of Saivism in three books and more than 3,000 pages , composed in what he called `` talkanese '' - a flowing version of written English that resembles the spoken language and evokes ancient Hindu oral traditions .
Sivaya Subramuniyaswami -LRB- 1927 â `` 2001 -RRB- , also known as Gurudeva by his followers , was born in Oakland , California , on January 5 , 1927 , and adopted Saivism as a young man .
With Rahman 's coup , Jamaat again resumed political activities in Bangladesh .
Founding father of Bangladesh , Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was assassinated in 1975 by pro-pakistani army group and thus enabled army chief Major general Ziaur Rahman -LRB- a former BAKSAL member of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman `` Book Source : Tinti sena Obhuthan by Colonel Hamid '' -RRB- to seize power .
Azam then moved to London , and other leaders moved to the Middle East .
Jamaat was banned after the independece of Bangladesh , and its top leaders fled to West Pakistan .
After the creation of Pakistan , Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani organizations .
Rahman also allowed Azam to return to Bangladesh as the leader of Jamaat .
Jamaat strongly opposed an independent Bangladesh , which it considered against Islam .
Government of Bangladesh also canceled the citizenship of Golam Azam , the chief leader of Jamaat .
Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami -LRB- , Bangladesh Islamic Assembly -RRB- , previously known as Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh -LRB- a.k.a ` Jamaat ' -RRB- , is a far-right Islamist political party in Bangladesh .
Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami originates from the Jamaat wing in then-East Pakistan .
Centralia is a city in Dubuque County , Iowa , United States .
Comodoro Rivadavia is situated in the south of Argentina in the province of Chubut , on the coast of San Jorge Gulf .
It was founded in October 1983 in order to maintain the stability of the East Caribbean dollar -LRB- EC$ -RRB- and the integrity of the banking system in order to facilitate the balanced growth and development of member states .
Its headquarters are located in the city of Basseterre , on the island of St. Kitts .
All of the ECCB members are also a part of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States -LRB- OECS -RRB- .
Valgorge is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
These are ice hockey players who play or have played for the Montreal Canadiens team .
It is produced by Antix Productions , led by Yvette Fielding and her husband , Karl Beattie .
The program was based on investigating purported paranormal activity .
The show has also featured guest mediums .
Fielding denied the claims .
So far these have been Ian Lawman , Ian Shillito , Gordon Smith , Uri Geller , Kevin Wade , Johnnie Fiori , Brian Shepherd , Billy Roberts and Patrick Matthews .
So far the ` celebrity ' episodes have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Sue Cleaver , Carol Thatcher , Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan .
Even though O ' Keeffe exposed Acorah , the paper also claimed that O ' Keeffe had exposed the rest of the Most Haunted team .
Some episodes have also included at least one celebrity .
During the investigations , later broadcast , he presented the information as fact and even behaved as though being possessed by the fictional ghosts .
Most of these on-screen crew members also take part in sÃ ances .
Two such cases exposed Acorah .
Most Haunted featured a main presenter , a historian , a psychic medium and a parapsychologist .
On several occasions the former Spiritualist medium Derek Acorah was supposedly possessed by an entity , sometimes evil or sometimes `` lost and confused '' .
The core investigation team are supported by some of the production crew , who appear in the show and are generally involved with the investigation whilst performing their normal crew role .
Acorah glossed over his mistake and changed the subject .
Before the filming , Acorah had been fed misinformation twice about the non-existent ghosts of Kreed Kafer and Rik Eedles by the show parapsychologist Dr. Ciaran O ' Keeffe .
On the final night , at Berry Pomeroy , Fielding reminded Acorah that he had mentioned the incarcerated sister two nights prior .
On the first night filming `` Terror in Torbay '' , Acorah mentioned a woman incarcerated by her jealous sister in the cellar of Lupton House , even coming up with the names Margaret and Eleanor .
O'Keeffe later reported that he had been grossly misquoted and misrepresented in the article , and produced a response outlining his version of the show based on his observations and findings , saying he had exposed Derek Acorah and not the entirety of Most Haunted .
O'Keeffe later revealed in the Daily Mirror that Kreed Kafer and Rik Eedles were anagrams of ` Derek Faker ' and ` Derek Lies ' .
Although not mentioned by O'Keeffe , the Mirror article also brought into question unedited footage which appeared to show Fielding and Karl Beattie faking ` paranormal ' occurrences such as ghostly bumps and knocks .
It is shown on the satellite and cable channels Living , Livingit and Channel One -LRB- Formerly Virgin 1 and Ftn -RRB- , primarily for the UK market .
The show 's presenter and executive producer , Yvette Fielding said in an interview that she believes it was a fake possession .
This is the well-known legend of Berry Pomeroy Castle which was to be the last night 's location .
The Most Haunted team have traveled not only around the UK , but also Ireland , the Netherlands , Romania , the United States , and Italy . investigating paranormal activity for 24 hours at a time .
Further controversy centred on Derek Acorah again in the West Country , this time in Devon .
In this case , the facts were right , but the location was wrong .
Hechtel-Eksel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Dickinson 's Real Deal is an antiques and collectables television program hosted by David Dickinson that began airing on ITV in 2006 .
The Lord of the Rings has been adapted for film , radio and stage .
Gandalf assures them that Merry and Pippin are safe , and they travel instead to rouse ThÃ oden , King of Rohan , from a stupor of despair inflicted by Saruman , and to aid the Rohirrim in a stand against Saruman 's armies . ThÃ oden fortifies himself at Helm 's Deep along with Aragorn , Legolas , and Gimli while Gandalf rides off to gather more soldiers .
Over two thousand years later , the Ring comes into the hands of the hobbit DÃ agol , who is then strangled to death by his friend SmÃ agol , who takes the ring , is banished from his community and hides under the mountains , where the Ring transforms him over the course of hundreds of years into a twisted , corrupted creature called Gollum .
Helm 's Deep is besieged by Saruman 's orcs , but Gandalf arrives with reinforcements , and the orcs are defeated .
In Fangorn forest Aragorn , Gimli and Legolas find not the hobbits but Gandalf , resurrected after his battle with the Balrog and now the significantly more powerful `` Gandalf the White '' .
Aragorn , Gimli and Legolas pursue the orcs into the kingdom of Rohan .
Sam rescues Frodo , and they journey through Mordor .
The Council decides that the threat of Sauron is too great and that the best course of action is to destroy the Ring by returning it to Mount Doom in Mordor , where it was forged .
The Lord of the Rings started as a sequel to J. R. R. Tolkien 's earlier work , The Hobbit , published in 1937 .
Merry and Pippin rejoin the others and Pippin looks into a palantÃ r , a seeing-stone that Sauron had used to communicate with Saruman , unknowingly leading Sauron to think that Saruman has captured the Ring-bearer , so Gandalf takes Pippin to Gondor .
Meanwhile , orcs sent by Sauron and Saruman kill Boromir and kidnap Merry and Pippin .
Sam takes the Ring , and forces himself to leave Frodo . Orcs find Frodo 's body , and Sam learns that Frodo is not in fact dead , but unconscious .
Gollum reappears , struggles with Frodo for the Ring , and bites off Frodo 's finger , Ring and all , but in so doing falls into the fire , taking the Ring with him .
Isildur is later killed by Orcs , and the Ring is lost in the river Anduin .
Frodo volunteers to take the Ring , and a `` Fellowship of the Ring '' is chosen to accompany and protect him : Sam , Merry , Pippin , Aragorn , Gandalf , Gimli the Dwarf , Legolas the Elf , and the man Boromir , son of the Ruling Steward Denethor of the realm of Gondor .
Gandalf arrives at Minas Tirith in Gondor with Pippin to alert Denethor of the impending attack .
Sam takes the Ring , and forces himself to leave Frodo .
Frodo recovers in Rivendell under the care of Elrond . The Council of Elrond reveals much significant history about Sauron and the Ring , as well as the news that Sauron has corrupted the wizard Saruman .
On their way to Mordor , Frodo and Sam capture Gollum , who has been following them from Moria , and force him to guide them to Mordor . Finding Mordor 's main gate impassable , they travel toward a pass known to Gollum .
Merry and Pippin escape when the orcs are slain by the Rohirrim .
Orcs find Frodo 's body , and Sam learns that Frodo is not in fact dead , but unconscious .
The Ents attack Isengard , trapping Saruman in the tower of Orthanc . Gandalf , ThÃ oden and the others arrive at Isengard to confront Saruman .
Gollum betrays Frodo by leading him to the great spider Shelob in the tunnels of Cirith Ungol .
Aragorn leads the hobbits toward the refuge of Rivendell , while Frodo gradually succumbs to the wound .
Frodo weakens as they near Mount Doom , but is aided by Sam .
On their way to Mordor , Frodo and Sam capture Gollum , who has been following them from Moria , and force him to guide them to Mordor .
The story would not be finished until 12 years later , in 1949 , and would not be fully published until 1955 , when Tolkien was 63 years old .
In the 2007 NBA Draft , he was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks as the sixth overall pick .
Yi Jianlian -LRB- , born October 27 , 1987 -LRB- disputed -RRB- in Heshan , Guangdong , China -RRB- is a Chinese professional basketball player for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
The name `` Camry '' is an Anglicized phonetic transcription of the Japanese word kanmuri -LRB- å , ã ã `` ã ã -RRB- , meaning `` crown '' .
The Toyota Camry -LRB- ; Japanese : ã ã ã ã '' ã `` ã ã -RRB- is a series of mid-size -LRB- originally compact -RRB- automobiles manufactured by Toyota since 1982 , and sold in the majority of automotive markets throughout the world .
The 1960s was the decade that started on January 1 , 1960 , and ended on December 31 , 1969 .
Castets-en-Dorthe is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Tahlequah -LRB- Cherokee : á `` á á , pronounced -RRB- is a city in Cherokee County , Oklahoma , United States located at the foothills of the Ozark Mountains .
The Port of ConstanÅ # a is the largest on the Black Sea and the fourth largest in Europe .
Shun Morishita is a Japanese football player currently playing for Kyoto Sanga F.C. .
Herbert Norman Howells CH -LRB- 17 October 1892 -- 23 February 1983 -RRB- was an English composer , organist , and teacher .
Since Minamoto no Yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the Shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the Emperors of Japan by western countries .
Imperial Court in Kyoto was the nominal ruling government of Japan from 794 AD until the Meiji Era , in which the court was moved to Tokyo and integrated into the Meiji government .
In this sense one speaks of the diameter rather than a diameter , because all diameters of a circle have the same length , this being twice the radius .
Sir Maurice Vincent Wilkes FRS , FREng , DFBCS -LRB- 26 June 1913 â `` 29 November 2010 -RRB- was a British computer scientist credited with several important developments in computing .
Michael Wayne Atha -LRB- born December 30 , 1979 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Yelawolf , is an American rapper .
It was discovered from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20 , 1986 , and was given the temporary designation S\/1986 U 7 .
Cordelia is the innermost moon of Uranus .
Other than its orbit , radius of 20 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 virtually nothing is known about it .
It is also designated Uranus VI .
At the Voyager 2 images Cordelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
Cordelia takes its name from the youngest daughter of Lear in William Shakespeare 's King Lear .
It was not detected again until the Hubble Space Telescope observed it in 1997 .
Merlimont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Virton is the most southerly town in Belgium and the administrative center of a Walloon municipality and district -LRB- arrondissement -RRB- of the same name , located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
The Malay language is a member of the Austronesian family of languages .
With the help of troops from his new father-in-law , Agamemnon then took the throne of Mycenae from his uncle Thyestes . Agamemnon and Clytemnestra became rulers of Mycenae , and she bore three daughters : Iphigenia , Chrysothemis , and Electra ; and finally a son : Orestes .
Demopolis is the largest city in Marengo County , Alabama , United States .
At the 2000 census the population was 7,540 .
If a chemical system at equilibrium experiences a change in concentration , temperature , volume , or partial pressure , then the equilibrium shifts to counteract the imposed change and a new equilibrium is established .
The movie The Longest Day also contains scenes of the assault on the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc .
His chamber works include three string quartets , two string quintets , two string sextets , a clarinet quintet , a clarinet trio , a horn trio , a piano quintet , three piano quartets , and four piano trios -LRB- the fourth being published posthumously -RRB- .
Joachim had given Brahms a letter of introduction to Robert Schumann , and after a walking tour in the Rhineland , Brahms took the train to DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , and was welcomed into the Schumann family on arrival there .
Freeport is the county seat of Stephenson County , Illinois , United States .
The song was written in 1990 , and was partially influenced by `` Psycho Killer '' by the Talking Heads .
`` Cop Killer '' is a 1992 song by American band Body Count , from its 1992 self-titled debut album .
The lyrics are sung from the point of view of an individual who is outraged by police brutality and decides to take the law into his own hands by killing police officers .
Ice T has also credited the Talking Heads song `` Psycho Killer '' with partially inspiring the song .
Upper Sorbian is a minority language spoken by Sorbs in Germany in the historical province of Upper Lusatia -LRB- Hornja Å uÅ 3\/4 ica in Sorbian -RRB- , which is today part of Saxony .
There are estimated to be 40,000 speakers of Upper Sorbian , of which almost all live in Saxony .
Upper Sorbian is a minority language spoken by Sorbs in Germany in the historical province of Upper Lusatia -LRB- Hornja Å uÅ 3\/4 ica in Sorbian -RRB- , which is today part of Saxony . It is grouped in the West Slavic language branch , together with Lower Sorbian , Czech , Polish , Slovak and Kashubian .
This puts Upper Sorbian as the third largest minority language in Germany , after Turkish and Danish , but before Frisian .
Wilmersdorf is an inner city locality of Berlin , formerly a borough by itself but since Berlin 's 2001 administrative reform a part of the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf .
The former borough of Wilmersdorf included the localities of Halensee , Schmargendorf and Grunewald .
Vichy is a commune in the department of Allier in Auvergne in central France .
Lyas is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
In philately , a block is a group of postage stamps still attached to each other .
The Election Riot of 1874 occurred near Comer .
Its boundaries were altered in 1866 and 1868 .
Barbour County , Alabama is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama .
Barbour County was established on December 18 , 1832 , from former Creek Indian territory and a portion of Pike County .
As of 2000 the population was 29,038 .
Its name is in honor of James Barbour , who served as Governor of Virginia .
Its county seat is Clayton .
Much , but by no means all of the council and local civil service is housed at Manchester Town Hall and the Town Hall Extension , in the city 's commercial center .
Crest : On a multicoloured wreath stands a terrestrial globe , signifying Manchester 's world trade , and covered by a swarm of flying bees .
The lion also wears the Lancashire Rose .
On the dexter side a heraldic antelope argent , attired , and chain reflexed over the back Or , and on the sinister side a lion guardant Or , murally crowned Gules ; each charged on the shoulder with a rose of the last .
Motto : Concilio et Labore '' '' .
Currently the council is controlled by the Labor Party and is led by Sir Richard Leese .
It is made up of 96 councillors , three for each of the 32 wards .
It achieved city status in 1853 , only the second such grant since the Reformation .
The Shield : red -LRB- Gules -RRB- with three gold -LRB- Or -RRB- bands drawn diagonally across to the right hand side .
On a wreath of colors , a terrestrial globe semÃ e of bees volant , all proper .
A new Town Hall was opened in 1877 -LRB- by Alderman Abel Heywood -RRB- and the Mayor of Manchester was granted the title of Lord Mayor in 1893 .
On the right a golden lion stands guardant -LRB- facing us -RRB- , crowned with a red -LRB- Gules -RRB- castle -LRB- a reference to the Roman fort at Castlefield from which the city originated -RRB- .
This is a reference to the city 's trading base .
Elections are usually by thirds -LRB- a third of the seats elected , three years in every four -RRB- , although the 2004 elections , due to substantial boundary changes -LRB- which involved the total number of councillors reduced -RRB- , saw all seats contested .
The white -LRB- Argent -RRB- top segment -LRB- the Chief -RRB- , shows a ship at sea in full sail .
The bee was adopted in the 19th century as a symbol of industryâ '' Manchester being the birthplace of the Industrial Revolution .
Manchester was incorporated in 1838 under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 as the Corporation of Manchester or Manchester Corporation .
Manchester City Council is the local authority for Manchester , a city and metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester , England , United Kingdom .
`` Gules , three bendlets enhanced Or ; a chief argent , thereon on waves of the sea a ship under sail proper .
Supporters : On the left a heraldic antelope with a chain attached to a gold -LRB- Or -RRB- collar , representing engineering industries , and hanging at the shoulder , the red rose of Lancashire , in which county Manchester once was .
Motto : `` Concilio et Labore '' -- loosely translated `` By wisdom and effort '' -LRB- or ` By counsel and hard work ' -RRB- .
The area included in the city has been increased many times , in 1885 -LRB- Bradford , Harpurhey and Rusholme -RRB- , 1890 -LRB- Blackley , Crumpsall , part of Droylsden , Kirkmanshulme , Moston , Newton Heath , Openshaw , and West Gorton -RRB- , 1903 -LRB- Heaton -RRB- , 1904 -LRB- Burnage , Chorlton cum Hardy , Didsbury , and Moss Side -RRB- , 1909 -LRB- Gorton , and Levenshulme -RRB- , 1931 -LRB- Wythenshawe : Baguley , Northenden , and Northen Etchells -RRB- , and Ringway .
After the fall of Soviet Union , he has been able to make two more short films , Life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and The End -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
Being from a country far away from internationally significant cinema circles , Peleshyan 's efforts were never been properly recognized by world cinema until very recently .
Peleshyan is also the author of a range of theoretical works , such as his 1988 book Moyo kino -LRB- My Cinema -RRB- .
David Nizam `` Brownsound '' Baksh -LRB- born 26 July 1980 in Ajax , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is a Canadian guitarist , singer and producer of Indo-Guyanese descent , best known as the ex-lead guitarist of punk band Sum 41 , but has since became a singer\/guitarist in his own heavy metal\/reggae project Brown Brigade .
It was later re-released as a special edition DVD -LRB- which altered the original title 's `` II '' into `` 2 '' -RRB- on August 31 , 2004 .
Although not promoted as a soundtrack to the film , it contained all the songs from the film and some additional songs inspired by it by Lebo M. -LRB- Tina Turner recorded a version of `` He Lives in You '' for the film , which is not included on this album -RRB- .
Disney sold 3.5 million copies in three days .
In 1998 , Disney believed that Simba 's Pride would be so popular that it shipped 15 million copies to stores for the October 27 release date .
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride -LRB- later retitled The Lion King 2 : Simba 's Pride -RRB- is a 1998 American direct-to-video animated film released by Walt Disney Home Video on October 27 , 1998 .
Convinced that Kovu was aware of the ambush , the wounded Simba exiles him and orders Kiara confined to their den . Kiara later escapes and , after a long search , reunites with Kovu .
In the morning , Simba invites Kovu for a walk and tells him the true story of Scar , which Kovu had never heard .
An audio CD entitled Return to Pride Rock : Songs Inspired by Disney 's The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride was released on September 8 , 1998 .
However , the CD only contains the songs featured in the film , without any of the inspired songs in The Lion King .
Thirteen million copies were sold while it was still in print in the late 90s .
Simba allows the Outlanders , including Kovu , to return to the Pride Lands , and Kovu is allowed to stand with Kiara at the top of Pride Rock .
On August 31 , 2004 , Disney released an `` enhanced soundtrack '' to coincide with the release of the film 's 2-Disc Special Edition DVD .
Watford is a station at the end of the Watford branch of London Underground 's Metropolitan Line in the north-western part of the network in Zone 7 , previously zone A.
It offers bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees , as well as an executive education program .
Ross also offers dual degrees with the colleges and schools of urban planning , engineering , medicine , law , public policy , social work , education , nursing , information , music , and the School of Natural Resources and Environment -LRB- SNRE -RRB- .
It was constructed entirely of local stone , including Purbeck Marble .
The medieval wooden screen opposite the chapel was smashed into many pieces by the blast , but it has been reconstructed and restored .
In 1107 , William Warelwast , a nephew of William the Conqueror , was appointed to the see , and this was the catalyst for the building of a new cathedral in the Norman style .
The upper dial , added in 1760 , shows the minutes .
Subsequent repairs and the clearance of the area around the western end of the building uncovered portions of earlier structures , including remains of the Roman city and of the original Norman cathedral .
The cathedral sustained a direct hit by a large high-explosive bomb on the chapel of St James , completely demolishing it .
The door below the clock has a round hole near its base .
The main , lower , dial is the oldest part of the clock , dating from 1484 .
The original clockwork mechanism , much modified , repaired , and neglected until it was replaced in the early 20th century , can be seen on the floor below .
Its official foundation was in 1133 , during Warelwast 's time , but it took many more years to complete .
On 4 May 1942 , an early morning air raid took place over Exeter .
The new cathedral was complete by about 1400 , apart from the addition of the chapter house and chantry chapels .
The Latin phrase Pereunt et Imputantur , a favorite motto for clocks and sundials was written by the Latin poet Martial .
It is usually translated as `` they perish and are reckoned to our account '' , referring to the hours that we spend , wisely or not .
Following the appointment of Walter Bronescombe as bishop in 1258 , the building was already recognized as outmoded , and it was rebuilt in the Decorated Gothic style , following the example of nearby Salisbury .
This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop 's cat to deter vermin that were attracted to the animal fat used to lubricate the clock mechanism .
Fortunately many of the cathedral 's most important artifacts , such as the glass of the great east window , the misericords , the Exeter Book , the bishop 's throne and the Bronescombe Effigy , had been removed at the start of the war in anticipation of such an attack .
However , much of the Norman building was kept , including the two massive square towers and part of the walls .
Exeter Cathedral , the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at Exeter , is an Anglican cathedral , and the seat of the Bishop of Exeter , in the city of Exeter , Devon in South West England .
The fleur-de-lys ` hand ' indicates the time -LRB- and the position of the sun in the sky -RRB- on a 24-hour analog dial .
The clock is one of the group of famous 14th to 16th century astronomical clocks to be found in the West of England .
The numbering consists of two sets of I-XII Roman numerals .
The silver ball and inner dial shows both the age of the moon and its phase -LRB- using a rotating black shield to indicate the moon 's phase -RRB- .
The muniment room above , three bays of the aisle and two flying buttresses were also destroyed in the blast .
The Turks and Caicos Islands national football team is the national team of the Turks and Caicos Islands and is controlled by the Turks and Caicos Islands Football Association .
Coquainvilliers is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Durant is a city in Bryan County , Oklahoma , United States .
Tayac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Since the music is hard-coded onto the barrel , the only way for a barrel organ to play a different set of tunes is to replace the barrel with another one .
Especially in churches , some large barrel organs were built as `` barrel and finger '' organs .
Street barrel organs usually play 7 to 9 tunes , although small organs -LRB- usually the older ones -RRB- can play up to 15 tunes .
The pieces of music -LRB- or tunes -RRB- are encoded onto the barrel using metal pins and staples .
Elf disbanded in 1975 , after recording three albums .
The band was originally called The Electric Elves , but was shortened to The Elves and finally Elf in mid-1970 .
Elf 's self-titled debut album was produced by Deep Purple members Roger Glover and Ian Paice , who happened to see Elf auditioning in 1972 .
Yoshinari Takagi is a Japanese football player currently playing for Nagoya Grampus .
The population was 480 at the 2000 census .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Christian Koffi Ndri -LRB- born 4 June 1983 in Abidjan -RRB- , commonly known as Romaric is an Ivorian football midfielder who plays for Sevilla FC and the CÃ te d'Ivoire national team .
Specifically , Beverly Hills is bordered on the northwest by the Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains , on the east by West Hollywood , the Carthay neighborhood of Los Angeles , and the Fairfax District of Los Angeles , and on the south by the Beverlywood .
Beverly Hills and the neighboring city of West Hollywood are together entirely surrounded by the city of Los Angeles .
Beverly Hills is served by the following newspapers : Beverly Hills Courier and Beverly Hills Weekly .
Michael Shayne Graham -LRB- born December 9 , 1977 in Radford , Virginia -RRB- is an American football placekicker for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
He played college football at Virginia Tech .
Marc Crosas Luque -LRB- born 9 January 1988 in Sant Feliu de GuÃ xols , Girona , Catalonia , Spain -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for FC Volga as a central midfielder .
Eric Bogosian -LRB- born April 24 , 1953 -RRB- is an American actor , playwright , monologist , and novelist .
Hisao Kami -LRB- born 28 June 1941 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and manager .
1980 : Peugeot 505 1984 : Peugeot 205 1996 : Peugeot 406 1999 : Peugeot 206
Peugeot has produced four winners of the European Car of the Year award . 1969 : Peugeot 504 1988 : Peugeot 405 2002 : Peugeot 307
It is located in the far north of the territory , one of the two similarly sized islands that makeup the majority of St. George 's Parish .
St. David 's Island is one of the main islands of Bermuda .
With the change in climate , the remaining lake began drying up , leaving Great Salt Lake , Utah Lake , Sevier Lake , & Rush Lake as remnants .
The lake lies in portions of five counties : Box Elder , Davis , Tooele , Weber , and Salt Lake .
It is one of several genera commonly referred to as sage .
When used without modifiers , sage generally refers to Salvia officinalis -LRB- `` common sage '' -RRB- ; however , it is used with modifiers to refer to any member of the genus .
The ornamental species are commonly referred to by their genus name Salvia .
Salvia is the largest genus of plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , with approximately 700-900 species of shrubs , herbaceous perennials , and annuals .
Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Alfred Deakin -LRB- 3 August 1856 â `` 7 October 1919 -RRB- , Australian politician , was a leader of the movement for Australian federation and later the second Prime Minister of Australia .
It has a handling capacity of 15-17 million passengers per year , compared with the capacity of Hanoi - Noi Bai airport of 8 million passengers and Da Nang 's 2 million passengers .
David Kaufman -LRB- born July 23 , 1969 -RRB- is an American voice-over artist and character actor , best-known for his recent roles as the voice of Danny Fenton on Danny Phantom , the voice of Maggie 's brother Aldrin on The Buzz on Maggie , and the voice of Marty McFly , Michael J. Fox 's animated character on Back to the Future : The Animated Series .
Sains-l Ã s-Fressin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France .
Shara Nelson -LRB- born in London , England -RRB- is a singer and musician , notable for providing the vocals on the Massive Attack song `` Unfinished Sympathy '' which has been widely critically acclaimed , particularly in polls conducted by MTV2 and NME , Unfinished Sympathy # Critical acclaim , .
Buggenhout is a municipality in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Hamars is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
CoÅ na is a commune located in Suceava County , Romania .
Modular Audio Recognition Framework -LRB- MARF -RRB- is an open-source research platform and a collection of voice , sound , speech , text and natural language processing -LRB- NLP -RRB- algorithms written in Java and arranged into a modular and extensible framework that attempts to facilitate addition of new algorithms .
MARF , its applications , and the corresponding source code and documentation are released under the BSD-style license .
MARF may act as a library in applications or be used as a source for learning and extension .
The company had a seven-year agreement to operate passenger train services from Wrexham via Shropshire to London on an open-access basis .
The service ceased on 28 January 2011 .
Wrexham & Shropshire began services on 28 April 2008 .
Wrexham & Shropshire -LRB- WSMR -RRB- was the operating name of the Wrexham , Shropshire and Marylebone Railway Company , a former train operating company in the United Kingdom .
A computing platform is some sort of hardware architecture and software framework -LRB- including application frameworks -RRB- that allows software to run .
Alsatian -LRB- Alsatian and -LRB- literally Alsatian-German -RRB- ; ; or ElsÃ sserdeutsch -RRB- is a Low Alemannic German dialect spoken in most of Alsace , a region in eastern France which has passed between French and German control many times .
JosÃ RÃ bson do Nascimento , better known as RÃ bson or Robgol -LRB- born on May 10 , 1970 in Barra de SÃ # o Miguel , ParaÃ ba state -RRB- is a Brazilian politician and former football forward .
The International Astronomical Union -LRB- IAU -RRB- is a collection of professional astronomers , at the Ph. D. level and beyond , active in professional research and education in astronomy .
The IAU maintains friendly relations with organizations that include amateur astronomers in their membership .
Begg is the first permanent wheelchair user in the House of Commons .
Dame Anne Begg , DBE -LRB- born 6 December 1955 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician , who has been the Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for Aberdeen South since 1997 .
It was the franchise 's 35th season in the National Hockey League , 28th season as the Calgary Flames .
His journeys spanned nearly thirty years and covered almost the entire known Islamic world and beyond , extending from North Africa , West Africa , Southern Europe and Eastern Europe in the West , to the Middle East , Indian subcontinent , Central Asia , Southeast Asia and China in the East , a distance far surpassing that of his predecessors and his near-contemporary Marco Polo .
Hajji Abu Abdullah Muhammad Ibn Battuta , or simply Ibn Battuta , also known as Shams ad -- Din -LRB- February 25 , 1304 â `` 1368 or 1369 -RRB- , was a Moroccan Berber Islamic scholar and traveller known for the record of his travels and excursions published in the Rihla -LRB- literally , `` The Journey '' -RRB- .
It is the headquarters of the Piaggio company , which in the 1930s was a major aircraft manufacturer and which now manufactures motor vehicles such as the Vespa and the Ape .
It has a small lake in Pietroconti called Braccini lake .
Pontedera is an Italian industrial town in Tuscany , Italy , in the administrative province of Pisa .
Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River .
This is a category for specific aircraft which are notable for their achievements in aviation or particular historical significance .
Saint-D Ã sir is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
There are three types of mechanical waves : Transverse waves , longitudinal waves , and surface wavessound waves , water waves , earthquake waves .
Several months later , she called Shearer 's parents and told them that she had gotten Shearer an audition for the radio show The Jack Benny Program .
Tales from Earthsea is a collection of short stories by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in 2001 .
In recent years , however , this series appears to have been discontinued .
The British Rail Class 933 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units converted for departmental use .
Originally the series was reserved for Mobile Instruction units .
Portland State is part of the Oregon University System .
Isambard Kingdom Brunel , FRS -LRB- 9 April 1806 -- 15 September 1859 -RRB- , was a leading British civil engineer , famed for his bridges and dockyards , and especially for the construction of the first major British railway , the Great Western Railway ; a series of famous steamships , including the first propeller-driven transatlantic steamship ; and numerous important bridges and tunnels .
Monocytes are produced by the bone marrow from hematopoietic stem cell precursors called monoblasts .
They are cells that possess a large smooth nucleus , a large area of cytoplasm and many internal vesicles for processing foreign material .
These are phagocytosis , antigen presentation and cytokine production .
Monocytes circulate in the bloodstream for about one to three days and then typically move into tissues throughout the body .
Macrophages are responsible for protecting tissues from foreign substances but are also suspected to be the predominant cells involved in triggering atherosclerosis .
Monocytes are usually identified in stained smears by their large kidney shaped or notched nucleus .
Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to other tissues will then differentiate into tissue resident macrophages or dendritic cells .
Monocytes and their macrophage and dendritic cell progeny serve three main functions in the immune system .
They constitute between three to eight percent of the leukocytes in the blood .
Monocyte is a type of white blood cell and is part of the human body 's immune system . Monocytes play multiple roles in immune function .
George Walton Lucas , Jr. -LRB- born May 14 , 1944 -RRB- is an American film producer , screenwriter , director and founder\/chairman of Lucasfilm Ltd. . He is best known for being the creator of the space opera franchise Star Wars and the archaeologist-adventurer character Indiana Jones .
Calcio Catania is an Italian football club founded in 1908 and based in Catania , Sicily .
Icelandic is a North Germanic language , the main language of Iceland .
The Icelandic alphabet is notable for its retention of two old letters which no longer exist in the English alphabet : Ã , Ã 3\/4 -LRB- Ã 3\/4 orn , anglicised as `` thorn '' -RRB- and Ã , Ã -LRB- eÃ , anglicised as `` eth '' or `` edh '' -RRB- , representing the voiceless and voiced `` th '' sounds as in English thin and this respectively .
This became the symphony for viola and orchestra , Harold en Italie .
The 1996 model year marked another significant redesign of the then-aging 4Runner . Whereas the transition to the second generation 4Runner was one that kept the build quality and options roughly on par with the rest of the mid-size SUV market , the changes made in the third generation turned the 4Runner into a more luxury-oriented vehicle .
As of 2000 , the population was 11,792 .
Haskell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Stigler .
Street children is a term used to refer to children who live on the streets of a city , deprived of family care and protection .
Nicole Margaret `` Nikki '' Blonsky -LRB- born November 9 , 1988 -RRB- is an American actress and singer .
She is best known for her role as Tracy Turnblad in the 2007 film Hairspray and as Maggie Baker in the 2008 television movie Queen Sized .
Walter Frederick `` Fritz '' Mondale -LRB- born January 5 , 1928 -RRB- is an American Democratic Party politician , who served as the 42nd Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1977 â `` 1981 -RRB- , under President Jimmy Carter , and as a United States Senator for Minnesota -LRB- 1964 â `` 1976 -RRB- .
Mondale was the first vice president to have an office in the White House , and established the concept of `` activist Vice President '' .
McGregor is a city in Clayton County , Iowa , United States .
During this time , Kennedy worked on a solo album and began working with Slash on his self-titled album , and later touring with Slash throughout 2010 and 2011 as his lead vocalist .
The IRT was purchased by the City in June 1940 .
The Interborough Rapid Transit Company -LRB- IRT -RRB- was the private operator of the original underground New York City Subway line that opened in 1904 , as well as earlier elevated railways and additional rapid transit lines in New York City .
The former IRT lines -LRB- the numbered lines in the current subway system -RRB- are now the A Division or IRT Division of the Subway .
The earliest Egyptian pyramids were step pyramids . During the Third dynasty of Egypt , the architect Imhotep built Egypt 's first step pyramid , the Pyramid of Djoser , by building a series of six successively smaller mastabas -LRB- an earlier form of tomb structure -RRB- , one a top of another .
CessiÃ res is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Cornwall is rich in historic hedges , with over three-quarters of the hedges remaining today being anciently established .
In botany , trunk -LRB- or bole -RRB- refers to the main structural member of a tree that supports the branches and is supported by and directly attached to the roots .
The trunk is the most important part of the tree for timber production .
The trunk is covered by the bark , which is an important diagnostic feature in tree identification , and which often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top , depending on the species .
La Bastidonne is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Aldeburgh is a coastal town in Suffolk , East Anglia , England .
A popular weekend destination , particular attractions are the ancient Moot Hall -LRB- where the town council still meets -RRB- , Napoleonic-era Martello tower to the south , sheltered yachting marina at Slaughden , and two family run shops serving fish and chips , one of which is often cited as among the best fish and chip shops in the UK .
Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller -LRB- 10 November 1759-9 May 1805 -RRB- was a German poet , philosopher , historian , and playwright .
For instance , U.S. Route 201 splits from U.S. Route 1 at Brunswick , Maine , and runs north to Canada .
North to south highways are odd-numbered , with lowest numbers in the east and highest numbers in the west .
In 1952 , AASHO permanently recognized the splits in U.S. Route 11 , U.S. Route 19 , U.S. Route 25 , U.S. Route 31 , U.S. Route 45 , U.S. Route 49 , U.S. Route 73 , and U.S. Route 99 .
In addition , U.S. Route 163 , designated in 1970 , is nowhere near U.S. Route 63 . The short U.S. Route 57 , approved ca .
Major northâ `` south routes have numbers ending in `` 1 '' while major eastâ `` west routes have numbers ending in `` 0 '' .
The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house of the Oklahoma Legislature , the legislative body of the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Guerrero is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua , in northern Mexico .
The municipal seat lies at Vicente Guerrero -LRB- aka Ciudad Guerrero -RRB- .
The municipality covers an area of 5,603.6 kmÂ .
Treize-Vents is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
He died in Springfield , Missouri , at Cox South Hospital from an abdominal aortic aneurysm .
He held the record for the most number one singles of any act with 55 No. 1 Billboard country hits until George Strait broke the record in 2006 .
A former member of the Grand Ole Opry , he was inducted into both the Country Music and the Rockabilly Halls of Fame .
Conway Twitty -LRB- September 1 , 1933 -- June 5 , 1993 -RRB- , born Harold Lloyd Jenkins , was an American country music artist .
Balm bei GÃ 1\/4 nsberg is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Oldham Athletic Association Football Club is an English association football club based at Boundary Park , on Sheepfoot Lane in Oldham , Greater Manchester .
Johnny Marr -LRB- born John Martin Maher ; 31 October 1963 -RRB- is an English songwriter , guitarist , keyboardist , harmonica player , and singer .
Marr rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in the Smiths , where he formed a prolific songwriting partnership with Morrissey .
The Volkswagen Eos is a four-seat retractable hardtop coupe convertible , introduced in 2006 as the successor to the Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet .
Opio is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France situated near Grasse .
OrignÃ is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France .
Cremated remains can be kept in an urn , stored in a special memorial building -LRB- columbarium -RRB- , buried in the ground at many locations or sprinkled on a special field , mountain , or in the sea . In addition , there are several services in which the cremated remains will be scattered in a variety of ways and locations .
A Doppler radar is a specialized radar that makes use of the doppler effect to produce velocity data about objects at a distance .
There are three ways of producing the Doppler effect . Radars may be Coherent pulsed -LRB- CP -RRB- , Continuous wave -LRB- CW -RRB- , or Frequency modulated -LRB- FM -RRB- .
The individual was usually a profound thinker distinguished for wisdom and sound judgment .
Kronborg is situated near the town of HelsingÃ r -LRB- immortalized as Elsinore in Shakespeare 's Hamlet -RRB- on the extreme northeastern tip of Zealand at the narrowest point of the Ã resund , the sound between Denmark and Sweden .
The castle has for centuries been one of the most important Renaissance castles in Northern Europe and was added to UNESCO 's World Heritage Sites list on November 30 , 2000 .
In this part , the sound is only 4 km wide , hence the strategic importance of maintaining a sea fortress at this location commanding one of the few outlets of the Baltic Sea .
Griffin received her third Grammy nomination for `` Kathy Griffin does the Bible Belt '' .
Kathleen Mary `` Kathy '' Griffin -LRB- born November 4 , 1960 -RRB- is an American actress , model , stand-up comedian , television personality , New York Times best-selling author and an LGBT rights advocate .
Verviers is a Walloon city and municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Louise de Coligny -LRB- ChÃ cents tillon-sur-Loing , 23 September 1555 -- Fontainebleau , 13 November 1620 -RRB- was the daughter of Gaspard de Coligny and Charlotte de Laval and the fourth and last spouse of William the Silent .
Argis is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Earlier , John Wesley , founder of the Methodists adapted the Thirty-Nine Articles for use by American Methodists in the 18th century .
The resulting Articles of Religion remain official United Methodist doctrine .
HotJava -LRB- later called HotJava Browser to distinguish it from HotJava Views -RRB- is a modular , extensible web browser from Sun Microsystems implemented in Java . It was the first browser to support Java applets , and was Sun 's demonstration platform for the then new technology .
Conrad Thomas Lant -LRB- aka Cronos -RRB- -LRB- born 15 January 1963 , London -RRB- is a British musician who is the vocalist and bass player of the influential black\/thrash metal band Venom , from 1979 to 1987 and from 1995 to this day .
jpg , which is 7370 Ã -- 1010 pixels , as 1678 Ã -- 230 , in a horizontally scrolling box , using the caption and alt text provided .
This displays : File : Ushuaia panorama from seaside big .
The main function of , as opposed to , is that the template allows you to specify a desired height of the panorama .
Wojciech Witold Jaruzelski -LRB- pronounced ; born 6 July 1923 -RRB- is a retired Polish military officer and Communist politician .
Miroslav Mentel -LRB- born December 2 , 1962 in Å urany -RRB- is a former Slovak footballer , currently is coach of goalkeepers in Slovakia national football team .
Nama Pass -LRB- el .
5500 m. -RRB- is a Himalayan mountain pass located in eastern Kumaun region of the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand , India .
Remigen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
You have new messages at 's talk page .
A `` television pilot '' , also known as a pilot episode and series premiere , is the first episode of a television series .
At the time of its inception , the pilot is meant to be the `` testing ground '' to see if a series will be possibly desired and successful and therefore a test episode of an intended television series . It is an early step in the development of a television series , much like pilot lights or pilot studies serve as precursors to the start of larger activity , or pilot holes prepare the way for larger holes .
Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss -LRB- 30 April 1777 - 23 February 1855 -RRB- was a German mathematician and scientist who contributed significantly to many fields , including number theory , statistics , analysis , differential geometry , geodesy , geophysics , electrostatics , astronomy and optics .
Gauss 's presumed method was to realize that pairwise addition of terms from opposite ends of the list yielded identical intermediate sums : 1 + 100 = 101 , 2 + 99 = 101 , 3 + 98 = 101 , and so on , for a total sum of 50 Ã -- 101 = 5050 .
Gauss 's intellectual abilities attracted the attention of the Duke of Braunschweig , who sent him to the Collegium Carolinum -LRB- now Technische UniversitÃ t Braunschweig -RRB- , which he attended from 1792 to 1795 , and to the University of GÃ ttingen from 1795 to 1798 .
Freckles are clusters of concentrated melanin which are most often visible on people with a fair complexion .
Vale tudo began in the 1920s with the `` Gracie challenge '' issued by Carlos Gracie and HÃ lio Gracie and upheld later on by descendants of the Gracie family .
Saint-Denis-de-M Ã rÃ is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The Nordiques played in the World Hockey Association -LRB- 1972 â `` 1979 -RRB- and the National Hockey League -LRB- 1979 â `` 1995 -RRB- .
The Quebec Nordiques -LRB- , pronounced in Quebec French , in Canadian English , meaning `` Northmen '' or `` Northerners '' -RRB- were a professional ice hockey team based in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
The franchise was relocated to Denver , Colorado , in 1995 , and renamed the Colorado Avalanche .
Hautes-Alpes is a department in southeastern France named after the Alps mountain range .
The raccoon dog -LRB- Nyctereutes procyonoides , from the Greek words nukt - , `` night '' + ereutÄ `` s , `` wanderer '' + prokuÅ n , `` before-dog '' -LRB- but in New Latin used to mean `` raccoon '' -RRB- + - oidÄ `` s , '' - oid '' -RRB- , also known as the Magnut or Tanuki , is a canid indigenous to east Asia . It is the only extant species in the genus Nyctereutes .
The British Transport Commission -LRB- BTC -RRB- was created by Clement Attlee 's post-war Labor government as a part of its nationalisation program , to oversee railways , canals and road freight transport in Great Britain -LRB- Northern Ireland had the separate Ulster Transport Authority -RRB- .
Its general duty under the Transport Act 1947 was to provide `` an efficient , adequate , economical and properly integrated system of public inland transport and port facilities within Great Britain for passengers and goods '' , excluding transport by air .
Brands associated with teddy bears that enjoyed strong popularity in the 1980s and 1990s are Teddy Ruxpin and Care Bears .
During her long career , she has reached six Grand Slam singles quarterfinals and one Grand Slam singles semifinal .
She has won 11 WTA singles titles and 5 WTA doubles titles and has earned over US$ 8.3 million in prize money .
Polydor is a record label owned by Universal Music Group and is currently headquartered in the UK .
Though Polydor 's American branch is defunct , in the United Kingdom Polydor continues to sign chart-topping acts .
Both Girls Aloud and Sophie Ellis-Bextor transferred to the new label .
In Spring 2006 , Polydor launched Fascination Records , a music label dedicated to pop music .
Together with Sir Frederick Hopkins , he received the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine .
Christiaan Eijkman -LRB- ; 11 August 1858 , Nijkerk , Gelderland -- 5 November 1930 , Utrecht -RRB- was a Dutch physician and professor of physiology whose demonstration that Beriberi is caused by poor diet led to the discovery of vitamins .
Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods comprising one known extant species -LRB- Vampyroteuthis infernalis -RRB- and many extinct taxa .
Bodybuilders prepare for competition though a combination of fat loss , oils , and tanning -LRB- or tanning lotions -RRB- which combined with lighting make the definition of the muscle group more distinct .
Bodybuilding is a form of body modification , involving intensive muscle hypertrophy .
An individual who engages in this activity is referred to as a bodybuilder .
For example , the year of the Yang Fire Rat occurred in 1936 and in 1996 , 60 years apart .
This means that anyone born from January 1 to January 25 , 1990 was actually born in the year of the snake rather than the year of the horse .
The year 1990 is considered by some people to be the year of the horse .
The dates for Chinese New Year from 1996 to 2019 -LRB- in the Gregorian calendar -RRB- are at the left , along with the year 's presiding animal zodiac and its earthly branch .
As the Chinese New Year starts in late January to mid-February , the Chinese year dates from January 1 until that day in the new Gregorian year remain unchanged from the previous Gregorian year .
The names of the earthly branches have no English counterparts and are not the Chinese translations of the animals .
The elements are rotated every two years while a yin and yang association alternates every year .
Alongside the 12-year cycle of the animal zodiac there is a 10-year cycle of heavenly stems .
For example , the 1989 year of the snake began on February 6 , 1989 .
Many confuse their Chinese birth-year with their Gregorian birth-year .
Each of the ten heavenly stems is associated with one of the five elements of Chinese astrology , namely : Wood , Fire , Earth , Metal , and Water .
The elements are thus distinguished : Yang Wood , Yin Wood , Yang Fire , Yin Fire , etc. .
These produce a combined cycle that repeats every 60 years .
However , the 1989 year of the snake officially ended on January 26 , 1990 .
Stanton is located at .
Stanton is a city in Montgomery County , Iowa , United States .
The main sights of Ennetmoos are : the church St. Jakob , the chapel St. Leonhard in Rohren , the chapel St. Magnus in Allweg , a monument -LRB- Ã berfalldenkmal -RRB- in Allweg , ruins at Rotzberg , the Stanserhorn mountain and resort , and the pilgrimage route St. Jakobsweg .
Ennetmoos is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
It is divided into two dialects : Karachay which pronounces two phonemes as \/ tÊ \/ and \/ dÊ ' \/ , and Balkar , which pronounces the corresponding phonemes as \/ ts \/ and \/ z \/ .
Daewoo rapidly expanded their distribution network with the inception of new models , which made the Leganza present in the markets of most countries , albeit not necessarily with sales success . Daewoo placed special emphasis on developing markets , which involved the assembly of Leganzas in countries like Poland , Romania , Russia and Uzbekistan , in plants owned by Daewoo or under license agreements .
The Daewoo Leganza is a mid-size sedan produced by the former Daewoo Motors in South Korea between 1997 and 2002 .
Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
The Lachlan river is within the area occupied by the Wiradjuri people .
However , the Lachlan , unlike the Murrumbidgee River and the Murray River further south , does not have its source in the snowfields and does not enjoy the large and reliable spring flow from the melting snow from which those rivers benefit .
The 500 kmÂ swamp , a floodplain for the Lachlan , joins the Murrumbidgee River to the south .
During the flood in August 1990 , 132 houses in Forbes were affected by flood with their yards or their floors covered by water .
The Lachlan River flows west and then south , terminating in the Great Cumbung swamp near Oxley -LRB- between Hay and Balranald -RRB- .
More than 900 families were evacuated , with many rescued from roof-tops by boat and helicopter .
Annual flows have ranged from less than 1,000 megalitres -LRB- 810 acre-feet -RRB- in 1944 to as much as 10,900,000 megalitres -LRB- 8.8 million acre feet -RRB- in 1950 .
In 1870 the river peaked at 15.9 metres at Cowra .
More than 100,000 people live in the Lachlan catchment .
Since 1887 , the highest flood level at Forbes was in June 1952 when the river peaked at 10.80 m -LRB- 35 feet 3 inches -RRB- at the Forbes Iron Bridge .
24 local government organizations provide administration within the region .
The river has flooded every seven years since 1887 at Forbes .
The European discoverer of the Lachlan River in 1815 was Acting-Surveyor George William Evans , who named the river after Lachlan Macquarie , the Governor of the colony of New South Wales .
In the early days of the colony of New South Wales , the southern part of the Lachlan was known as Fish River .
It was only after further exploration that it was realized that these two rivers were the same river and the name Fish River was dropped .
The Wiradjuri tribal area has been described as `` the land of the three rivers , the Wambool later known as the Macquarie , the Kalare later known as the Lachlan and the Murrumbidgee -LRB- Murrumbidjeri -RRB- .
The Murray River formed the Wiradjuri 's southern boundary , the change from woodland to open grassland formed their eastern boundary . ''
Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to regulate the flow of the river .
At least 500 sheep were drowned on properties in the Eugowra\/Trundle area and most of Eugowra 's 400 residents were evacuated and some residents from Trundle .
14 % of NSW agricultural production is generated in the region from a land area of approximately 10 % of NSW .
Other significant years of floods were : 1891 , 1916 , 1951 , 1956 , 1961 , 1974 , 1976 , 1993 , 1998 .
Floods in 1992 did not reach the same levels at Forbes as in 1990 , however , Lachlan Valley farmers lost about 30 percent of their lucerne crops just before harvest .
The Lachlan River is a significant river in central New South Wales , Australia .
The Lachlan River was substantially explored by John Oxley in 1817 .
Its major headwaters , the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River converge near the town of Cowra .
In dry years , the Lachlan can have periods of zero flow of over a year -LRB- for example from April 1944 to April 1945 -RRB- , which is a complete contrast to the Murray and Murrumbidgee which have not been known to cease to flow since European settlement .
Iragna is a municipality in the district of Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Samaro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
The town is the headquarters of a taluka -LRB- an administrative subdivision -RRB- of Mirpur Khas District .
Backergunje , or Bakarganj was a former district of British India in the Dacca division of Eastern Bengal and Assam , and is now mostly in Bangladesh .
The Haringhata , Baleswar , Madhumati and Garai are different local names for the same river along various parts of its course and it represent another great offshoot of the Ganges .
Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- vocals , bass -RRB- , Gus Pepa -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , and Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Koji Sakamoto -LRB- born December 3 , 1978 in Yasu , Shiga , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Shonan Bellmare .
Every family hearth was her altar .
Her father , pressured by his mistress , Madame de Montesson , sent her to a convent .
Finally , in 1770 , when she was twenty years old , she was allowed to leave the convent and marry her younger cousin , the duc de Bourbon , the son and heir of Louis Joseph de Bourbon , Prince of CondÃ and his wife Charlotte Ã lisabeth Godefride de Rohan .
She fell out with her royalist husband and son , who both chose to leave France after the storming of the Bastille .
In 1804 , she learned that NapolÃ on I , whom she admired , had had her only son , Louis Antoine , Duke of Enghien , kidnapped , and executed by firing squad in the moat of the ChÃ cents teau de Vincennes .
She was known as Citoyenne VÃ ritÃ during the French Revolution .
In 1822 , while she was taking part in a march towards the PanthÃ on , she lost consciousness , and drew her last breath in the home of a law professor who taught at the Sorbonne .
Relegated to a place near Barcelona , Bathilde founded , despite her small means , a pharmacy and dispensary for the poor , and her house became a gathering place for those who needed aid .
Instead , she resumed her affair with the police officer who had escorted her to Spain in 1797 .
Badly rewarded for her fidelity to the democratic ideals of the Revolution , she survived a year and a half in a prison cell .
She was buried in the OrlÃ ans family chapel her sister-in-law , the Duchess of OrlÃ ans , who had died in 1821 , had built in CollÃ giale de Dreux in 1816 , as the final resting place for Bourbon-Toulouse-Penthi Ã vre and OrlÃ ans families .
Initially , Bathilde was considered as a possible bride for a distant cousin , Ferdinand , Duke of Parma , the favorite grandson of King Louis XV of France ; however , that marriage never materialised .
In retribution , the National Convention decreed the imprisonment of all Bourbons remaining in France .
In November of the same year , her brother was guillotined .
In 1797 , the Directoire decided to exile the last of the Bourbons still living in France .
In 1815 , at the start of the Bourbon Restoration , Louis XVIII traded with her the HÃ tel Matignon for the Ã lysÃ e Palace .
For ten years , the emperor kept the mother of his most famous victim from setting foot in France .
Despite being forty-seven years old at the time , during the months which this journey took , she had an amorous intrigue with a handsome twenty-seven year old police officer -LRB- gendarme -RRB- under whose responsibility she had been put .
Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde d'Orl Ã ans , was the daughter of the Louis Philippe d'Orl Ã ans , Duke of Chartres and his wife , Louise Henriette de Bourbon .
After her death , her nephew , Louis-Philippe , wanting to give an air of respectability to her bohemian lifestyle , burned the manuscript of her memoirs and a file on her young police officer located in the war archives .
Bathilde was born at the ChÃ cents teau de Saint-Cloud , some ten kilometers west of Paris , on 9 July 1750 .
As the Ancien RÃ gime crumbled , she took the name , Citoyenne VÃ ritÃ -LRB- Citizeness Truth -RRB- .
Her mother died in 1759 when Bathilde was just eight years old .
The scandal of her husband 's adultery came out in 1778 , and the consequences fell entirely on her shoulders .
In April 1793 , her nephew , the young duc de Chartres -LRB- future Louis-Philippe King of the French -RRB- , fled France and sought asylum with the Austrians .
While other members of the OrlÃ ans family still in France were kept under house arrest , Bathilde , Philippe Ã galitÃ and his sons were imprisoned in the Fort Saint-Jean in Marseille .
The two maintained a correspondence during her exile .
Bathilde promptly installed a community of nuns on the premises and charged them with praying for the souls of the victims of the Revolution .
During the French Revolution , just like her brother Philippe Ã galitÃ , Bathilde discovered democracy .
With her sister-in-law , Louise Marie AdÃ laÃ de de Bourbon , duchesse d'Orl Ã ans , Bathilde was made to get into an old coach with all her remaining worldly goods and was sent to Spain with her illegitimate daughter .
Her family , in the new moral order of the day , wanted to see her rejoin her husband after a separation of thirty-five years , but she refused .
Later , she passed the child off as the daughter of her secretary , in order to keep the little girl close to her .
She was sister of Philippe Ã galitÃ , the mother of the executed duc d'Enghien and aunt of Louis-Philippe King of the French .
Threatened by the new revolutionary government , she offered her wealth to the First French Republic before it could be confiscated .
During her time at the convent , she became a very spiritual person , a trait that would remain with her all her life .
Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde d'Orl Ã ans , Princess of CondÃ -LRB- 9 July 1750 -- 10 January 1822 -RRB- , was a French princess .
Bathilde got her revenge in 1814 , when the people , seeing in her the mother of the `` Martyr of Vincennes , '' cheered her as she traveled the route back to Paris .
Descended from both Louis XIV of France and his younger brother , Philippe de France , Duke of OrlÃ ans , Bathilde was born a princesse du sang .
She became completely republican during this time period , despite her exile .
As a separated spouse , she was never received at court and was forced to reorganise her life in the gilded solitude of the ChÃ cents teau de Chantilly .
In her isolation , she discreetly had an illegitimate daughter with a marine officer .
The couple separated in 1780 .
Miraculously spared during the Reign of Terror , Bathilde was liberated during the Thermidorian Reaction and returned to her Ã lysÃ e residence in Paris .
Poverty-stricken , she was forced to rent out most of the palace .
In 2009 , Good Morning America published a story on Dreidel Renaissance reporting on the rising popularity of the dreidel .
Cambligneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A propulsor is a mechanical device that gives propulsion .
Lenox is home to the Lenox Rodeo held annually by the Lenox Stock and Saddle Club . Lenox won the Class 1A Iowa State Baseball Championship in 2006 , and the Iowa 8-Man Football State Championship in 2008 .
Named after philanthropists Robert and Suzanne Gottlieb , the Gottlieb Animal Health and Conservation Center is a 33589 s facility situated in a restricted area in the upper reaches of the zoo .
The first zoo opened in 1912 and was about two miles -LRB- 3.2 km -RRB- south of its current site until about 1965 .
The City of Los Angeles owns the entire zoo , its land and facilities , and the animals .
The zoo is open from 10am -- 5pm every day of the year except December 25 .
Animal care , grounds maintenance , construction , education , public information , and administrative staff are city employees .
In 2002 , the zoo became a certified Botanical Gardens and the official name of the institution was changed to the Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens .
The zoo , located in Los Angeles ' Griffith Park , is home to 1,100 animals from around the world .
The Los Angeles Zoo , founded in 1966 , is a 113 a zoo located in Los Angeles , California .
Among other features , it includes a state-of-the-art intensive care unit , an on-site commissary , a surgical suite with observation area , and research facilities .
In 2007 the facility handled 853 medical cases .
In the 1971 20th Century Fox film Escape from the Planet of the Apes , the characters Zira and Cornelius are briefly quarantined at the Los Angeles Zoo .
Spread throughout zoo grounds , there are 15 different collections , highlighting over 800 different plant species , with a total of over 7,400 individual plants .
The smallest patient treated was a spider tortoise -LRB- 0.08 kg -RRB- and the largest was an Asian elephant -LRB- 4,826 kg -RRB- .
Sainte-Ode is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Salomon Armand Magloire Kalou -LRB- born 5 August 1985 in OumÃ , CÃ te d'Ivoire -RRB- is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Chelsea in the Premier League .
Castellar is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Filoni made an appearance at Celebration IV on Sunday , May 28 , 2007 with producer Catherine Winder in the Celebration Theater -LRB- Room 408AB -RRB- , to discuss the beginnings of the new television series and reveal how The Clone Wars is being created .
Dave Filoni 's office , as seen in the extra features on the Star Wars : The Clone Wars DVD , is filled with Plo Koon paraphernalia .
He has a bust of Plo Koon 's head , a model of Plo Koon 's ship , an autographed portrait by the actor who played Plo Koon , a replica of Plo Koon 's lightsaber on his desk , and his personal Plo Koon costume on display .
An avid Plo Koon fan , Filoni dressed up as the Jedi Master for the opening of Revenge of the Sith .
Filoni also has a note book sized planner on his desk with Plo Koon 's picture taped to the outside , and he has written the words `` Plo Kool '' on concept art designs for the Clone Wars , indicating that he liked those designs .
Dave Filoni is an American film director , writer , and animator .
In February 2009 , Filoni was inducted as an Honorary Member of the 501st Legion international costuming organization in recognition of his contributions to the continuing Star Wars saga .
He is the director of the Star Wars : The Clone Wars feature film , and the supervising director of the Star Wars : The Clone Wars TV series .
Gamma-ray bursts were first observed in the late 1960s by the U.S. Vela satellites , which were built to detect gamma radiation pulses emitted by nuclear weapons tested in space .
They are the most luminous electromagnetic events known to occur in the universe .
Bursts can last from milliseconds to several minutes , although a typical burst lasts a few seconds .
Gamma-ray bursts -LRB- GRBs -RRB- are flashes of gamma rays associated with extremely energetic explosions that have been observed in distant galaxies .
Most observed events have a duration of greater than two seconds and are classified as long gamma-ray bursts .
Most observed GRBs are believed to be a narrow beam of intense radiation released during a supernova event , as a rapidly rotating , high-mass star collapses to form a neutron star or black hole .
Observations suggest significant variation in the jet angle from between 2 and 20 degrees .
The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years away from Earth , implying that the explosions are both extremely energetic -LRB- a typical burst releases as much energy in a few seconds as the Sun will in its entire 10 billion year lifetime -RRB- and extremely rare -LRB- a few per galaxy per million years -RRB- .
However , gamma-ray bursts are thought to be highly focused explosions , with most of the explosion energy collimated into a narrow jet traveling at speeds exceeding 99.995 % of the speed of light .
Almost every well-studied long gamma-ray burst has been associated with a rapidly star-forming galaxy and in many cases a core-collapse supernova as well , unambiguously linking long GRBs with the deaths of massive stars .
It has been hypothesized that a gamma-ray burst in the Milky Way , pointing directly towards the Earth , could cause a mass extinction event .
The initial burst is usually followed by a longer-lived `` afterglow '' emitted at longer wavelengths -LRB- X-ray , ultraviolet , optical , infrared and radio -RRB- .
A subclass of GRBs -LRB- the `` short '' bursts -RRB- appear to originate from a different process , possibly the merger of binary neutron stars .
The approximate angular width of the jet -LRB- that is , the degree of beaming -RRB- can be estimated directly by observing `` jet breaks '' in afterglow light curves : a time after which the slowly-decaying afterglow abruptly begins to fade rapidly as the jet slows down and can no longer beam its radiation as effectively .
On July 2 , 1967 , at 14:19 UTC , the Vela 4 and Vela 3 satellites detected a flash of gamma radiation unlike any known nuclear weapons signature .
Long GRB afterglow observations at high redshift are also consistent with the GRB having originated in star-forming regions .
Because their energy is strongly beamed , the gamma rays emitted by most bursts are expected to miss the Earth and never be detected .
When this effect is taken into account , typical gamma-ray bursts are observed to have a true energy release of about 1044 J , or about 1\/2000 of a Solar mass energy equivalent .
All observed GRBs have originated from outside the Milky Way galaxy , although a related class of phenomena , soft gamma repeater flares , are associated with magnetars within the Milky Way .
Uncertain what had happened but not considering the matter particularly urgent , the team at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory , led by Ray Klebesadel , filed the data away for investigation .
When a gamma-ray burst is pointed towards Earth , the focusing of its energy along a relatively narrow beam causes the burst to appear much brighter than it would have been were its energy emitted spherically .
Because these events constitute the majority of the population and because they tend to have the brightest afterglows , they have been studied in much greater detail than their short counterparts .
Le Pout is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Vensac is a commune in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Herne is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Percy Sledge -LRB- born November 25 , 1941 , Leighton , Alabama -RRB- is an American R&B and soul performer who recorded the hit `` When a Man Loves a Woman '' in 1966 .
Holly Marie Combs -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 -RRB- is an American film and television actress and producer whose roles have included a portrayal in Charmed as Piper Halliwell and another in Picket Fences , where she received a Young Artist Award for her role , as Kimberly Brock .
In his book Kitab-ul-Hind , the Persian scholar AbÅ `` RayhÄ n BÄ `` rÅ `` nÄ `` -LRB- Al-Beruni -RRB- declared that even before the advent of Islam into Sindh -LRB- 711 A.D. -RRB- , the Sindhi language was prevalent in Sindh .
A substratum is a language which has lower power or status than another , while a superstratum is the language that has higher power or status . Both substratum and superstratum languages influence each other , but in different ways .
JosÃ Manuel Jurado MarÃ n -LRB- born 29 June 1986 in SanlÃ car de Barrameda , CÃ diz -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Schalke 04 in Germany .
Warwick Castle is situated in the town of Warwick , on a sandstone bluff at a bend of the River Avon .
Warwick Castle is a medieval castle in Warwick , the county town of Warwickshire , England .
Pellet are small particles typically created by compressing an original material .
In RNA , which is used for protein synthesis , adenine binds to uracil .
It is no longer considered a true vitamin or part of the Vitamin B complex .
In DNA , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .
The shape of adenine is complementary to either thymine in DNA or uracil in RNA .
In older literature , adenine was sometimes called Vitamin B4 .
However , two B vitamins , niacin and riboflavin , bind with adenine to form the essential cofactors nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide -LRB- NAD -RRB- and flavin adenine dinucleotide -LRB- FAD -RRB- , respectively .
Water vapor or water vapor -LRB- see spelling differences -RRB- , also aqueous vapor , is the gas phase of water . Water vapor is one state of water within the hydrosphere .
Dew point temperature and relative humidity act as guidelines for the process of water vapor in the water cycle .
Water vapor can be produced from the evaporation or boiling of liquid water or from the sublimation of ice .
MÃ 1\/4 nster is an independent city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany . It is located in the northern part of the state and is considered to be the cultural center of the Westphalia region .
The average age of MÃ 1\/4 nster 's residents was 40.0 years in 2006 . The life-expectancy in MÃ 1\/4 nster is 76.3 years for males and 83.1 years for females .
MÃ 1\/4 nster is often called the bicycle capital of Germany .
In the Middle Ages MÃ 1\/4 nster was a leading member of the Hanseatic League .
MÃ 1\/4 nster has approximately 270,000 inhabitants , and in addition more than 10,000 have their secondary residence in the city .
Erlanger is a city in Kenton County , Kentucky , United States .
Edi Carlo Dias MarÃ al also known as Andradina -LRB- born September 13 , 1974 in Andradina -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer -LRB- striker -RRB- playing currently for Korona Kielce .
Titanosaurus has traditionally been treated as a `` wastebin taxon '' for poorly preserved sauropod remains that demonstrate a distinctive vertebrae anatomy .
Titanosaurus was 9-12 metres -LRB- 30-40 ft -RRB- long and weighed about 13 tons .
Feynman diagrams are often confused with spacetime diagrams and bubble chamber images because they all describe particle scattering .
This term is represented by the Feynman diagram at the right . This diagram gives contributions to the following processes :
A Feynman diagram consists of points , called vertices , and lines attached to the vertices .
Feynman diagrams were originally discovered by Feynman , by trial and error , as a way to represent the contribution to the S-matrix from different classes of particle trajectories .
Feynman diagrams are graphs that represent the trajectories of particles in intermediate stages of a scattering process . Unlike a bubble chamber picture , only the sum of all the Feynman diagrams represent any given particle interaction ; particles do not choose a particular diagram each time they interact .
Lebanon is a city in Marion County , Kentucky , United States .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
On July 4 , 2003 , he died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles after suffering from complete renal failure . His remains were cremated , and the ashes were scattered by his family off the California coast .
Pairs of enantiomers are often designated as `` right - '' and `` left-handed . ''
Molecular chirality is of interest because of its application to stereochemistry in inorganic chemistry , organic chemistry , physical chemistry , biochemistry , and supramolecular chemistry .
A molecule is achiral -LRB- not chiral -RRB- when an improper rotation , that is a combination of a rotation and a reflection in a plane , perpendicular to the axis of rotation , results in the same molecule - see chirality -LRB- mathematics -RRB- . An equivalent definition is that a chiral molecule lacks a plane of symmetry .
In chemistry , chirality usually refers to molecules .
Human hands are perhaps the most universally recognized example of chirality : The left hand is a non-superposable mirror image of the right hand ; no matter how the two hands are oriented , it is impossible for all the major features of both hands to coincide .
The symmetry of a molecule -LRB- or any other object -RRB- determines whether it is chiral .
A molecule can have multiple chiral centers without being chiral overall if there is a symmetry between the two -LRB- or more -RRB- chiral centers themselves .
This difference in symmetry becomes obvious if someone attempts to shake the right hand of a person using his left hand , or if a left-handed glove is placed on a right hand .
The term chirality is derived from the Greek word for hand , Ï Î Î Ï -LRB- cheir -RRB- .
Two mirror images of a chiral molecule are called enantiomers or optical isomers .
Up until The Sims 2 : FreeTime , the logo of Maxis was used for a button in the Options panel of the game to display the credits .
Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses , such as A-Train and SimTower .
In FreeTime , the Maxis logo was replaced by a symbol of the Sims plumbob .
Maxis Software is an American company founded as an independent video game developer in 1987 . It is currently a subsidiary of Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- .
Maxis founder Will Wright likens them as `` digital dollhouses . ''
Most Maxis titles are simulation-based , though none are considered traditional simulations .
With the release of The Sims 2 in 2004 , Maxis ' logo was only displayed at the back of the box as well as the title screen at the launch of the game .
Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- completed its acquisition of Maxis on July 28 , 1997 .
These titles and their related products are the brand 's most popular and successful lines .
Maxis is the creator of the best-selling computer game of all time , The Sims and its first sequel , The Sims 2 .
Valparaiso is a city in Okaloosa County , Florida , in the United States , and it is named after the Chilean city of Valparaiso .
She also voiced Meg in the Family Guy Video Game ! .
Guisy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Flag design is also a historical process in which current designs often refer back to previous designs , effectively quoting , elaborating , or commenting upon them .
The Flag Identification System was created by Whitney Smith and adopted by FIAV .
Other symbols are used to describe other aspects of the usage of the flag , such as official status and which side of the flag is being shown .
Families of current flags may derive from a few common ancestors as in the cases of the Pan-African colors , the Pan-Arab colors , the Pan-Slavic colors , the Nordic Cross flag and the Ottoman flag .
The first row represents use on land and the second use on water , each divided into private -LRB- civil -RRB- , government -LRB- state -RRB- , and military -LRB- war -RRB- use .
The Cornish people in particular were actively encouraged to emigrate to Australia following the demise of Cornish mining in the 19th century .
For some , the Cornish represent a distinct ethnic group within the UK , which can trace its roots to the ancient Britons who inhabited southern and central Great Britain prior to the Roman conquest , and many in the county today continue to assert a distinct identity , separately or in addition to English or British identities . Cornish identity has been adopted by migrants into Cornwall , as well as by emigrant and descendant communities from Cornwall , the latter sometimes referred to as the Cornish diaspora .
The Safavids -LRB- ; Kurdish : Ø Û Ù Û Ù Û Û Û Ú Ø Ù , SefewÃ ; -RRB- were one of the most significant ruling dynasties of Iran .
They ruled one of the greatest Persian empires since the Muslim conquest of Persia and established the Twelver school of Shi ` a Islam as the official religion of their empire , marking one of the most important turning points in Muslim history .
The Hongwu Emperor -LRB- ; 21 October , 1328 â `` 24 June 1398 -RRB- , known variably by his given name Zhu Yuanzhang and by his temple name Taizu of Ming , was the founder and first emperor of the Ming Dynasty of China .
This is a list of Number 1 hit singles in 1996 in New Zealand , starting with the first chart dated , 12 January 1996 .
VedÃ ne is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The Screwtape Letters comprises thirty-one letters written by a senior demon named Screwtape to his nephew , a young demon named Wormwood .
The Screwtape Letters is a satirical Christian apologetics novel written in epistolary style by C. S. Lewis , first published in book form in February 1942 .
A striking contrast is formed between Wormwood and Screwtape during the rest of the book .
Sachio Yoshida -LRB- born 6 April 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Villeneuve is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Residents of Blanchard and nearby Dibble , Oklahoma are served by the weekly newspaper The Blanchard News . The radio station KKNG-FM -LRB- `` King Country 97.3 KKNG '' -RRB- identifies Blanchard as its home , however , only the transmitter is located in Blanchard , while the operating offices are in Oklahoma City .
There were hula celebrating his lineage , his name , and even his genitals -LRB- hula mai -RRB- . Sacred hula , celebrating Hawaiian gods , were also danced .
There are many sub-styles of hula , with the main two categories being Hula ` Auana and Hula Kahiko .
It concentrates on a relatively small number of pop acts and will complement the re-activated Fiction rock imprint .
The label was launched in spring 2006 , and is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine .
Les Isles-Bardel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Art models are models who pose for photographers , painters , sculptors , and other artists as part of their work of art .
Russell William Wallace , Jr. -LRB- born August 14 , 1956 -RRB- is a former broadcaster on ESPN , car owner in the Nationwide Series , and a former NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver .
Established on April 7 , 1948 , with headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland , the agency inherited the mandate and resources of its predecessor , the Health Organization , which was an agency of the League of Nations .
Ochsenfurt is a municipality in the district of WÃ 1\/4 rzburg , in Bavaria , Germany .
The House of Commons is the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , which also comprises the Sovereign and the House of Lords -LRB- the upper house -RRB- .
The House of Commons was originally far less powerful than the House of Lords , but today its legislative powers greatly exceed those of the Lords .
He was also the goaltender who faced the first penalty shot ever awarded during an overtime period in NHL playoff history -LRB- 1996 -RRB- .
He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs , Philadelphia Flyers , Pittsburgh Penguins , Calgary Flames , and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League from 1983 through 2000 .
He stopped Washington Capitals star JoÃ Juneau , extending what was the third-longest game in NHL history , the longest game since 1936 .
In 1983 , he joined the St. Catharines Saints , the Toronto AHL affiliate , after being drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft , 45th overall .
He split time for two seasons between St. Catharines and the Maple Leafs .
The Penguins finally won 3 â `` 2 in the fourth overtime period .
Wregget was generally backup to Penguins goaltender Tom Barrasso , although Wregget was regarded as a solid goaltender in his own right .
He played one season for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League in 2000 â `` 2001 before retiring at the age of 37 .
He won the Stanley Cup in 1992 with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Kenneth Wregget -LRB- born March 25 , 1964 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
The 1986 â `` 87 season was his first full year in the NHL .
Wregget 's best season came in 1994 â `` 95 when he played in 38 games and compiled a 25 â `` 9-2 record with a 3.21 goals against average and a .903 save percentage while also leading the NHL in wins .
In 1992 , he was traded from the Philadelphia Flyers to the reigning champion Pittsburgh Penguins along with Kjell Samuelsson and Rick Tocchet in exchange for Mark Recchi .
There was frequent speculation that Wregget would take over as the starting goaltender .
In 2009 , he was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
Wregget played for three seasons with the Lethbridge Broncos of the Western Hockey League and won the Del Wilson Trophy as the WHL 's top goaltender in 1984 .
Dicynodontia is a taxon of therapsids or mammal-like reptiles .
Dicynodonts were small to large herbivorous animals with two tusks , hence their name , which means ` two dog tooth ' .
They are also the most successful and diverse of the non-mammalian therapsids , with over 70 genera known , varying from rat - to ox-sized .
Cucurbitaceae is a plant family commonly known as melons , gourds or cucurbits and includes crops like cucumbers , squashes -LRB- including pumpkins -RRB- , luffas , melons -LRB- including watermelons -RRB- .
The family is predominantly distributed around the tropics , where those with edible fruits were amongst the earliest cultivated plants in both the Old and New Worlds .
Saint-Germain is a commune in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Blanzy-l Ã s-Fismes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
Sometimes the mirror was shown on his chest , and sometimes smoke would emanate from the mirror .
He is often shown with his right foot replaced with an obsidian mirror or a snakeâ '' an allusion to the creation myth in which he loses his foot battling with the Earth Monster .
Tezcatlipoca was a central deity in Aztec religion , one of the four sons of Ometeotl , he is associated with a wide range of concepts including the night sky , the night winds , hurricanes , the north , the earth , obsidian , enmity , discord , rulership , divination , temptation , jaguars , sorcery , beauty , war and strife .
When depicted he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
The four Tezcatlipocas were the sons of Ometecuhtli and Omecihuatl , lady and lord of the duality , and were the creators of all the other gods , as well as the world and all humanity .
Tezcatlipoca was often described as a rival of another important god of the Aztecs , the culture hero , Quetzalcoatl .
In later myths , the four gods who created the world , Tezcatlipoca , Quetzalcoatl , Huitzilopochtli and Xipe Totec were referred to respectively as the Black , the White , the Blue and the Red Tezcatlipoca .
He had many epithets which alluded to different aspects of his deity : Titlacauan -LRB- `` We are his Slaves '' -RRB- , Ipalnemoani -LRB- `` He by whom we live '' -RRB- , Necoc Yaotl -LRB- `` Enemy of Both Sides '' -RRB- , Tloque Nahuaque -LRB- `` Lord of the Near and the Nigh '' -RRB- and Yohualli Ã ecatl -LRB- `` Night , Wind '' -RRB- , Ome acatl -LRB- `` Two Reed '' -RRB- , Ilhuicahua Tlalticpaque -LRB- `` Possessor of the Sky and Earth '' -RRB- .
Similarities exist with the patron deity of the K ` iche ' Maya as described in the Popol Vuh .
A central figure of the Popol Vuh was the god Tohil whose name means `` obsidian '' and who was associated with sacrifice .
The Tezcatlipoca figure goes back to earlier Mesoamerican deities worshipped by the Olmec and Maya .
His name in the Nahuatl language is often translated as `` Smoking Mirror '' and alludes to his connection to obsidian , the material from which mirrors were made in Mesoamerica and which was used for shamanic rituals .
Quetzalcoatl became the ruler of the subsequent creation `` Sun of Water '' , and Tezcatlipoca destroyed the third creation `` The Sun of Wind '' by striking down Quetzalcoatl .
Tezcatlipoca 's nagual , his animal counterpart , was the jaguar and his jaguar aspect was the deity Tepeyollotl -LRB- `` Mountainheart '' -RRB- .
In one version of the Aztec creation account the myth of the Five Suns , the first creation , `` The Sun of the Earth '' was ruled by Tezcatlipoca but destroyed by Quetzalcoatl when he struck down Tezcatlipoca who then transformed into a jaguar .
Also the Classic Maya god of rulership and thunder known to modern Mayanists as `` God K '' , or the `` Manikin Scepter '' and to the classic Maya as K ` awil was depicted with a smoking obsidian knife in his forehead and one leg replaced with a snake .
The accounts of Plutarch and Diogenes LaÃ `` rtius recount that they exchanged only a few words : while Diogenes was relaxing in the sunlight in the morning , Alexander , thrilled to meet the famous philosopher , asked if there was any favor he might do for him .
Touques is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Symphony X are an American power metal band from Middletown , New Jersey .
Founded in 1994 by guitarist Michael Romeo , their albums The Divine Wings of Tragedy and V : The New Mythology Suite have given the band considerable attention within the progressive metal community .
After the festival , the band described the concert as `` the best gig of our lives '' .
After Gothic Plague came Fixed Penalty , and after that , Rocket Baby Dolls .
However , drummer Dominic Howard 's father , William Howard , who was at the festival to watch the band , died from a heart attack very shortly after the performance .
In July 2005 , Muse participated in the Live 8 concert in Paris .
The band also played at the Glastonbury Festival in June 2004 .
In 1994 the band used the name Rocket Baby Dolls with a goth\/glam image to compete in a local battle of the bands .
La Rocque is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
An International Standard Serial Number -LRB- ISSN -RRB- is a unique eight-digit number used to identify a print or electronic periodical publication .
The ISO subcommittee TC 46\/SC 9 is responsible for the standard .
The ISSN system was first drafted as an ISO international standard in 1971 and published as ISO 3297 in 1975 .
Year 1791 -LRB- MDCCXCI -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar .
Advisories are also issued for tropical cyclones which have moved inland , weakened to tropical depression strength , and are no longer the responsibility of the National Hurricane Center .
The HPC issues storm summaries on storm systems bringing significant rainfall and snowfall to portions of the United States .
The NCEP centers to reside in the facility are the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center -LRB- HPC -RRB- , the Climate Prediction Center -LRB- CPC -RRB- , the Ocean Prediction Center -LRB- OPC -RRB- , the Environmental Modeling Center -LRB- EMC -RRB- , and NCEP Central Operations -LRB- NCO -RRB- .
The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center -LRB- HPC -RRB- is one of nine service centers under the umbrella of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction -LRB- NCEP -RRB- , a part of the National Weather Service , which in turn is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -LRB- NOAA -RRB- of the U.S. government .
The HPC serves as a center of excellence in quantitative precipitation forecasting , medium range forecasting -LRB- three to eight days -RRB- and the interpretation of numerical weather prediction models .
The HPC also acts as the backup office to the National Hurricane Center in the event of a complete communications failure .
The more she shrieked and struggled the more firmly the mechanical throne gripped her ; the chair was a cleverly designed trap .
On the third day he beat the cooled metal into shapes : bracelets , chains , swords and shields .
Juno was delighted with this gift but , as soon as she sat in it her weight triggered hidden springs and metal bands sprung forth to hold her fast .
It was the view of the Etruscan haruspices that a temple of Vulcan should be located outside the city , and the Vulcanal may originally have been on or outside the city limits before they expanded to include the Capitoline Hill .
At the same time a red bull-calf and red boar were added to the sacrifices made on the Vulcanalia , at least in that region of the city .
It was said that whenever Venus is unfaithful , Vulcan grows angry and beats the red-hot metal with such a force that sparks and smoke rise up from the top of the mountain , to create a volcanic eruption .
His smithy was believed to be situated underneath Mount Etna in Sicily .
He later built a smithy under Mount Etna on the island of Sicily .
A fragment of a Greek pot showing Hephaestus found at the Volcanal has been dated to the 6th century BC , suggesting that the two gods were already associated at this date .
Juno was furious and demanded that Vulcan return home , a demand that he refused .
Late in his childhood , he found the remains of a fisherman 's fire on the beach and became fascinated with an unextinguished coal , still red-hot and glowing .
In response to the same fire , Domitian -LRB- emperor 81 -- 96 -RRB- established a new altar to Vulcan on the Quirinal Hill .
Vulcan 's oldest shrine in Rome , called the Vulcanal , was situated at the foot of the Capitoline in the Forum Romanum , and was reputed to date to the archaic period of the kings of Rome , and to have been established on the site by Titus Tatius , the Sabine co-king , with a traditional date in the 8th century BC .
Vulcan had a happy childhood with dolphins as his playmates and pearls as his toys .
Later , Thetis left her underwater grotto to attend a dinner party on Mount Olympus wearing a beautiful necklace of silver and sapphires , which Vulcan had made for her .
He even made slave-girls of gold to wait on him and do his bidding .
He also made the thrones for the other gods on Mount Olympus .
Through his identification with the Hephaestus of Greek mythology , he came to be considered as the manufacturer of art , arms , iron , jewellery and armor for various gods and heroes , including the thunderbolts of Jupiter .
Vulcan 's contribution to the beautiful and foolish Pandora was to mould her from clay and to give her form .
Vulcan carefully shut this precious coal in a clamshell and took it back to his underwater grotto and made a fire with it .
He was the son of Jupiter and Juno , and husband of Maia and Venus .
However , Vulcan had a stronger association than Hephaestus with fire 's destructive capacity , and a major concern of his worshippers was to encourage the god to avert harmful fires .
The Romans identified Vulcan with the Greek smith-god Hephaestus , and he became associated like his Greek counterpart with the constructive use of fire in metalworking .
To punish mankind for stealing the secrets of fire , Jupiter ordered the other gods to make a poisoned gift for man .
Vulcan also had a temple on the Campus Martius , which was in existence by 214 BC .
However he did send Juno a beautifully constructed chair made of silver and gold , inlaid with mother-of-pearl .
Vulcan made pearl-handled knives and spoons for his foster mother , he made a silver chariot for himself , and bridles so that seahorses could transport him quickly .
On the first day after , Vulcan stared at this fire for hours on end .
For three days Juno sat fuming , still trapped in Vulcan 's chair , she could n't sleep , she could n't stretch , she could n't eat .
Juno admired the necklace and asked as to where she could get one .
Vulcan agreed and married Venus .
On the second day , he discovered that when he made the fire hotter with bellows , certain stones sweated iron , silver or gold .
The Volcanalia sacrifice was offered here to Vulcan , on August 23 .
It was Jupiter who finally saved the day , he promised that if Vulcan released Juno he would give him a wife , Venus the goddess of love and beauty .
Thetis became flustered causing Juno to become suspicious and , at last , the queen god discovered the truth : the baby she had once rejected had grown into a talented blacksmith .
According to Virgil , Vulcan was the father of Caeculus .
Vulcan was among the gods placated after the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64 .
Napoleon Dynamite is a 2004 American comedy film co-written and directed by Jared Hess and Jerusha Hess and stars Jon Heder as Napoleon Dynamite .
Other major annual basset hound events , including the Buffalo Basset Bash , the New Orleans Basset Boogie , the Washington -LRB- state -RRB- Basset Rescue 's Basset Blast in Spokane , the Woodinville , Washington Annual Basset Bash and parade and the Michigan Basset Waddle , share many similarities with North American community or food festivals and even `` crown '' king and queen bassets in a manner reminiscent of other civic festival crownings of event `` royalty '' . Other traditions and competitions , such as deciding which basset has the best waddle , longest ears , best bay , or can keep a towel on its head the longest , are generally unique to basset hound picnics and waddles .
Rustrel is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
The 1997 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1997 , and lasted until November 30 , 1997 .
No names were retired , so it was used again in the 2003 season .
The World Meteorological Organization retired no names used in the 1997 season .
Shortly thereafter , it was merged by the cold front , although the remnants persisted until July 23 when they were near the Azores .
A frontal low pressure system off the coast of South Carolina developed into Tropical Depression One on June 30 .
Erika developed from a tropical wave on September 3 .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1997 .
Hurricane Danny caused four direct deaths , and $ 100 million in estimated damages .
Its associated thunderstorm activity was sporadic and relatively disorganized , and the storm weakened to a tropical depression on July 16 . Claudette briefly re-intensified into a tropical storm before becoming extratropical later that day .
Fabian formed north of Puerto Rico on October 5 .
It moved northeast and became extratropical on October 8 . No damage is directly associated with Fabian .
Heavy rains over the Lesser Antilles could have caused some minor damage .
Between Westhampnett church and Maudlin is the Rolls-Royce Motor Cars assembly plant , producing and testing the finished cars .
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
In geometry , a cross-section is the intersection of a figure in 2-dimensional space with a line , or of a body in 3-dimensional space with a plane , etc. .
The IÃ Ã or Putumayo River is one of the tributaries of the Amazon River , west of and parallel to the Yapura .
It forms part of Colombia 's border with Ecuador , as well as most of the frontier with Peru .
Several anti-corporate and not-for-profit forms of alternative protest have surfaced in the punk underground , such as self-made publications known as zines , where there is greater freedom to discuss controversial -LRB- usually far left -RRB- political issues such as discrimination , LGBT community issues , feminism , antitheism , and veganism .
Mainstream films can best be defined as commercial films that have a wide release and play in first run theaters -LRB- A movie theater that runs primarily mainstream film fare from the major film companies and distributors , during the initial release period of each film -RRB- .
In the 1960s this music was exemplified by the music of the hippie counterculture .
The punk subculture generally frowns upon major label bands that play punk music that disavows the DIY punk ethic , and views them as synonymous with mainstream music .
Hollywood movies are usually considered mainstream and blockbusters are also mainstream films .
Punk has lent this stringent DIY ethic to the indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground .
Opposing mainstream music is the music of subcultures .
And though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived homogeneity of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights .
This exists in virtually all genres of music and is found commonly in punk rock , indie rock , alternative\/underground hip hop , anti-folk and heavy metal , among others .
Mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or pop rock ; Mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical .
Punk rock has distinguished itself from other non-mainstream genres by self-asserting an active anti-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control .
The boundary is vague .
This modern faction is dominantly voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures , in attempt to combat what is seen by those groups as a general devaluation of , and profitization from , life .
Being sold at popular stores , or more typically , at general stores can also be an indicator .
In the USA -LRB- and sometimes in Britain -RRB- the season is regarded as beginning at the solstice and ending on the following equinox â '' in the Northern Hemisphere , depending on the year , this corresponds to the period between 21 or 22 December and 20 or 21 March .
Naini Lake is deep , but , according to experts , the level of oxygen in the hypolimnic layer -LRB- the bottom , colder , stagnant , and constant temperature layer -RRB- is much lower than is required to sustain fish -- and this is mostly due to pollution , which includes illegal dumping of garbage .
Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas .
Bellignat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
She later attended the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts before she entered the theater program at Juilliard .
Morena Baccarin -LRB- born June 2 , 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian actress better known for her roles as Inara Serra in the sci-fi television series Firefly , Adria in Stargate SG-1 , and as Anna in V.
Mahamadou Diarra -LRB- born 18 May 1981 in Bamako -RRB- is a Malian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for AS Monaco and is captain of the Mali national team .
Ä ajev is small village near Humpolec in the PelhÅ imov District , VysoÄ ina Region of the Czech Republic .
473 people live there and it has 7,98 kmÂ .
Renansart is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Truttemer-le-Grand is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph -LRB- 225 km\/h -RRB- , 6300 H electric locomotives ordered as a component of the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification program of the late 1980s .
The Class 91s were given the auxiliary name of InterCity 225 to indicate their envisaged top speed of 225 km\/h -LRB- 140 mph -RRB- .
The other end of the InterCity 225 train set is formed of a Driving Van Trailer , built with a similar body shell to the Class 91 locomotives .
This addition to the mass was made by Martin Luther in his Deutsche Messe and remains traditional in Lutheran Churches .
Such benedictions have been regularly practiced both in the Christian East and West . At the time of the Reformation , Protestants abandoned many of the benedictions of the Roman Catholic Church , including the Apostolic Benediction made by the Pope and his delegates , the `` last blessing '' of the dying , and virtually all benedictions of inanimate objects .
A common form of benediction in Roman Catholic and liturgical Protestant churches is for the worship leader to raise his hands and recite the words of the biblical Priestly Blessing .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride is prepared by the reaction of mercury -LRB- I -RRB- carbonate with hydrofluoric acid .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride or mercurous fluoride is the chemical compound composed of mercury and fluorine with the formula Hg2F2 .
In many Christian traditions , regular public worship is complemented by other forms of worship , such as individual meditation , prayer and study , small group prayer -LRB- often linked with Bible study -RRB- , and formal ceremonies on special occasions , including weddings , funerals , baptisms and events of Church or state .
Throughout most of Christianity 's history , corporate Christian worship has been primarily liturgical , characterized by prayers and hymns , with texts rooted in , or closely related to , the Scripture , particularly the Psalter ; this form of sacramental and ceremonial worship is still practiced by the Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox , and Anglican churches , as well as some Protestant denominations such as Lutheranism and Methodism .
Set times for prayer during the day were established -LRB- based substantially on Jewish models -RRB- , and a festal cycle throughout the Church year governed the celebration of feasts and holy days pertaining to the events in the life of Jesus , the lives of the saints , and aspects of the Church 's perception of God .
According to this view , alterations in the patterns and content of worship would necessarily reflect a change in the faith itself .
A great deal of emphasis was placed on the forms of worship , as they were seen in terms of the Latin phrase lex orandi , lex credendi -LRB- `` the rule of prayer is the rule of belief '' -RRB- -- that is , the specifics of one 's worship express , teach , and govern the doctrinal beliefs of the community .
Orthodoxy in faith also meant orthodoxy in worship , and vice versa .
Each time a heresy arose in the Church , it was typically accompanied by a shift in worship for the heretical group .
For some considerations it is useful to specify the volume-specific heat capacity , commonly called volumetric heat capacity , which is the heat capacity per unit volume and has SI units .
Derived quantities that specify heat capacity as an intensive property , independent of the size of a sample , are the molar heat capacity , which is the heat capacity per mole of a pure substance , and the specific heat capacity , often called simply specific heat , which is the heat capacity per unit mass of a material .
Empoli Football Club is an Italian association football club located in Empoli , Tuscany , founded in 1920 and played its first official match in 1921 .
Plaza Monumental RomÃ n Eduardo Sandia also known as the Plaza de Toros de MÃ rida is a plaza de toros first class located in the city of MÃ rida , Venezuela being one of the main infrastructure for cultural and artistic events to large scale of the city after the Estadio OlÃ mpico Metropolitano and the fence locations for the bullfights in the frame of the Feria Internacional del Sol .
But he has also received several Venezuelan and international artists and singers like Juanes , ManÃ , Desorden PÃ blico , Caramelos de Cianuro , Franco De Vita , Paulina Rubio , Chino y Nacho , Don Omar , Tito El Bambino , Molotov , Wisin & Yandel , Dalmata , Vos Veis , Los Hombres G , Aterciopelados , Jorge CeledÃ n , Jean Carlos Centeno , L'squadron , Tecupae , Luis Silva , Armando MartÃ nez , among others .
He has received prominent bullfighters like Julian LÃ pez `` El Juli '' , Francisco Rivera OrdÃ Ã ez , Juan JosÃ `` Morante de la Puebla '' , Miguel Ã ngel Perera , Enrique Ponce , Francisco Rivera `` PaquirrÃ '' , PÃ lomo LinÃ res , Javier Conde , Manuel BÃ nitez `` El CordobÃ s '' , JosÃ MarÃ a Manzanares , Antonio Barrera , Paquito Perlaza , Leonardo BÃ nitez , Luis Bolivar , David Fandila `` El Fandi '' , Mary Paz Vega , Morenito de Maracay , Nerio Ramirez `` El TovareÃ o '' , Rafael Orellana , CÃ sar Vanegas , CÃ sar Faraco , Eduardo Valenzuela , among others .
The Plaza was inaugurated in 1967 to serve as a forum to various events of Ferias del Sol , and has a capacity of 16,000 spectators .
Sean Taro Ono Lennon -LRB- , born October 9 , 1975 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , musician , guitarist and actor . He is the only son of John Lennon and Yoko Ono .
His best-selling title is Life After Life .
Raymond Moody -LRB- born June 30 , 1944 -RRB- is a psychologist and medical doctor .
He is most famous as an author of books about life after death and near-death experiences -LRB- NDE -RRB- , a term that he coined in 1975 .
The Illinois Senate is the upper chamber of the Illinois General Assembly , the legislative branch of the government of the state of Illinois in the United States .
In contrast , the Illinois House of Representatives is made up of 118 members with its entire membership elected to two-year terms .
House districts are formed by dividing each Senate district in half .
Under the Illinois Constitution of 1970 , senators are divided into three groups , each group having a two-year term at a different part of the decade between censuses , with the rest of the decade being taken up by two four-year terms .
Depending on the election year , roughly one-third , two-thirds , or all Senate seats may be contested .
The body was created by the first state constitution adopted in 1818 . The Illinois Senate is made up of 59 senators elected from individual legislative districts determined by population .
Renowned artist Tone -LRB- ä '' ç è '' -RRB- formed this band after releasing his first debut album titled '' æ ` ç 6:57 am '' -LRB- My 6:57 AM -RRB- , and recruited two other members to form Cool Silly : Rapper\/actor Leeway -LRB- è -- å å ï 1\/4 and singer\/composer Ray Liu -LRB- å è '' ' è `` -RRB- .
Cool Silly is a Taiwanese-American mainstream pop duo consisting of producer\/singer Tone -LRB- ä '' ç è '' -RRB- and rapper\/actor Leeway -LRB- è -- å å -RRB- .
Since their debut , they have often been compared with the Popular Taiwanese rock group F.I.R. because of the similar formation of band members and attractive performance personalities .
The song attracted many fans , which led to Cool Silly 's debut in 2010 with the release of their first digital album , Cool Silly : The Prelude .
The name Cool Silly comes from the band 's ideology that `` a person ca n't be cool unless they 're silly as well '' .
The band insists that the personality of their music is not only `` cool , '' but at the same time `` silly . ''
The first production Model T was produced on August 12 , 1908 and left the factory on September 27 , 1908 , at the Piquette Plant in Detroit , Michigan . On May 26 , 1927 , Henry Ford watched the 15 millionth Model T Ford roll off the assembly line at his factory in Highland Park , Michigan .
The floor lever also controlled the parking brake , which was activated by pulling the lever all the way back .
If the lever was pushed forward and the driver took his foot off the left pedal , the Model T entered high gear , but only when the handbrake lever was fully forward .
Although he started with the Model A , there were not 19 production models -LRB- A through T -RRB- ; some were only prototypes . The production model immediately before the Model T was the Model S , an upgraded version of the company 's largest success to that point , the Model N. The follow-up was the Ford Model A and not the Model U. Company publicity said this was because the new car was such a departure from the old that Henry wanted to start all over again with the letter A. As it happens , the first Plymouth car -LRB- 1928 -RRB- , built by competitor Chrysler Corporation , was named Model U.
Dance Flick is a 2009 American comedy directed by Damien Dante Wayans , written by his uncles , the Wayans Brothers , and starring Damon Wayans , Jr. , and Shoshana Bush . The film is a spoof of the popular dance film genre .
Edward Kennedy `` Duke '' Ellington -LRB- April 29 , 1899 -- May 24 , 1974 -RRB- was an American composer , pianist , and big band leader .
Daisy Kennedy , was born in Washington , D.C. on January 4 , 1879 , and was the daughter of a former American slave .
Ellington went to Armstrong Technical High School in Washington , D.C. . He got his first job selling peanuts at Washington Senators baseball games .
Ellington led his band from 1923 until his death in 1974 .
At that point , the original band dissolved . Paul Ellington , Mercer 's youngest son and executor of the Duke Ellington estate , kept the Duke Ellington Orchestra going from Mercer 's death onwards .
His son Mercer Ellington , who had already been handling all administrative aspects of his father 's business for several decades , led the band until his own death in 1996 .
Ellington created `` Soda Fountain Rag '' by ear , because he had not yet learned to read and write music .
Though Ellington took piano lessons , he was more interested in baseball .
They lived with his maternal grandparents at 2129 Ida Place -LRB- now Ward Place -RRB- , NW in the West End neighborhood of Washington , D.C. His father , James Edward Ellington was born in Lincolnton , North Carolina on April 15 , 1879 and moved to Washington , D.C. in 1886 with his parents .
Ellington called his music `` American Music '' rather than jazz , and liked to describe those who impressed him as `` beyond category '' .
Ellington 's grandson Paul Ellington is a musician and maintains a small salaried band known as the Duke Ellington Legacy , which frequently comprises the core of the big band operated by The Duke Ellington Center for the Arts .
Edward Kennedy Ellington was born on April 29 , 1899 to James Edward Ellington and Daisy Kennedy Ellington .
The band included Otto Hardwick , who switched from bass to saxophone ; Arthur Whetsol on trumpet ; Elmer Snowden on banjo ; and Sonny Greer on drums .
Ellington played throughout the Washington , D.C. area and into Virginia for private society balls and embassy parties .
These included many of the musicians who were members of his orchestra , some of whom are considered among the best in jazz in their own right , but it was Ellington who melded them into one of the most well-known jazz orchestral units in the history of jazz .
He also worked as a butler for Dr. Middleton F. Cuthbert , a prominent white physician , and occasionally worked as a White House caterer .
He wrote on algebra , logic , foundations of mathematics , philosophy of science , physics , metaphysics , and education .
He co-authored the epochal Principia Mathematica with Russell .
Alfred North Whitehead , OM -LRB- 15 February 1861 â `` 30 December 1947 -RRB- was an English mathematician who became a philosopher .
Among his brothers , Kampana governed Nellur region , Muddppa administered Mulabagalu region , Marappa oversaw Chandragutti and Bukka Raya was his second in command .
His initial military exploits established his control over the valley of Tungabhadra River , and gradually he expanded his control to certain regions of Konkan and Malabar Coast .
An inscription dated 1346 regarding a grant to the Sringeri matha indicates Harihara I as the ruler of â whole country between the eastern and the western seas , and the inscription describes Vidya Nagara -LRB- that is , the city of learning -RRB- as his capital .
He was Bhavana Sangamaâ s eldest son , belonged to the yadav clan and was founder of the Sangama dynasty , the first among the four dynasties that ruled Vijayanagara .
Harihara I was succeeded by Bukka I who emerged as the most distinguished amongst the five rulers -LRB- Panchasangamas -RRB- of the Sangama dynasty .
Immediately after coming to power , he built a fort at Barkuru , on the west coast of present day Karnataka .
Kannada inscriptions of his time call him Karnataka Vidya Vilas -LRB- master of great knowledge and skills -RRB- , Bhashegetappuvarayaraganda -LRB- punisher of those feudatories who do n't keep their promise -RRB- , Arirayavibhada -LRB- fire to enemy kings -RRB- .
Harihara I , -LRB- 1336-1356 CE -RRB- also called Hakka à à à à and Vira Harihara I , was the founder of the Vijayanagara empire .
His first poems were printed in 1907 in the school 's almanac .
As a day job , he translated literature into Russian -LRB- 19 books in 6 years -RRB- , then worked as a correspondent for the newspaper .
For several years after that , he almost completely abandoned poetry , concentrating on essays , literary criticism , memoirs -LRB- The Noise Of Time , Russian : Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð , Shum vremeni ; Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ñ , Feodosiya - both 1925 ; Noise of Time -LRB- 1993 in English -RRB- and small-format prose -LRB- The Egyptian Stamp , Russian : Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð , Yegipetskaya marka - 1928 -RRB- .
In 1900 , Mandelstam entered the prestigious Tenishevsky School . The writer Vladimir Nabokov and other significant figures of Russian and Soviet culture have been among its alumni .
Mandelstam 's non-conformist , anti-establishment tendencies were not heavily disguised .
Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð , Tsekh Poetov -RRB- , under the formal leadership of Nikolai Gumilyov and Sergei Gorodetsky .
In 1913 he published his first collection of poems , The Stone -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ñ , Kamyen -RRB- ; it was reissued in 1916 under the same title , but with additional poems included .
Mandelstam was born in Warsaw -LRB- then part of the Russian Empire -RRB- to a wealthy Polish Jewish family .
In 1911 , to continue his education at the University of Saint Petersburg , from which Jews were excluded , he converted to Methodism -LRB- which he did not practice -RRB- and entered the university the same year .
At this time , his second book of poems , Tristia , was published in Berlin .
In 1922 , Mandelstam and Nadezhda moved to Moscow .
In April 1908 , Mandelstam decided to enter the Sorbonne in Paris to study literature and philosophy , but he left the following year to attend the University of Heidelberg in Germany .
Mandelstam 's poetry , acutely populist in spirit after the first Russian revolution in 1905 , became closely associated with symbolist imagery . In 1911 , he and several other young Russian poets formed the `` Poets ' Guild '' -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ñ
Unsportsmanlike conduct -LRB- or unsporting behavior , or ungentlemanly conduct -RRB- is a term used in many professional sports to refer to a particular player or team who has acted inappropriately and\/or unprofessionally in the context of the game .
The official rules of many sports include a catch-all provision whereby a competitor may be penalized or otherwise cited for unsportsmanlike conduct .
Some untrained dogs may help their owners , although there are also reports of dogs that have reacted aggressively or even died as a result of witnessing or anticipating their owner 's seizure .
This behavior is usually reported to have arisen spontaneously and developed over a period of time .
There have been some studies where dogs were trained to alert impending seizures by using reward-based conditioning â `` with partial success .
Nynorsk or New Norwegian is one of two official written standards for the Norwegian language , the other being BokmÃ l. The standard language was created by Ivar Aasen during the mid-19th century , to provide a Norwegian alternative to the Danish language which was commonly written in Norway at the time .
Fouquereuil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The movement of a pure solvent to equalize solute concentrations on each side of a membrane generates a pressure and this is the `` osmotic pressure . '' Applying an external pressure to reverse the natural flow of pure solvent , thus , is reverse osmosis .
After moving across the tropical Atlantic Ocean it strengthened as Tropical Depression Five on September 10 while about 1240 miles -LRB- 2000 km -RRB- east of Puerto Rico .
The strongest storm of the season began as a tropical wave off Africa on September 4 .
On September 1 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa and headed westward .
The system organized into a tropical depression on November 18 and quickly strengthened into a tropical storm .
Danielle peaked as a 60 m storm on the 8th , while Reconnaissance Aircraft reported gusts of up to hurricane force .
No names were retired , so it was used again in the 1992 season . This is the same list used for the 1980 season except for Andrew , which replaced Allen .
The storm curved northeast and strengthened further , reaching hurricane strength on November 20 .
After passing through the Lesser Antilles , Danielle encountered vertical wind shear , and on the 10th it dissipated in the central Caribbean Sea .
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1986 .
The 1986 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1986 , and lasted until November 30 , 1986 .
Names that were not assigned are marked in .
Earl then turned north and became extratropical southeast of Newfoundland on September 19 .
The disturbance was below the 10 degree latitude as it organized into a tropical depression on September 7 and then a tropical storm later that day .
The depression quickly strengthened and reached hurricane strength on September 11 , peaked as a Category 2 hurricane on September 12 as it made a half circle , weakened to a Category 1 on September 16 and bounced back the way it came .
Frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on November 21 .
At its peak , Earl had sustained winds of 105 mph -LRB- 170 km\/h -RRB- and a minimum central pressure of 979 mbar .
Treize-Septiers is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
L' Ã pine is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Year 2 -LRB- II -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday or Monday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar -LRB- the sources differ , see leap year error for further information -RRB- and a common year starting on Sunday of the Proleptic Julian calendar .
Each month , Vogue publishes a magazine addressing topics of fashion , life and design .
Vogue is a fashion and lifestyle magazine that is published in 18 national and one regional edition by CondÃ Nast Publications .
Asikkala is a municipality of Finland .
Its seat is in VÃ Ã ksy .
Deewane Tere Pyaar Key -LRB- Urdu : Ø Û Ù Ø Ù Û ' Ø Û Ø Û ' Ù 3\/4 Û Ø Ø Ú Û ' , English title : Love Crazy -RRB- is an Urdu film which was released in March 1997 .
The title is also used by Shia Muslims to refer to their first Imam , Ali ibn Abi Talib .
Shi ` as view that Ali , the prophet of Islam 's son-in-law and the progenitor of Muhammad 's only continuing lineage , was given the title during Muhammad 's era .
It has also been adopted by various Caliphs of the succeeding Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties , as well as by some contemporary Arab monarchs .
It has been claimed as the title of rulers in Muslim countries and empires and is still used for some Muslim leaders .
AmÄ `` r al-Mu ` minÄ `` n -LRB- Arabic Ø # Ù
Ù Ù Ù ; latinized as Miramolinus , hence Italian Miramolino , Spanish MiramamolÃ n and Portuguese Miramolim -RRB- usually translated Commander of the Faithful or Leader of the Faithful , is the Arabic style of Caliphs and other independent sovereign Muslim rulers that claim legitimacy from a community of Muslims .
Cardonville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
He became identified with the phrase `` In a worldâ '' , which has been used in movie trailers so frequently that it has become a clichÃ .
Donald Leroy `` Don '' LaFontaine -LRB- August 26 , 1940 â `` September 1 , 2008 -RRB- was an American voiceover artist famous for recording more than 5,000 film trailers and hundreds of thousands of television advertisements , network promotions , and video game trailers .
The earliest reference to the site was in the Domesday Book survey of 1086 , wherein the `` minster '' of Southwark seems to be under the control of Bishop Odo of Bayeux -LRB- William the Conqueror 's half-brother -RRB- .
It has been a place of Christian worship for over 1,000 years , but a cathedral only since 1905 .
In 1106 , Henry I 's reign , the latter became an Augustinian Priory : Norman stonework can still be seen , and Thomas Becket preached here before departing to Canterbury , days before his murder in 1170 .
Southwark Cathedral or The Cathedral and Collegiate Church of St Saviour and St Mary Overie , Southwark , London , lies on the south bank of the River Thames close to London Bridge .
The Cathedral Choir is supported financially by the St Olave 's & St Saviour 's Schools Foundation , which stems from the two parochial schools set up in the 1560s which still hold their commemoration and annual services here as their ` foundation ' church .
The Old English minster was a collegiate church servicing a south Thames area .
The main railway line from London Bridge station to Cannon Street station passes close to the cathedral , blocking the view from the south side .
The present building is mainly Gothic , from 1220 to 1420 .
Borough Market and the Hall of the Worshipful Company of Glaziers and Painters of Glass by the river are in the immediate vicinity .
It is the mother church of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark .
With a surface area of 68800 k , Lake Victoria is Africaâ s largest lake by area , and it is the largest tropical lake in the world . Lake Victoria is the world 's second largest freshwater lake by surface area -LRB- Only Lake Superior in North America is larger . -RRB-
Lake Victoria or Victoria Nyanza -LRB- also known as Ukerewe , The Eye of the Rhino , Nalubaale , Sango , or Lolwe -RRB- is one of the African Great Lakes .
Filippo `` Pippo '' Inzaghi , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI -LRB- born 9 August 1973 in Piacenza -RRB- is an Italian World Cup and UEFA Champions League-winning footballer who plays for Serie A club Milan .
Friedrich Rittelmeyer -LRB- 5 October 1872 , Dillingen an der Donau - 23 March 1938 in Hamburg -RRB- was a Protestant German minister , theologian and co-founder and driving force of The Christian Community .
The flag of the PSNI is the badge in the center of a dark green field .
Both water and air arrive together in the camera aeolis -LRB- wind chamber -RRB- .
Here , water and air separate and the compressed air is driven into a wind-trunk on top of the camera aeolis , to blow the organ pipes .
It then drives a water wheel , which in turn drives the musical cylinder and the movements attached .
See more about the Hydraulis and its further development in pipe organ .
The water organ or hydraulic organ -LRB- early types are sometimes called hydraulis , hydraulos , hydraulus or hydraula -RRB- is a type of pipe organ blown by air , where the power source pushing the air is derived by water from a natural source -LRB- e.g. by a waterfall -RRB- or by a manual pump . Consequently , the water organ lacks a bellows , blower , or compressor .
Two perforated â splash platesâ or â diaphragmsâ prevent water spray from getting into the organ pipes .
It is attributed to the Hellenistic scientist Ctesibius of Alexandria , an engineer of the 3rd century BC .
The hydraulis was the world 's first keyboard instrument and was , in fact , the predecessor of the modern church organ .
To start the organ , the tap above the entry pipe is turned on and , given a continuous flow of water , the organ plays until the tap is closed again .
The water , having been separated from the air , leaves the camera aeolis at the same rate as it enters .
JosÃ David Alfaro Siqueiros -LRB- December 29 , 1896 in Camargo , Chihuahua , Mexico - January 6 , 1974 in Cuernavaca , Morelos , Mexico -RRB- was a social realist painter , known for his large murals in fresco that helped establish the Mexican Mural Renaissance , together with works by Diego Rivera and JosÃ Clemente Orozco , and also a Stalinist who participated in an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate Leon Trotsky in May 1940 . Siqueiros was born the second of three children in Chihuahua , Mexico , in 1896 .
Longraye is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
The volcano culminates at 1,060 metres , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .
Majesco has also released two other Nancy Drew games for the DS , entitled Nancy Drew : The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society -LRB- released July 2008 -RRB- and Nancy Drew : The Hidden Staircase , based on the second book in the original Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series -LRB- released September 2008 -RRB- .
Computer games publisher Her Interactive began publishing Nancy Drew computer games in 1998 .
Both the Stratemeyer Syndicate and the books ' publishers have exercised control over the way Nancy is depicted .
The games are targeted at `` ages 10 and up '' and are rated `` E '' -LRB- `` Everyone '' -RRB- by the ESRB .
The character of Nancy Drew seems to be more popular in some countries than others .
The album was first released on 2 March 2011 through RCA Records -LRB- Sony Music -RRB- .
Goodbye Lullaby is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne .
The lead single of the album , `` What the Hell '' , was released on 11 January 2011 and reached the Top 20 in USA , The Top 10 in Europe and Australia and the Top 5 in Asia .
The techniques used for navigation in the air will depend on whether the aircraft is flying under the visual flight rules -LRB- VFR -RRB- or the instrument flight rules -LRB- IFR -RRB- .
He directed the first five of his seven feature films in the Soviet Union ; his last two films were produced in Italy and Sweden , respectively .
They are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and distinctively authored use of cinematography .
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky -LRB- April 4 , 1932 â `` December 29 , 1986 -RRB- was a Soviet and Russian filmmaker , writer , film editor , film theorist and opera director , widely regarded as one of the finest filmmakers of the 20th century .
The term is used mainly in igneous petrology .
In biochemistry , a trace element is also referred to as a micronutrient ; see List of micronutrients .
In biochemistry , a trace element is a chemical element that is needed in minute quantities for the proper growth , development , and physiology of the organism .
In geochemistry , a trace element is a chemical element whose concentration is less than 1000 ppm or 0.1 % of a rock 's composition .
In analytical chemistry , a trace element is an element in a sample that has an average concentration of less than 100 parts per million measured in atomic count , or less than 100 micrograms per gram .
The legal trademark on the term `` Muppet '' is currently held by The Muppets Holding Company -LRB- now The Muppets Studio , LLC , a division of The Walt Disney Company -RRB- ; although Sesame Workshop and The Jim Henson Company continue to use the term on their characters with certain permissions .
After earlier unsuccessful attempts , the Walt Disney Company bought the Muppets in 2004 .
The Muppeteer or Muppet master always holds the Muppet above his head or in front of his body , with one hand operating the head and mouth and the other manipulating the hands and arms , either with two separate control rods or by `` wearing '' the hands like gloves . One consequence of this design is that most Muppets are left-handed as the puppeteer uses his right hand to operate the head while operating the arm rod with his left hand .
Addendum : A succinct history of the controversy respecting the cerrebral structure of Man and the apes p113 â `` 118 -LRB- set in a smaller font -RRB- .
This chapter and its addendum contained most of the controversial material , and is still important today .
I. On the natural history of the man-like Apes p1 -- 56 .
Evidence as to Man 's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley , in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor .
Darwin 's sequel came eight years later , with The Descent of Man , and Selection in relation to Sex -LRB- 1871 -RRB- .
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution , but left a gnomic trailer : `` Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
In the 18th century Linnaeus and others had classified man as a primate , but without drawing evolutionary conclusions .
The book came five years after Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace announced their theory of evolution by means of natural selection , and four years after the publication of Darwin 's Origin of Species .
On some fossil remains of Man p119 â `` 159 .
Backed by this evidence , the book proposed to a wide readership that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life .
This contains a summary of what was known of the great apes at that time .
A neanderthal skull-cap and other bones had been found , and various remains of early Homo sapiens .
On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57 â `` 112 .
It was Lamarck , the first to develop a coherent theory of evolution , who discussed human evolution in this context .
Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .
It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution , and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence .
Igor Mikhailovich Diakonov was a Russian historian , linguist , and translator and a renowned expert in the Ancient Near East and its languages .
The houses are built from the local Ticino granite with slate roofs and have changed little for several hundred years , leading the Italian writer Piero Bianconi to describe Corippo as `` Verzasca 's gentlest village '' .
Despite this , it possesses the trappings of communities many times its size : an official website -LRB- www.corippo.ch -RRB- , its own coat of arms , a village church , a restaurant , and a mayor who leads a town council consisting of three local citizens .
The village has maintained its status as an independent entity since its incorporation in 1822 .
Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley some 12 kilometers -LRB- 7.4 miles -RRB- from Locarno at the north end of the artificial Lake Vogorno , and 20 km from the border with Italy .
Corippo is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
With a population of just 17 As of 2004 , it is the smallest municipality in Switzerland .
The Bahamas national football team is the national team of the Bahamas and is controlled by the Bahamas Football Association .
Its size can vary from system to system .
The ounce -LRB- abbreviated : oz , the old Italian word onza , now spelled oncia ; apothecary symbol : â -RRB- is a unit of mass with several definitions , the most commonly used of which are equal to approximately 28 grams . The ounce is used in a number of different systems , including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems .
The most commonly used ounces today are the international avoirdupois ounce and the international troy ounce .
Marfontaine is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Hymenoptera originated in the Triassic , the oldest fossils belonging to the family Xyelidae .
Social hymenopterans appeared during the Cretaceous .
Females typically have a special ovipositor for inserting eggs into hosts or otherwise inaccessible places .
The young develop through complete metamorphosis â '' that is , they have a worm-like larval stage and an inactive pupal stage before they mature -LRB- See holometabolism -RRB- .
The ovipositor is often modified into a stinger .
Its distinctive speckled colouration has given it a common name of Magpie Moth .
Abraxas grossulariata is a moth of the family Geometridae , native to Europe and North America .
The caterpillar is similarly colored to the adult , and may be found feeding on the leaves of shrubs such as gooseberry .
Prior to becoming a U.S. Senator , Kaufman had often been an adviser to Biden for much of his political career .
He was appointed to fill the term of former U.S. Senator Joe Biden , who resigned to become Vice President of the United States .
Bambi , a young roe deer , is the main character in Felix Salten 's Bambi , A Life in the Woods and in the Disney films based on the book .
Bambi has starred in two movies , Bambi and Bambi II , has had cameos in several Disney cartoons , and has been parodied on occasion by other animation companies .
According to the 2001 UK census , the Bridlington parish had a population of 33,837 .
The Philharmonic Society of Corfu is part of that tradition . Corfu city has a Mediterranean climate .
AmbarÃ s-et-Lagrave is a commune in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Edward Reginald Noble -LRB- June 23 , 1895 â `` January 19 , 1962 -RRB- of Collingwood , Ontario -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward and defenceman who played 17 professional seasons in the National Hockey Association -LRB- NHA -RRB- and National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the Toronto Blueshirts , Montreal Canadiens , Toronto St. Pats , Montreal Maroons , Detroit Cougars , Detroit Falcons and Detroit Red Wings .
He was a three-time winner of the Stanley Cup , with Toronto and Montreal and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962 .
He was also the last active NHL player from both the NHL 's inaugural season and the 1910s .
Rozoy-sur-Serre is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It is based on templates used for the United Kingdom Home Nations , such as Template : Bus companies in England .
Also , please do not add public transport companies if there is no correlating Wiki entry - and try to remember rules regarding whether a company is notable enough for entry into Wikipedia .
This template features details of major public transport companies based within Scotland .
American Falls is a city in and the county seat of Power County , Idaho , United States .
JosÃ MarÃ a de Pereda -LRB- February 6 , 1833 , Polanco , Cantabria -- March 1 , 1906 , Polanco -RRB- was one of the most distinguished of modern Spanish novelists .
Crescent City is a city in Putnam County , Florida , United States .
This energy aloft help to organize a surface low along the shear line early on August 2 , which slowly organized over the following day .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declared a statewide emergency .
In the Gulf of Mexico , Shell Oil evacuated about 40 workers from drilling operations .
The depression turned to the northwest , dropping heavy rains on central Texas on August 6 .
The tropical storm moved westward to the south of the central Gulf coast on August 4 .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 , the fifth named storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
Edouard weakened quickly over land and was downgraded to a tropical depression late on August 5 .
A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico .
It made landfall on August 5 on the upper Texas coast about 40 miles southwest of Port Arthur and moved west-northwest into the interior of Texas .
In preparations for the storm , emergency teams along the Louisiana and Texas coasts were activated .
Perry activated up to 1,200 National Guard troops , a 70 member rescue team , six helicopters and an incident management team that brings food and water to affected areas .
Texas Governor Rick Perry issued a disaster declaration for 17 Texas counties that could be in the path of Tropical Storm Edouard .
Under the order , about 200 buses are available in San Antonio and Houston to help in evacuations .
In Cameron Parish , Louisiana the Office of Emergency Preparedness ordered a mandatory evacuation , where Sheriff 's deputies also erected roadblocks .
Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that organized in the Gulf of Mexico .
George Drennen Fischer was an American activist and spokesman for the National Education Association .
Ilson Pereira Dias JÃ nior -LRB- born 12 October 1985 in SÃ # o Bernardo do Campo -RRB- , commonly known as Ilsinho , is a Brazilian right midfielder who currently plays for SÃ # o Paulo .
lsinho originally started his career as a right back , but during his time at Shakhtar Donetsk he was used as a winger , where he showed off his skill and speed .
Clube AtlÃ tico Paranaense is a Brazilian football team from Curitiba in ParanÃ , founded on March 26 , 1924 .
His other notable film scores include Moon , Smokin ' Aces , The Wrestler , and Black Swan .
Aksai Chin , also Aksayqin , Akesaiqin or Akesai Qin -LRB- Hindi : à
Aksai Chin is one of the two main border dispute areas between India and the People 's Republic of China , the other dispute being the one over Arunachal Pradesh , which is administered by India and claimed by China as South Tibet .
It is , however , claimed by India as a part of its state of Jammu and Kashmir .
The etymology of Aksai Chin is uncertain regarding the word `` Chin '' .
à à à à 3\/4 à à à à , Urdu : Ø Ú Ø Ø Ø Û Ú Ù , Simplified Chinese : é å
Faverolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The Tibetan Partridge -LRB- Perdix hodgsoniae -RRB- is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes .
Jungo Kono -LRB- born July 9 , 1982 in Shinjuku , Tokyo -RRB- is a former Japanese football player who recently played for Tokushima Vortis .
Stabio is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Hiroshi Sowa -LRB- æ è 1\/4 å -RRB- -LRB- born May 1 , 1956 in Hiroshima , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player and coach .
Fontenermont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Zambia , officially the Republic of Zambia , is a landlocked country in Southern Africa .
The neighbouring countries are the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Vaulx-Vraucourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
People from the state of Maine , United States of America .
EFE is a Spanish news agency created in 1939 by Spain 's former minister of the press and propaganda RamÃ n Serrano SÃ Ã er and Manuel Aznar Zubigaray .
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007 .
In 1967 he was admitted into the Royal College of Pathologists of Australia and became a senior pathologist at the Royal Perth Hospital where he spent the majority of his career .
An Australian documentary was made in 2006 about Warren and Marshall 's road to the Nobel Prize , called `` The Winner 's Guide to the Nobel Prize '' .
Winifred Warren went on to become an accomplished psychiatrist .
He married Winifred Theresa Warren and together they had five children , from oldest to youngest , John , David , Patrick , Andrew and Rebecca .
In 2005 , Warren and Marshall were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine .
He received his MBBS degree from the University of Adelaide , having completed his high school education at St Peter 's College , Adelaide .
Warren helped develop a convenient diagnostic test -LRB- 14C-urea breath-test -RRB- for detecting H. pylori in ulcer patients .
John Robin Warren AC -LRB- born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide -RRB- is an Australian pathologist , Nobel Laureate and researcher who is credited with the 1979 re-discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori , together with Barry Marshall .
At the University of Western Australia with his colleague Barry J. Marshall , Warren proved that the bacterium is the cause of stomach ulcers .
The team 's majority owner is Hollywood producer Joe Roth , and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer , Paul Allen and Drew Carey .
Former BBC announcer Arlo White calls the play-by-play for local broadcasts .
Along with several organized groups , a 53-member marching band called the Sound Wave supports the team at each home game .
Seattle Sounders FC , the league 's 15th team , began play in the 2009 season .
In their two seasons , Seattle has sold out every league match , set MLS records for average attendance , and led the league in season ticket sales .
Seattle Sounders FC is an American professional soccer club based in Seattle , Washington .
Seattle Sounders FC plays home games at Qwest Field in Seattle , also home to the Seattle Seahawks .
Washington Stecanela Cerqueira , or simply Washington -LRB- born April 1 , 1975 in BrasÃ lia -RRB- , is a retired Brazilian football striker .
Ixnay on the Hombre is the fourth studio album by the American punk band The Offspring .
Produced by Dave Jerden , the album was released on February 4 , 1997 through Columbia Records -LRB- their former label Epitaph released it in Europe -RRB- .
In each episode , four chefs compete . The show is divided into three rounds : Appetizer , EntrÃ e and Dessert .
The winner receives $ 10,000 .
Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
When Japan earned another race on the F1 schedule ten years later , it went to Suzuka instead .
Local drag races are common on the circuit .
The speedway brought the first Formula One race to Japan at the end of the 1976 season .
After the global recession and its own operational deficit , Toyota decided to discontinue the hosting of Japanese Grand Prix since 2010 .
It was built in the early 1960s and hosted the first Formula One race in Japan in 1976 .
In the 1980s , Fuji Speedway was used for the FIA World Sportscar Championship and national racing .
The circuit has always hosted the NISMO Festival for historic Nissan racers , since the takeover and refurbishment in 2003 , the event took place at TI Circuit .
The series has hosted its rounds since , with the exception of the 2004 closure , the circuit became the first to take place on an international level racetrack and the first of the three to take place on an F1 circuit .
At first , the circuit was planned to hold NASCAR-style races in Japan .
The long pit straight has also been utilised for drag racing .
Fuji Speedway is a race track standing in the foothills of Mount Fuji , in Oyama , SuntÅ District , Shizuoka Prefecture , Japan .
In 1966 , the track hosted a USAC Indy Car non-championship race , won by Jackie Stewart .
F1 did n't return to Fuji until 2007 .
The race had a dramatic World Championship battle between James Hunt and Niki Lauda , and in awful rainy conditions , Hunt earned enough points to win the title . Mario Andretti won the race , with Lauda withdrawing due to the dangerous conditions .
Fuji Speedway is known for having one of the longest straights in motorsport tracks , at 1.5 k in length .
But even with these changes the main feature of the track remained its approximately 1.5 k long straight , one of the longest in all of motorsports .
Following both poor ticket sales and even worse weather it was decided by FOM that the FIA Japanese Grand Prix would be shared between Fuji Speedway and Suzuka on alternate years with Suzuka holding the next race on Sunday , October 4 , 2009 .
Mitsubishi Estate Co. invested in the circuit and took the management right on October 1965 .
The Fuji circuit is well known to fans of the arcade racing game Pole Position , as cars raced on the circuit in the popular loop .
The track was reopened on April 10 , 2005 .
In 2003 the circuit was closed down to accommodate a major reprofiling of the track , using a new design from Hermann Tilke .
Fuji remained a popular sports car racing venue and FIA World Sportscar Championship visited the track between 1982 â `` 1988 and it was often used for national races .
The only time the circuit is run on a reverse direction is during the D1 Grand Prix round as Keiichi Tsuchiya felt the new layout meant reduced entry speed , making it less suitable for drifting .
Fuji Speedway Corporation was established in 1963 , as Japan NASCAR Corporation .
Close to the circuit is a drifting course , which was built as part of the refurbishment under the supervision of `` Drift King '' Keiichi Tsuchiya .
The circuit hosted its first Formula One championship event in 29 years on September 30 , 2007 .
There was less celebration after the second race in 1977 as Gilles Villeneuve was involved in a crash that killed two spectators on the side of the track , leading to Formula One leaving the speedway .
Therefore , the track was originally designed to be a 4 k high-banked superspeedway , but there was not enough money to complete the project and thus only one of the bankings was ever designed .
Originally managed by Mitsubishi , Fuji Speedway was acquired by Toyota Motor Corporation in 2000 .
NHRA exhibitions were run in 1989 , and in 1993 Shirley Muldowney ran a 5.30 on the quarter-mile strip at Fuji .
A new part of track was built to counteract the problem , and the resultant 4.359 k course proved more successful .
Toyota also hosts its own historic event a week before the NISMO festival called Toyota Motorsports Festival .
The Fuji circuit is featured prominently in the Japanese television drama Engine as the main setting for the racing scenes , as well as the home of the -LRB- fictional -RRB- `` Regulus Cup '' .
Thomas Kahlenberg -LRB- born March 20 , 1983 -RRB- is a Danish footballer , who plays as an attacking midfielder for German team Wolfsburg .
Herbert Henry Asquith , 1st Earl of Oxford and Asquith , KG , PC , KC -LRB- 12 September 1852 â `` 15 February 1928 -RRB- served as the Liberal Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1908 to 1916 .
His pet tarantula has not eaten since the family moved .
Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school a thousand miles from his old home .
Bobby keeps a journal where he records interesting facts about spiders and then uses it to record his frustrations and realizations about his new school .
He moved from Illinois to New Paltz , New York and his interest in spiders has earned him the nickname of Spider Boy from Illinois given to him by the class bully .
Spider Boy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 1997 .
Les Magnils-Reigniers is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Currency Exchange in Latvia - Latvian currency exchange market comparison .
WAW dependencies are also known as output dependencies .
In order to have a compact instruction encoding , most processor instruction sets have a small set of special locations which can be directly named .
Different instructions may take different amounts of time -LRB- e.g. , CISC architecture -RRB- .
Instead of delaying the write until all reads are completed , two copies of the location can be maintained , the old value and the new value .
Instructions 4 , 5 , and 6 are independent of instructions 1 , 2 , and 3 , but the processor can not finish 4 until 3 is done , because 3 would then write the wrong value .
When all reads needing the old value have been satisfied , it can be discarded .
While the general-purpose and floating-point registers are discussed the most , flag and status registers or even individual status bits are commonly renamed as well .
Programs are composed of instructions which operate on values .
Anything that is read and written can be renamed .
The false dependency is broken and additional opportunities for out-of-order execution are created .
A typical instruction might say , add X and Y and put the result in Z. In this instruction , X , Y , and Z are the names of storage locations .
Memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the extent practiced in register renaming .
This is the essential concept behind register renaming .
The instructions must name these values in order to distinguish them from one another .
For instance , a processor may be able to execute hundreds of instructions while a single load from main memory is in progress .
This is the sort of false dependency that can be resolved by renaming .
In computer architecture , register renaming refers to a technique used to avoid unnecessary serialization of program operations imposed by the reuse of registers by those operations .
Shorter instructions executed while the load is outstanding will finish first , thus the instructions are finishing out of the original program order .
Now instructions 4 , 5 , and 6 can be executed in parallel with instructions 1 , 2 , and 3 , so that the program can be executed faster .
WAR dependencies are also known as anti-dependencies .
In smaller processors , the names of these locations correspond directly to elements of a register file .
A read from a register or memory location must return the last prior value written to that location , and not one written programmatically after the read .
For example , the x86 instruction set architecture has 8 integer registers , x86-64 has 16 , many RISCs have 32 , and IA-64 has 128 .
; Write-after-write -LRB- WAW -RRB- : Successive writes to a particular register or memory location must leave that location containing the result of the second write .
Reads that precede , in program order , the write of the new value can be provided with the old value , even while other reads that follow the write are provided with the new value .
Out-of-order execution has been used in most recent high-performance CPUs to achieve some of their speed gains .
This can be resolved by squashing -LRB- synonyms : canceling , annulling , mooting -RRB- the first write if necessary .
This is referred to as a true dependency or flow dependency , and requires the instructions to execute in program order .
; Read-after-write -LRB- RAW -RRB- : A read from a register or memory location must return the value placed there by the last write in program order , not some other write .
Many high performance CPUs have more physical registers than may be named directly in the instruction set , so they rename registers in hardware to achieve additional parallelism .
The Immortality-test variation of the Turing test would determine if a person 's essential character is reproduced with enough fidelity to make it impossible to distinguish a reproduction of a person from the original person . The Total Turing test variation of the Turing test adds two further requirements to the traditional Turing test .
Gistel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Big Joe Turner -LRB- born Joseph Vernon Turner Jr. , May 18 , 1911 -- November 24 , 1985 -RRB- was an American blues shouter from Kansas City , Missouri .
Big Joe Turner was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
Abbotsford is the largest municipality by area in British Columbia .
The NHL 's Calgary Flames have relocated their AHL affiliate to Abbotsford .
Dr. Juliet Burke -LRB- nÃ e Carlson -RRB- is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Elizabeth Mitchell .
Her character was introduced in the third season premiere .
Originally founded as The Primettes in Detroit , Michigan , in 1959 , The Supremes ' repertoire included doo-wop , pop , soul , Broadway show tunes , psychedelic soul , and disco .
Rubens JosuÃ da Costa -LRB- 24 November 1928 -- 31 May 1991 -RRB- was a Brazilian football player .
Active anaphylaxis is what is naturally observed . Two weeks or so after an animal , including humans , is exposed to certain allergens , active anaphylaxis -LRB- which is simply called `` anaphylaxis '' -RRB- would be elicited upon exposure to the same allergens .
In the wild , kookaburras are known to eat the young of other birds and snakes , and insects and small reptiles and even other small birds , such as finches if they are lucky enough to catch them .
Flassan is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Aberdeen is called the `` Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula , '' but it is more famous as being the hometown of Nirvana members Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic .
Aberdeen is a city in Grays Harbor County , Washington , United States , founded by Samuel Benn in 1884 .
The year 2007 in science and technology involves many significant events .
Stewart Downing -LRB- born 22 July 1984 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays for Premier League club Aston Villa and the England national football team .
Chillicothe is located at .
The Dance Language vs. The Waggle Dance
In line with recent work in swarm intelligence research involving optimization algorithms inspired by the behavior of social insects and animals such as fish , birds , and ants , recently there has been research on using bee waggle dance behavior for efficient fault-tolerant routing .
From the abstract of Wedde , Farooq , and Zhang -LRB- 2004 -RRB- :
Flowers located directly in line with the sun are represented by waggle runs in an upward direction on the vertical combs , and any angle to the right or left of the sun is coded by a corresponding angle to the right or left of the upward direction .
Austrian ethologist and Nobel laureate Karl von Frisch was one of the first who translated the meaning of the waggle dance . On the right side is a video explaining the waggle dance in depth , as well as the experimentation that went into discovering the dance .
A worker bee 's waggle dance involves running through a small figure-eight pattern : a waggle run -LRB- aka waggle phase -RRB- followed by a turn to the right to circle back to the starting point -LRB- aka return phase -RRB- , another waggle run , followed by a turn and circle to the left , and so on in a regular alternation between right and left turns after waggle runs .
The distance between hive and recruitment target is encoded in the duration of the waggle runs .
The farther the target , the longer the waggle phase , with a rate of increase of about 75 milliseconds per 100 meters .
The direction and duration of waggle runs are closely correlated with the direction and distance of the patch of flowers being advertised by the dancing bee .
A waggle dance consists of one to 100 or more circuits , each of which consists of two phases : the waggle phase and the return phase .
It was once thought that bees had two distinct recruitment dances â '' round dances and waggle dances â '' the former for indicating nearby targets and the latter for indicating distant targets , but it is now known that a round dance is simply a waggle dance with a very short waggle run -LRB- see below -RRB- .
Georges Head battery was built in 1871 after the removal of the British forces from Australia in 1870 .
It took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from North Sydney to the batteries .
In 1877 large mounds of earth were placed between the pits to make sure the guns could not fire upon each other and to help protect the gun crew from enemy fire .
The miners ' job was to explode the mine closest to an approaching enemy ship .
The Georges Head Battery is located on Georges Head , in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
They came along a rough track which later became Military Road .
Georges Head was armed with four 80 pounder rifled muzzle loading guns and two 68 pounder muzzle-loading guns .
