It is the county seat of Alfalfa County .
Cherokee is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Skateboard decks are normally between 28 and 33 inches long .
The bottom of the deck can be printed with a design by the maker . Or it can be blank .
The longboard was made by two surfers ; Ben Whatson and Jonny Drapper .
Other materials used in making decks fiberglass , bamboo , resin , Kevlar , carbon fiber , aluminum , and plastic .
`` Old school '' boards -LRB- those made in the 1970s â `` 80s -RRB- are mostly wider and often have only one kicktail .
One of the first deck companies was called `` Drapped '' taken from Jonny 's second name .
Grip tape , when put on to the top of a skateboard , gives a skater 's feet grip on the deck .
Modern decks are different in size . Most are 7 to 10.5 inches wide .
Different kinds of the 1970s often have little or no concavity , whereas 1980s models have deeper concavities and steeper kicktails .
The normal parts to made a complete skateboard are the deck , trucks , wheels , bearings , hardware , and griptape .
This is mostly ridden down hills or by the beach .
However , it can come in many different colors like clear . Clear allows the top of the deck to be decorated .
The longboard , a common different kind of skateboard , has a longer deck .
Wider decks can be used for greater stability when transition or ramp skating .
Edmilson Alves -LRB- born 17 February 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Les Oubeaux is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Mitsubishi Motors has been around since 1970 .
This template , like some other is a workaround for wikimarkup behaviors .
In 1998 she became one of only two actresses -LRB- the other is Helen Mirren -RRB- to win a Golden Globe Award , an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year .
Penin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Cardiff is the capital and biggest city of Wales , in the United Kingdom .
Cardiff has one of the largest stadiums in the United Kingdom , the Millennium Stadium , where important world sports matches and concerts happen . Other big stadiums in the city are the Cardiff City Stadium , where the main football and rugby teams play , and the SWALEC Stadium where cricket is played .
Cardiff has a big port that used to be known as Tiger Bay , now just called Cardiff Bay , where the Welsh government works and now there are lots of shops , pubs and restaurants . Cardiff has an international airport , and is twinned with Nantes in France and Stuttgart in Germany .
PuymÃ ras is a commune of 610 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region , in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Gastines is a commune of 162 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Haiti national football team is the national football team of Haiti .
The Chenab then joins the Indus at Mithankot .
It then merges with the Sutlej River near Uch Sharif to form the Panjnad or the ` Five Rivers ' , the fifth being the Beas River which joins the Satluj near Ferozepur , India .
The Chenab River -LRB- Punjabi : à à à 3\/4 à , IAST : canÄ b , Urdu : Ú Ù Ø Ø , literally : ` Moon -LRB- Chan -RRB- Ú Ù River -LRB- aab -RRB- ' -RRB- Ø cents Ø is formed by the confluence of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi located in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh , Republic of India .
Ø Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ø Û Ø Ù .
It flows through the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir into the plains of the Punjab , forming the boundary between the Rechna and Jech interfluves -LRB- Doabs in Persian -RRB- .
Ù and then by the Ravi River Ahmadpur Siyaal Ø Ø Ù
It is joined by the Jhelum River at Trimmu Ø Ø Û Ù
The total length of the Chenab is approximately 960 kilometres .
In its upper reaches it is also known as the Chandrabhaga .
CondÃ - sur-Ifs is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The main bar at King 's is far older .
The bar has been traditionally painted a socialist red , including a picture of a hammer and sickle .
King 's also has a Coffee Shop next to the bar .
It begins with a service in the chapel : the `` Founder 's Eucharist '' . This is followed by a Founder 's Breakfast with ale and finally a big dinner called `` Founder 's Feast '' to which all members of College in their last year of studies are invited .
A ticket usually costs around Â # 60 which is cheap compared to the May Ball tickets for other colleges which can cost up to Â # 200 .
A Vacation Bar , or `` vac bar '' , also is sometimes open during the summer vacation , run by -LRB- and mainly for -RRB- the graduate students who stay in College throughout the year .
The college was founded in 1441 . Its full name is `` The King 's College of Our Lady and St. Nicholas in Cambridge '' .
King 's was founded in 1441 by King Henry VI .
The Cellar Bar is a small room in the basement of the college , which is used for music .
King 's College is one of the colleges of the University of Cambridge , England .
The student union has a long record of activism .
Most Cambridge colleges celebrate May Week with a May Ball -LRB- which actually falls in June -RRB- , but since the early 1980s King 's has instead held a June Event -LRB- a more informal version of a May Ball -RRB- which they call King 's Affair .
In 2004 it was redecorated , with the walls painted yellow and the overall dÃ cor lightened .
King 's does not have any strong connection now with Eton , although there is still a scholarship for a student from Eton to study at King 's .
The world-famous Chapel choir consists of choral scholars -LRB- male students from the college -RRB- and choristers -LRB- boys educated at the nearby King 's College School -RRB- .
In the 1980s a long strike against the college 's investment in apartheid South Africa was organised .
Originally , the college was just for boys from Eton College .
King Henry VI had admired what William of Wykeham had done when he founding the twin colleges of New College , Oxford and Winchester College in 1379 .
Many concerts and college events take place here .
As with all Cambridge colleges King 's has its own student unions both for undergraduates and for graduates .
Once someone has been admitted to the College , they become a member for life .
The students at the university usually just call it `` King 's '' .
A hammer and sickle survives in a frame on the wall .
The Chapel is so famous that it is seen as a symbol of Cambridge , and appears on the logo of the city council .
The College Chapel is built in the style of late Gothic architecture . It was built over a period of a hundred years -LRB- 1446 â `` 1531 -RRB- in three stages .
For this reason , King 's alumni -LRB- people who used to go there -RRB- are referred to as ` Non Resident Members ' .
He copied a lot of Wykeham 's ideas when building King 's and Eton College .
The choir sings services on most days in term-time , and also performs concerts and makes recordings and broadcasts .
The Chapel has the world 's largest fan vault , stained glass windows , and the painting `` The Adoration of the Magi '' by Rubens .
The German journalist Karl Brugger describes this city in The Chronicle of Akakor -LRB- 1976 -RRB- after interviewing Tatunca Nara , a Brazilian Indian .
Le Molay-Littry is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Lead glass , also known as lead crystal , is a type of glass that has lead in it .
Lead glass , also known as lead crystal , is a type of glass that has lead in it . Normal glass has calcium oxide in it , while lead glass changes the calcium oxide with lead -LRB- II -RRB- oxide .
The arondissement consists of four communes -LRB- like municipalities -RRB- : Port-de-Paix , Bassin Bleu , Chansolme and Tortuga Island .
Port-de-Paix -LRB- KrÃ yÃ l : PÃ depÃ or PÃ dpÃ ; in English means `` Peace Port '' -RRB- is a city and the capital of the dÃ partement of Nord-Ouest in Haiti on the Atlantic coast .
A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island -LRB- La Tortue -RRB- situated just across the water .
Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement -LRB- a part of a department -RRB- of the same name .
Du Quoin is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Another Code : Two Memories -LRB- called Trace Memory in North America -RRB- is an adventure video game made by CING and published by Nintendo on the Nintendo DS handheld .
Another Code is about a 13 year old girl called Ashley Mizuki Robbins who goes to an island called `` Blood Edward Island '' , an island near Washington after her dad sent her a package with a machine in it two days before her 14th birthday . She goes with her aunt Jessica , who raised her when her parents disappeared .
Miamisburg is a city in Montgomery County , Ohio , United States .
The North British Type 2 diesel-electric -LRB- later known as British Railwaysâ Class 21 -RRB- was a type of diesel locomotive built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow for British Railways in 1958-1960 .
Starting in 2007 , the classification has been reused for new Vossloh G1206 acquired by Euro Cargo Rail\/EWS .
Galen said these elements were used by Hippocrates to describe the human body . The elements are linked to the four humors : phlegm -LRB- water -RRB- , yellow bile -LRB- fire -RRB- , black bile -LRB- earth -RRB- , and blood -LRB- air -RRB- .
The corners of one are the classical elements . The corners of the other are the properties .
In Chinese Taoism the elements are metal , wood , water , fire , earth -LRB- é ` ã æ ã æ ã ç `` ã å -RRB- .
Beauraing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
At a February 26 meeting on a case of the March 22 , 2000 , an assassination attempt against Arkady Ghoukasyan in Stepanakert .
Babayan was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Tetsuya Ito -LRB- born 1 October 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Selah is a city in the state of Washington .
He was a member of the Habsburg family .
Rudolf II -LRB- July 18 , 1552 - January 20 , 1612 -RRB- was King of Hungary -LRB- as Rudolf , 1572-1608 -RRB- , King of Bohemia -LRB- as Rudolf II , 1575-1608\/1611 -RRB- , Archduke of Austria -LRB- as Rudolf V , 1576-1608 -RRB- , and Holy Roman Emperor -LRB- as Rudolf II , 1576-1612 -RRB- .
Chitral -LRB- or ChitrÄ l -RRB- ; was a former princely state of Pakistan and British India which ceased to exist in 1969 .
The area of the state now forms the Chitral District in the North-West Frontier Province .
Kesswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Invisible ink is a type of ink that can not be seen or read unless it is first activated . Chemical reactions , heat , or special glasses are used to make invisible ink visible .
Invisible ink is a type of ink that can not be seen or read unless it is first activated .
Some species of lizard also utilize bright colors , such as the iridescent patches on the belly of Sceloporus .
The dewlap is a brightly colored patch of skin on the throat , usually hidden between scales .
When a display is needed , the lizards erect the hyoid bone of their throat , resulting in a large vertical flap of brightly colored skin beneath the head which can be then used for communication .
Sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication . Many lizards have highly acute color vision .
Most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
These colors would be highly visible to predators , so are often hidden on the underside or between scales and only revealed when necessary .
He became a Member of the Scottish Parliament -LRB- MSP -RRB- for Banff and Buchan at the 1999 Scottish Parliament Election and resigned as SNP leader in 2000 .
Salmond became the party leader again in 2004 and stood in the 2007 Scottish Parliament election for the constituency of Gordon .
Alexander Elliot Anderson `` Alex '' Salmond -LRB- surname pronounced SAM-MON ; born December 31 , 1954 in Linlithgow , Scotland -RRB- is a Scottish politician who is the First Minister of Scotland and leader of the Scottish National Party -LRB- SNP -RRB- which is a political party that wants to take Scotland out from the United Kingdom .
There are currently administrators .
Sanders is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.2 kmÂ .
Mede borders the following municipalities : Frascarolo , Gambarana , Lomello , Pieve del Cairo , Sartirana Lomellina , Semiana , Torre Beretti e Castellaro , Villa Biscossi .
Mede is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy . It is located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia .
He was born on Mount Cyllene .
Hermes is the son of Zeus and Maia .
It is the sixth book in the Redwall series , and has been translated into nine different languages .
Martin the Warrior is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1993 .
Greece and the Republic of Macedonia have been arguing over the name Macedonia ever since the indipendence of the Macedonia . The Republic of Macedonia had to choose a temporary name in order to be recognized by the United Nations .
Greece and the Republic of Macedonia have been arguing over the name Macedonia ever since the indipendence of the Macedonia .
Macedonia -LRB- from greek : Î Î Î Î Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Î MakedonÎ a -RRB- is a region in the southeastern Europe , in Balkans .
The Menai Strait -LRB- , the `` River Menai '' -RRB- is a narrow stretch of water which separates the island of Anglesey from the mainland of Wales .
Yosa Buson -LRB- ä è è æ ` : 1716 - December 25 1784 -RRB- , was a Japanese Haiku poet and painter , usually referred to simply as `` Buson '' .
He is one of the greatest poet of the Edo period , comparable with Matsuo Basho and Kobayashi Issa .
Citrus County was formed in 1887 .
Its county seat is Inverness .
As of 2000 , the population was 118,085 .
Citrus County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
Royan is a famous seaside resort , with five sandy beaches , a marina and a fishing port .
Verchin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Most commercial aircraft are flown in the Tropopause .
Yugoslavia national football team is the national football team of Yugoslavia .
Bey is a commune .
Children may also work in sweatshops .
Saint-Martin-d ` Hardinghem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The first Temple of Jupiter was still waiting to be fixed when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 , burying the town of Pompeii under lava and ash .
As the most important god in Ancient Rome , many temples were built to honor Jupiter or the entire Capitoline Triad -LRB- a group of three gods that included Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva -RRB- in towns newly taken over by the Romans .
It was still allowed to mostly run itself , however , until the Italic Revolt against Rome at the beginning of the 1st century BC .
The temple had been built in 150 BC to be a very noticeable part of the forum , and it became Pompeii 's main temple after Rome took over .
Pompeii was taken over by the Romans beginning in 310 BC .
This was also true for Pompeii , where the Temple of Jupiter that was already there was enlarged and made more Roman when the Romans took over .
The hollow temple can still be seen in Pompeii today .
In 62 an earthquake shook the city of Pompeii , destroying much of the Temple of Jupiter .
The inside of the temple housed the main room of the temple , which held the statues of Jupiter , Juno , and Minerva , and which only the priests were allowed to enter .
Pompeii was changed into a much more public and open place .
The building style of the town was largely borrowed from the Greeks , but Roman rule would soon lead to changes in this style .
Jupiter was the ruler of the gods and the protector of Rome , where his temple was the center of Roman Religion and of the cult of state .
After this , the much smaller Temple of Jupiter Meilichios became the main place of worship to Jupiter and his group of three -LRB- triad -RRB- .
The Temple of Jupiter , Capitolium , or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a temple in the Roman city of Pompeii in Italy .
At the beginning this temple was dedicated to Jupiter alone , it was built in the mid 2nd century BC at the same time as the temple of Apollo was being worked on - this was the era at which Roman influence over Pompeii was at its height and so Roman Jupiter beat out the Greek Apollo as the town 's highest god .
Public buildings and spaces would eventually be able to be found all over the city .
Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks -LRB- originally called Mainstream Rock Tracks -RRB- is a ranking in Billboard magazine of the most-played songs on mainstream rock radio stations , a category that includes stations that play primarily rock music but are not modern rock -LRB- that is , `` alternative '' -RRB- stations , which are counted in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart .
Kensett is a city of Iowa in the United States .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklewarn .
A window will appear with the following options :
To configure Twinkle , copy the text below called TwinkleConfig , and paste it in your monobook .
Articles for Deletion - articles in the mainspace that may not meet requirements for inclusion on Wikipedia , but do not meet speedy deletion requirements , and are more controversial than a proposed deletion .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinkleprotect .
Similar to batch image deletion , but for normal pages instead .
Similar to batch deletion , but protects the pages instead .
Note that you will be presented with a different list if the article is in the Image namespace .
Defines the maximum of revision to query .
Defines if the talk page , if it exists , also should be deleted on speedy delete .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklediff .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklebatchprotect .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklefluff .
When changing settings , make sure not to remove the comma from the end of each line , and remember that some browsers dislike a comma on the last line .
Clicking Submit will post the chosen warning to the user 's talk page and then refresh the page in your browser .
If you just want to use one or more of the individual modules , here they are listed with their dependencies .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklebatchdelete .
To use , first click the warn tab .
Defines what types of actions should mark edit as minor .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklexfd .
The server limit is 50 , default is 50
This functions similarly to the warn tab .
Most additions that Twinkle gives are available to all users who have installed it .
Used for heavily vandalized articles or for articles that are current and likely will have traffic due to a real-life occurrence .
Installing Twinkle is easy .
Defines what types of actions should result in page to be added to watchlist .
Sends a request for protection to the page of the same name .
Defines if warning to an anonymous IP address should be accompanied with a shared IP notice .
csd stands for Criteria for Speedy Deletion .
Do not add these if you 've already chosen the complete script , as they would just be duplicates .
importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/morebits .
If Orphan backlinks is checked , all backlinks to this page or image instances of the particular image is removed .
Argument is boolean , default is true .
Each line in the object contains a specific setting which is described below .
Refer to the Installation section of the script 's page for easy-to-follow instructions .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklespeedy .
If you believe an article meets a criterion for Speedy Deletion , click on the tab , and select the appropriate reason .
When looking at a User or User talk page , there are two more additional tabs The warn tab allows you to leave one of a variety of warning messages on a user 's talk page .
Twinkle will add the appropriate notice on the article 's page , and will automatically put a notice on the talk page of the editor who created the article .
js ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklearv .
Argument is an array , consisting of the normalized CSD criteria -LRB- g1 , a1 etc. . . -RRB-
Defines how the talk page of target person should be opened .
Argument is a string , default to using TW .
Defines if talk page should be opened when calling revert from contrib page , this is because from there , actions may be multiple , and opening talk page not suitable .
For admins , the default action for csd is to delete the page .
Once Twinkle is installed , you will be presented with a number of additional tabs or links , depending on the page you are on .
Defines what summary Ad to be added .
Option exist to turn it into the other behavior to tag the page for deletion .
When on a user 's page or talk page , click this button to report them to administrators for several possible infractions :
It 's used often as an emergency option against heavy multiple-page vandalism .
Defines if backlinks to a page should be eliminated , by a limit to namespace 0 and 100 .
This will automatically tag the article , create an AfD entry , add the entry to the log , and notify the article creator of the nomination .
During the 20th century , architects and decorators have changed the use of the room . In most homes the parlor has been replaced by the living room .
The `` inner parlors '' in 1 Chronicles 28:11 in the Bible were the small rooms or chambers which Solomon built all round two sides and one end of the Temple -LRB- 1 Kings 6:5 -RRB- . Some people think the inner parlors may have been the porch and the holy place .
In modern use , the parlor is a formal sitting room in a large house or mansion .
The word parlor has even been used to describe a coffee shop as the `` coffee parlor . ''
It was generally in the west range of the buildings of the cloister , close to the main entrance .
In the late 19th century , it was often a formal room used only on Sundays or special occasions , and closed during the week .
Parlour -LRB- or parlor -RRB- , comes from the French word parloir , from parler , which means `` to speak '' .
In parts of Great Britain and the United States , parlor is a common name for certain types of restaurants such as `` ice cream parlor '' and `` pizza parlor '' . There are also `` Beer parlors '' , wine parlors , or , in at least one case , a `` spaghetti parlor . ''
The ` outer parlor ' was the room where the monks or nuns could meet a visitor and do business with people from outside the monastery .
The ` inner parlor ' was found off the cloister , next to the chapter house in the east range of the monastery .
In medieval Christian usage , the parlor was one of two rooms in a monastery .
The parlor is a room in a house where people could meet .
The family kept their best furniture , works of art and other things on display in the parlor .
Most religious orders wanted silence in the cloister , which was the place where the monks studied . The inner parlor was a place where the monks could talk without disturbing the others in the cloister .
San Diego State University or SDSU for short is a public university in San Diego , California .
Shunichiro Zaitsu -LRB- born 23 January 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Ferguson is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The Pontiac Vibe is a small SUV made by General Motors with Toyota in California .
The Vibe has the same engine and parts as the Toyota Matrix and Toyota Corolla .
The Vibe was sold in Japan by Toyota as the Voltz from 2002 to 2004 .
Laires is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
In the United States Cinco de Mayo is more important than in Mexico .
Cinco de Mayo is celebrated by many Americans , not only by Americans of Mexican origin .
As far away as the island of Malta , in the Mediterranean Sea , revelers are encouraged to drink Mexican beer on May 5 .
Special events and celebrations highlight Mexican culture , especially its music and regional dancing .
Cinco de Mayo is also celebrated outside Mexico and the United States .
For example , a sky-diving club near Vancouver , Canada , holds a Cinco de Mayo skydiving event .
In the Mexican state of Puebla , Cinco de Mayo is celebrated because the Mexican army won the Battle of Puebla from the French army on May 5 , 1862 .
Many people display Cinco de Mayo banners while schools organise events to educate pupils about Mexico .
Cinco de Mayo is not Mexico 's Independence Day , the most important national holiday in Mexico .
Celebrations use both traditional Mexican symbols , like the Virgen de Guadalupe , and prominent figures with Mexican roots in the United States , including CÃ sar ChÃ vez .
Examples include baile folklÃ rico and mariachi demonstrations held every year at the Plaza del Pueblo de Los Angeles , near Olvera Street .
Cinco de Mayo is a regional holiday limited mostly to the state of Puebla .
It is a day to celebrate the culture and experiences of Americans of Mexican ancestry . This is in the same way as other holidays like St. Patrick 's Day , Oktoberfest , and the Chinese New Year are used to celebrate those of Irish , German , and Chinese ancestry .
In the Cayman Islands , in the Caribbean , there is an yearly Cinco de Mayo air guitar competition .
Cacabelos , is a municipality located in the province of LeÃ n , Castilla y LeÃ n , Spain .
According to the 2008 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , Cacabelos has a population of 5,477 inhabitants .
Lommis is a municipality of the district of MÃ 1\/4 nchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
With the opening of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913 , the Los Angeles River was no longer needed as a water source .
With the opening of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913 , the Los Angeles River was no longer needed as a water source . Today , the Los Angeles River runs in a fixed course through a concrete channel for nearly its whole length .
The biggest city beside the Los Angeles River is Los Angeles .
These tattoos , which were made of soot , were possibly part of an early form of acupuncture .
Tattoos may be made on human or animal skin . Tattoos on humans are a type of body modification , but tattoos on animals are most often used for identification .
A goitre -LRB- BrE -RRB- , or goiter -LRB- AmE -RRB- -LRB- Latin struma -RRB- , also called a bronchocele , is a swelling in the neck -LRB- just below Adam 's apple or larynx -RRB- due to an enlarged thyroid gland .
The Second War of Scottish Independence began in 1333 when Edward III of England did not accept the 1328 Treaty of Northampton any more , under which England recognized the legitimacy of the dynasty established by Robert Bruce . Edward was determined to support the claim of Edward Balliol , the son of the former king , John Balliol , over David II , Bruce 's son and heir .
Pandita Ramabai -LRB- 23 April 1858 , Maharashtra - 5 April 1922 -RRB- was an Indian Christian who tried to change many things in India .
His Eminence Prince Adam Stefan StanisÅ aw Bonfatiusz JÃ zef Cardinal Sapieha -LRB- 14 May 1867 â `` 23 July 1951 -RRB- was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and , what some might call , mentor of Pope John Paul II .
Arcbishop Sapieha , in August 1944 , was forced to operate the seminary in secret due the Nazi invasion of KrakÃ w ; he moved his seminarians -LRB- including the future Pope John Paul II , Karol WojtyÅ a -RRB- into his episcopal residence to finish their training .
Father Sapieha did pastoral work in the diocese of Lemberg , whose seminary he served as a faculty member for four years until becoming its rector .
Later on the same year he conferred priestly ordination to Karol WojtyÅ a in the chapel of his episcopal residence .
He was created a Cardinal Priest , of the title of S. Maria Nuova , on 18 February 1946 .
Sapieha knew WojtyÅ a was destined to become a priest when a young Karol delivered a welcoming speech to the archbishop on a visit to his school .
He was educated at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome , where he was also ordained a priest on 1 October 1893 by Bishop Jan Puzyna de Kosielsko -LRB- later Bishop of KrakÃ w and Cardinal -RRB- .
He was the youngest of the seven children of Prince Adam StanisÅ aw Sapieha-Kodenski and Princess Jadwiga Klementyna Sanguszko-Lubartowicza .
Headingley railway station is a commuter railway station in the Headingley area of Leeds , West Yorkshire . The station is on the line from Leeds City Centre to Harrogate and is two stops away from Leeds City Station .
The Sonoma Coast State Beach is a string of beaches in Sonoma County , California , extending from Bodega Head in Bodega to just north of Goat Rock Beach .
He retired on June 12 , 2009 and is currently serving as a color analyst on the regional NFL games for the Fox network and also as a studio analyst for the NFL Total Access show on the NFL Network .
He played college football at Indiana .
He was first drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the eighth round of the 1993 NFL Draft .
Trent Jason Green -LRB- born July 9 , 1970 in Cedar Rapids , Iowa -RRB- is a retired American football quarterback that played for the San Diego Chargers , Washington Redskins , St. Louis Rams , Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins of the National Football League .
Green has also played for has also played for the British Columbia Lions , Washington Redskins , Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins .
He earned a Super Bowl ring during his first stint with the Rams and was selected to two Pro Bowls with the Chiefs .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a automobile produced by Alfa Romeo .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a automobile produced by Alfa Romeo . It replaced the Alfa Romeo 90 in 1987 , and were discontinued in 1997 and replaced by the Alfa Romeo 166 in 1998 .
Over 18,000 Medals were awarded .
The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognize achievements in Australian sport .
Winners of the award included competitors , coaches , sports scientists , office holders , and people who maintained sporting facilities and services .
Alexandra David-N Ã el -LRB- full name Louise EugÃ nie Alexandrine Marie David -RRB- born in Saint-Mand Ã , Val-de-Marne on 24 October 1868 , and died in Digne-les-Bains , on 8 September 1969 . She was a Belgian-French explorer .
It is situated 10 km northwest of Tirschenreuth , and 17 km southwest of Cheb .
Mitterteich is a town in the district of Tirschenreuth , in Bavaria , Germany .
Saint-Thomas , Aisne is a commune .
In February 2007 Bilan started to record his first international album in English in Los Angeles , Miami and in Philadelphia in collaboration with producer Jim Beanz and Ryan Tedder .
One of the new tracks will be a duet with one of Timbaland 's most successful artists , Nelly Furtado .
Bilan was in the 2006 Eurovision contest . He sang the song `` Never Let You Go . ''
In the 2008 contest , he came back with song `` Believe '' and he won with 272 points .
In essence , a change in the environment brings about a change in needs -LRB- besoins -RRB- , resulting in a change in behavior , bringing change in organ usage and development , bringing change in form over time â '' and thus the gradual transmutation -LRB- change -RRB- of the species .
However , as scientist historians such as Michael Ghiselin and Stephen Jay Gould have pointed out , none of these views were original to Lamarck .
The identification of `` Lamarckism '' with the inheritance of acquired characteristics alone is regarded by some as an over-simplification , rehashed in textbooks repeatedly .
Stephen Jay Gould wrote that late 19th century evolutionists `` re-read Lamarck , cast aside the guts of it ... and elevated one aspect of the mechanics â `` inheritance of acquired characters â `` to a central focus it never had for Lamarck himself '' .
Gould advocated defining `` Lamarckism '' more broadly , in line with Lamarck 's overall evolutionary theory .
He argued that `` the restriction of Lamarckism to this relatively small and non-distinctive corner of Lamarck 's thought must be labeled as more than a misnomer , and truly a discredit to the memory of a man and his much more comprehensive system '' .
On the contrary , Lamarck 's contribution was a systematic theoretical framework for understanding evolution .
They co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson . It was for Coldplay 's debut album , Parachutes .
`` Trouble '' is a song by English alternative rock band Coldplay .
Sexual abstinence is the practice of voluntarily refraining from some or all aspects of sexual activity .
Romania national football team is the national football team of Romania .
Dorna Candrenilor is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Greer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Mangum .
As of 2000 , the population is 6,061 .
These were the first serious technical applications of artificial evolution , an important subset of the still growing field of bionics .
His awards include the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Evolutionary Programming Society -LRB- US , 1995 -RRB- and the Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award of the IEEE Neural Networks Society -LRB- US , 2002 -RRB- .
Since 1972 he has been a full professor at the Technical University of Berlin , where he is heading the Department of Bionics and Evolution Techniques .
In the 1960s and 1970s he invented a highly influential set of optimization methods known as evolution strategies -LRB- from German Evolutionsstrategie -RRB- .
Rechenberg is a pioneer of the fields of evolutionary computation and artificial evolution .
Rechenberg was educated at the Technical University of Berlin and at the University of Cambridge .
Ingo Rechenberg -LRB- born January 20 1934 in Berlin -RRB- is a German computer scientist and professor .
In 1954 , Rechenberg also became world champion in the field of model airplanes .
His group successfully applied the new algorithms to challenging problems such as aerodynamic wing design .
Eps , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Ioannina is built next to the lake which is named Pamvotida or Ioannina 's lake . Ioannina has a small port on the lake which connects Ioannina with the island of the lake .
It is the highest market town in England .
Buxton is near to Cheshire and Staffordshire . Buxton is described as `` the gateway to the Peak District National Park '' .
Roman coins have been found in Buxton .
The Dukes of Devonshire have been helping Buxton since 1780 , when the Duke used his money from his copper mines to develop the town as a spa like Bath .
The town largely grew in importance in the late 18th century when it was developed by the Dukes of Devonshire , with a second revival a hundred years later as the people visited to use the healing properties of the waters .
Buxton is a spa town in Derbyshire , England .
Buxton is also close to Manchester .
Buxton is described as `` the gateway to the Peak District National Park '' . Buxton is also close to Manchester .
Poole 's Cavern , a limestone cavern , and St Ann 's Well are in Buxton .
Buxton is twinned with two other townsâ '' Oignies in France and Bad Nauheim in Germany .
Bess of Hardwick had taken one of her four husbands , the Earl of Shrewsbury , to `` take the waters '' at Buxton shortly after he became the jailer of Mary , Queen of Scots , in 1569 .
Two of Charles Darwin 's half-cousins , Edward Levett Darwin and Reginald Darwin also settled there .
The Romans developed the town when it was called Aquae Arnemetiae -LRB- or the spa of the goddess of the grove -RRB- .
Dr. Erasmus Darwin recommended the waters at Buxton to Josiah Wedgwood . The Wedgwood family often went to Buxton on holiday .
Mark Richard Hamill -LRB- born September 25 , 1951 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian and voice actor .
Hamill is best known for his portrayal of Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars trilogy -LRB- 1977 â `` 1983 -RRB- .
ISTD is a corporate member of the British Dance Council .
The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing -LRB- ISTD -RRB- is a leading dance teaching and examination board . Based in London , it operates internationally .
The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing -LRB- ISTD -RRB- is a leading dance teaching and examination board .
The ISTD provides training in a range of dance styles , with examination syllabi for students , and training courses for people wishing to become certified dance teachers .
Established on 25 July 1904 , it is now a registered educational charity .
A link , also called a Gunterâ s link , is a unit of length in the imperial and US systems .
Links were commonly used in measuring land in the English-speaking world before the 20th century , but are now rarely used .
The population was 41,138 at the 2000 census .
Moore is a city in Cleveland County , Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area .
Le Pontet is a commune of 15,594 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
In Etruscan mythology , Ani is god of the sky .
He is shown as living in the highest heaven . He is sometimes shown with two faces , possibly showing a link with the Akkadian god Anu and the Roman god Janus .
Human fertility depends on factors of nutrition , sexual behavior , culture , instinct , endocrinology , timing , economics , way of life , and emotions .
This is different to fecundity . This is defined the potential for reproduction -LRB- influenced by gamete production , fertilisation and carrying a pregnancy to term -RRB- .
As a measure , `` Fertility Rate '' is the number of children born per couple , person or population .
Doctors recommend that women over 30 who have been unsuccessful in trying to conceive for more than 6 months undergo some kind of fertility testing .
Larissa Wilson -LRB- born 5 May 1989 -RRB- is an English actress .
She is currently appearing as Jal Fazer in Skins .
They are contained within the middle ear space and serve to transmit sounds from the air to the fluid-filled labyrinth -LRB- cochlea -RRB- .
These are ossified -LRB- turned into bone -RRB- portions of cartilage -- called Meckel 's cartilage -- that are attached to the jaw .
These correspond to the quadrate , prearticular , articular , and angular structures in earlier land vertebrates .
The structure is known as the middle ear , and is made up of the incus , stapes , malleus , and tympanic membrane .
Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary , which is part of the lower jaw .
Later in development , the bone structure breaks loose from the jaw and migrates to the inner ear area .
The terms mean hammer , anvil , and stirrup .
The absence of the auditory ossicles would constitute a moderate-to-severe hearing loss .
The ossicles are the three smallest bones in the human body .
The ossicles are , in order from the eardrum to the inner ear -LRB- from superficial to deep -RRB- , the malleus , incus , and stapes .
As the embryo develops , the cartilage hardens to form bone .
They may be called ear bones or auditory ossicles .
Army of Me is a song by BjÃ rk .
Divion is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
ABBA was a Swedish pop music group , who had many hits in the 1970s and early 1980s . The name `` ABBA '' is made from the first letter of each member 's first name :
The Polish Academy of Sciences -LRB- Polish : Polska Akademia Nauk , in short : PAN -RRB- with seat in Warsaw , is one of the two Polish institutions which have the nature of an academy of sciences .
In 1989 , the Polish Academy of Abilities , in Cracow , assume again its independent existence , out of the Polish Academy of Sciences , in Warsaw .
The Academy also acts through its committees , creating an important scientific consulting body .
The Polish Academy of Sciences funciona as docta society which acts through a chosen corporation of distinguished scholars and of institutions of research .
Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix or cervical area that can result in malignance and death .
They play their home games at the County Ground .
They are based in Swindon and play in Football League One .
Swindon Town F.C. are an English football club . They are based in Swindon and play in Football League One .
Jonathan Mark Buckland was born on the 11 September 1977 . He is known as Jonny Buckland .
Nmap also finds out other things about computers . It can find out DNS names , MAC addresses , and the kind of computer it is .
It works on Linux , Microsoft Windows , Mac OS X , Solaris , and BSD .
The usual way of playing claves is to hold one clave lightly between the thumb and the fingertips with the palm of the hand facing upwards , or to cradle the clave in the hand .
Twenty-six of these 0-6-0 locomotives were ordered in January 1963 , to be built at British Railways Swindon Works .
The order was expanded to 56 in mid-1963 , before work had started on the first order .
The British Rail Class 14 is a type of small diesel-hydraulic locomotive built in the mid-1960s .
The anticipated work for this class was yard shunting , trip work -LRB- between local yards -RRB- and short distance freight trains .
Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Daubechies wavelets are a family of orthogonal wavelets named after Belgian physicist and mathematician Ingrid Daubechies . They are used in discrete wavelet transform .
Noron-la-Poterie is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Beech is a giant tree in the genus Fagus in the plant family Fagaceae . There are about 10 species , all native to Europe .
The folders inside folders are like branches and sub-branches off the tree trunk . This idea is used by the software to allow the user to navigate the folders .
A folder is a storage space that many files can be placed into to group them together and organize the computer .
A folder can also contain other folders .
The Class 66 locomotive is a development of the Class 59 and used both on British and European railway networksâ '' where it is marketed as EMD Series 66 .
November 22 , 1993 - December 2 , 1997 Bill Clinton
February 14 , 1977 - January 20 , 1981 Jimmy Carter
Gordon Gray June 20 , 1949 - April 12 , 1950 Harry S. Truman
Robert M. Walker December 2 , 1997 - July 2 , 1998 Bill Clinton
The United States Secretary of the Army is a civilian office within the Department of Defense with statutory responsibility for all matters relating to the United States Army : manpower , personnel , reserve affairs , installations , environmental issues , weapons systems and equipment acquisition , communications , and financial management .
Stanley R. Resor July 2 , 1965 - June 30 , 1971 Lyndon B. Johnson , Richard Nixon
Cyrus Roberts Vance July 5 , 1962 - January 21 , 1964 John F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson
Nominated by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate , the Secretary of the Army is a non-Cabinet position serving under the Secretary of Defense .
Wilber Marion Brucker July 21 , 1955 - January 19 , 1961 Dwight D. Eisenhower
Kenneth Claiborne Royall September 18 , 1947 - April 27 , 1949 Harry S. Truman
Elvis Jacob Stahr , Jr. .
Robert Ten Broeck Stevens February 4 , 1953 - July 21 , 1955 Dwight D. Eisenhower
Michael P.W. Stone August 14 , 1989 - January 20 , 1993 George H. W. Bush
Martin R. Hoffmann August 5 , 1975 - January 20 , 1977 Gerald Ford
Togo D. West , Jr. .
Frank Pace April 12 , 1950 - January 20 , 1953 Harry S. Truman
Howard H. Callaway May 15 , 1973 - July 3 , 1975 Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford
January 24 , 1961 - June 30 , 1962 John F. Kennedy
Gregory R. Dahlberg January 20 , 2001 - March 5 , 2001 George W. Bush
Clifford L. Alexander , Jr. .
Thomas E. White May 31 , 2001 - May 9 , 2003 George W. Bush
Robert F. Froehlke July 1 , 1971 - May 14 , 1973 Richard Nixon
This position was created September 18 , 1947 , when the Department of War became the Department of the Army and made a branch of the new Department of Defense .
John O. Marsh , Jr. .
January 21 , 1981 - August 13 , 1989 Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush
Pete Geren March 9 , 2007 - September 16 , 2009 George W. Bush , Barack Obama John McHugh September 21 , 2009 - Present Barack Obama
Joseph W. Westphal March 5 , 2001 - May 31 , 2001 George W. Bush
Stephen Ailes January 28 , 1964 - July 1 , 1965 Lyndon B. Johnson
Francis J. Harvey November 19 , 2004 - March 9 , 2007 George W. Bush
Les Brownlee May 10 , 2003 - November 18 , 2004 George W. Bush
At the 2000 census , the population was 4,499 .
Rainsville is a city in DeKalb County , Alabama , United States .
Rainsville was incorporated in October of 1956 .
Aliaune Thiam -LRB- born April 16 , 1973 -RRB- , known by his stage name Akon , is an American R&B singer .
Velvet Revolver -LRB- VR -RRB- , is a Grammy Award-winning rock supergroup . The members of the band are Slash -LRB- guitarist -RRB- , Duff McKagan -LRB- bassist , backing vocals -RRB- , Matt Sorum -LRB- drums -RRB- of Guns N ' Roses , Scott Weiland -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- of Stone Temple Pilots and Dave Kushner -LRB- guitarist -RRB- of Wasted Youth .
`` 30,000 Pounds of Bananas '' is a song by Harry Chapin . It is from his Verities & Balderdash album .
At the 2000 census the population was 2,951 .
Hanceville is a city in Cullman County , Alabama , United States .
Bulletproof Monk is an action film starring Chow Yun-Fat .
Noaillac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
For example , in the 2004 United States presidential election , George W. Bush was the incumbent because he was the president at that time .
For other senses of this word , see chÃ cents teau -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
For example , the ChÃ cents teau de Versailles is so called because it was located in the country when it was built , but it does not bear any resemblance to a castle , so it is usually known in English as the Palace of Versailles .
Where clarification is needed , a fortified chÃ cents teau -LRB- that is , a castle -RRB- is called a chÃ cents teau fort .
But the word is not used in the same way as `` castle '' is in English , and most chÃ cents teaux are more appropriately described as `` palaces '' or `` country houses '' in English than as `` castles '' .
A chÃ cents teau -LRB- plural chÃ cents teaux -RRB- is a manor house or residence of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry .
Pilsner Urquell -LRB- Czech : PlzeÅ skÃ 1\/2 Prazdroj -RRB- is a famous brand of beer that is made in the city of Pilsen in Western Bohemia , Czech Republic . They started making this beer in 1842 .
Pilsner Urquell -LRB- Czech : PlzeÅ skÃ 1\/2 Prazdroj -RRB- is a famous brand of beer that is made in the city of Pilsen in Western Bohemia , Czech Republic .
The output voltage is less than that of the input voltage .
In electronics , a voltage divider is a tool which creates an output voltage which is proportional to an input voltage . Voltage dividers are also known as resistor divider and potential divider .
Voltage dividers are also known as resistor divider and potential divider . The output voltage is less than that of the input voltage .
In electronics , a voltage divider is a tool which creates an output voltage which is proportional to an input voltage .
Mionnay is a commune .
It was part of the Northwest Territories from 1870 to 1898 .
The Yukon became a territory in 1898 .
Around March 2004 , a friend of the band 's paid for 300 copies of a 7 '' red vinyl single `` Graffiti '' and later released a vinyl of their tracks -LRB- `` The Coast Is Always Changing '' \/ `` The Night I Lost My Head '' -RRB- that theyâ d recorded in their house in Fenham .
After some time of doing shows around their home town , Steve Beckett of the dance-electronic label Warp Records found one of these records and decided to sign MaxÃ mo Park to his record label .
Best known are perhaps the Cacao tree , the source of cocoa and chocolate .
Theobroma species are used as food plants by the larvae of some moths of the genus Endoclita including E. chalybeatus , E. damor , E. hosei and E. sericeus .
Other well-known trees are CupuaÃ u , and Mocambo .
The larva of another moth , Hypercompe muzina , feeds exclusively on Theobroma cacao .
Jasenovac i GradiÅ ka Stara is a Croatian song promoting the UstaÅ e. The lyrics celebrate the World War II crimes against the Serbs .
The lyrics include words in the typical dialect of Herzegovina , where some of the worst atrocities against Serbs during WWII happened .
Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Instant noodles is a dish used in cooking . These noodles were cooked at the factory and packaged as dried noodles , often with a special powder that adds flavor to the noodles .
It lies within the Newry and Mourne District Council area .
Gypsum is soft -LRB- -LRB- Mohs hardness 1.5 to 2 -RRB- . It can be easily scratched by a fingernail .
Gypsum is the alabaster of the present day ; calcite is generally the alabaster of the ancients .
Also , calcite effervesces when it is treated with hydrochloric acid . Gypsum does not .
They are attractive to look at . Both have been used for making a variety of artworks and objects , especially small carvings .
Alabaster is a name applied to varieties of two distinct minerals . Gypsum is a hydrous sulfate of calcium , and calcite is a carbonate of calcium .
The old cemetery was washed into the river around 1937 .
The Athabascans had many camps in the area .
It declined in the 1940s as mining declined .
There were 12 summer fish camps on the Yukon River between the Koyukuk River and the Nowitna River .
An airport and medical clinic were built during the 1960s .
When the United States took over Alaska , the army built a telegraph line along the north side of the Yukon River .
Kaltag has a week long Stick Dance Festival every two years that draws visitors from many other villages .
In 1900 there were 46 steamboats on the river .
A trading post opened around 1880 . There was a gold rush in 1884-85 .
By 1906 , most of the people looking gold had left for Fairbanks or Nome . The Galena lead mines opened 1919 .
Salmon , whitefish , moose , bear , waterfowl and berries are the main foods .
In 1839 smallpox killed many of the people who lived in the area .
Kaltag was down the river from the mines and grew as a point on the transportation route for the mines .
Most of the people in Kaltag live by hunting and fishing .
Measles and food shortages during 1900 reduced the population of the area by one-third .
It is on an old walking track which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet .
The village of Kaltag began after this when the people who were left in three nearby villages moved to the area .
The first people to live in the area were the Koyokon people , part of the Athabascan nation . They used Kaltag as a cemetery for surrounding villages .
This festival is held by relatives of people who have died , to thank those who helped during their time of mourning .
The Russians named Kaltag after a Koyokon man named Kaltaga .
Customer service is a service in which helps customers to get over their bad experience within a shop or business .
Campigny , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The total length of the Carpathians is over 1,500 km , and the mountain chain 's width varies between 12 and 500 km .
The Carpathians begin on the Danube near Bratislava .
They surround Transcarpathia and Transylvania in a large semicircle , sweeping towards the south-west , and end on the Danube near OrÅ ova , in Romania .
A major part of the western and northeastern Outer Carpathians in Poland , Ukraine and Slovakia is traditionally called Beskids .
The Carpathians are separated from the Alps by the Danube .
Deanston is a village in the district of Stirling , Scotland , on the south bank of the River Teith , formerly of West Perthshire .
It is a part of the parish of Kilmadock .
Bossancourt is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
When Demeter went to the Underworld to rescue her Persephone , Hades forced Persephone to eat the pomegranate . After she ate this fruit it was supposed to keep her in the underworld with Hades so she would be forced to marry him .
Û Ø Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø ; meaning the land of the most high mirs -RRB- is a city located in the province of Sindh in Pakistan .
Mirpur Khas -LRB- Urdu\/Sindhi : Ù
This took place on his 60th birthday May 14 , 2003 .
He married GuÃ rÃ n KatrÃ n Ã orbergsdÃ ttir in 1974 , who gave birth to twin daughters the following year .
Ã `` lafur Ragnar GrÃ msson -LRB- born May 14 , 1943 , in Ã safjÃ rÃ ur , Iceland -RRB- is the fifth and current President of Iceland , from 1996 to present , re-elected without opposition in 2000 , and was re-elected for a third term in 2004 .
Ã `` lafur 's second marriage was to Dorrit Moussaieff to whom he had been engaged since May 2000 .
From 1962 to 1970 , he studied economics and political science at the University of Manchester .
For ancient folklore and myths of Japan , see also : Category : Japanese mythology .
Serques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The artery is different in women and in men .
Pierres , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Jason White -LRB- born November 11 , 1973 in Little Rock , Arkansas -RRB- is a U.S. guitarist who has played in many punk rock bands .
Early turbine examples are windmills and water wheels .
A turbine is an engine that turns fluid into energy .
Kricogonia is a genus of butterflies . Kricogonia belongs in the family Pieridae .
Mathematician John von Neumann proposed the ALU concept in 1945 .
In computing , an arithmetic logic unit -LRB- ALU -RRB- is a digital circuit that performs arithmetic and logical operations .
The ALU is one of basic building block of the central processing unit -LRB- CPU -RRB- of a computer , even the simplest microcontrollers contain one for purposes such as timing .
Linux distributions are made of the Linux kernel and a collection of applications .
The operating system will be made up of the Linux kernel and , usually , a set of libraries and utilities from the GNU project , with graphics that come from the X Window System .
People who used computers wanted to use Linux distributions as replacements to Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC , Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh and proprietary versions of Unix .
SLS was not well-maintained , so Patrick Volkerding created a distribution based on SLS , which he called Slackware ; released July 16 , 1993 .
Examples of packages include a collection of fonts , or a web browser .
Most of those are in still in development , being improved and changed constantly .
Distributions are normally split into packages .
Distributions that are made to be small may not contain X , but use small window systems like busybox , uclibc or dietlibc .
There are more than three hundred Linux distributions .
Linux distributions started to form after the Linux kernel was starting to be used by people outside the original Linux programmers .
Before the first Linux distributions , a Linux user needed to be a Unix expert , knowing what libraries and executables that were needed to get the system to boot and run .
Each package has a certain application or service .
Marie , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
Saint-Lager-Bressac is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
This is a template to display the characteristics of a Belgian Municipality .
Charlemagne did intervene in church affairs , not always successfully .
Leo , on December 23 , took an oath of purgation concerning the charges brought against him , and his opponents were exiled .
Leo reported his election to Charlemagne , sent him the keys of Saint Peter 's tomb and the banner of Rome .
The reasons for the coronation , the involvement beforehand of the Frankish court , and the relationship to the Byzantine Empire are all matters of debate among historians .
Charlemagne went to Rome in November 800 , and on December 1 held a council there with representatives of both sides .
Two days later Leo crowned Charlemagne at St. Peter 's tomb .
Leo III -LRB- died June 12 , 816 -RRB- was Pope from 795 to 816 .
Charlemagne replied that it was his function to defend the church and the Pope 's to pray for the kingdom and for victory of the army .
The stadium is most famous for being the place where large shows celebrating Kim Il-sung and the North Korean nation were held .
The stadium can seat 150,000 , which is the largest stadium in the world that is not used for auto racing .
It is currently used for football matches , a few athletics matches , but most often for Arirang performances -LRB- also known as the Mass Games -RRB- .
In 2000 , Kim Jong-Il used the stadium to entertain Madeleine Albright , the U.S. Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton .
Its name comes from the place where it is , Rungra Islet in the Taedong River , and May Day , the international day celebrating labor .
In June-July 2002 , the `` Arirang '' gymnastic and artistic performances were held there .
The Guinness Book of Records has recognized these events as the largest in the world .
The RÅ ngrado May First Stadium , or May Day Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang , North Korea , completed on May 1 , 1989 .
The stadium was built as a main stadium for the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989 .
Each lichen is a flat patch bordered by a black line of spores .
If the growth rate is known , the maximum lichen size will give a minimum age for when this rock was deposited .
Map lichen is a lichen widely used by climatologists to determine the relative age of deposits .
Growth rates for different areas and species can be obtained by measuring maximum lichen sizes on substrates of known age , such as gravestones , historic or prehistoric rock buildings , or moraines of known age -LRB- e.g those deposited during the Little Ice Age -RRB- .
Lichenometry is based on the assumption that the largest lichen growing on a rock is the oldest individual .
These patches grow next to each other . This makes the lichen look like a map or a patchwork field .
The map lichen is a species of lichen , Rhizocarpon geographicum . It grows on rocks in areas of low air pollution .
The process is called lichenometry .
A theory about white holes is that they act as an exit for matter sucked in by a black hole , suggesting that black holes are a type of teleporter -LRB- something that can transport objects instantly without traveling through space -RRB- . The black and white holes are connected by a wormhole -LRB- see diagram -RRB- .
In astrophysics , a white hole is the opposite of a black hole .
Betancourt formerly played for the Seattle Mariners from 2005-2009 and the Kansas City Royals from 2009-2010 before being traded along with Zack Greinke to the Brewers for Alcides Escobar , Lorenzo Cain , Jeremy Jeffress , Jake Odorizzi , and $ 2,000,000 to reportedly offset the buyout of Betancourt 's club option in 2012 .
Yuniesky Betancourt -LRB- born January 31 , 1982 in Santa Clara , Cuba -RRB- is a Cuban baseball player . He currently plays as a shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- .
The game , like Guitar Hero II , was made for PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 , but this time it was also released for PlayStation 3 , Nintendo Wii , PC and Mac home computers .
Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock is a music video game , released on October 28 , 2007 .
Nick GAS focused on Nickelodeon game shows , which by 2000 were no longer available on the main Nickelodeon network . It was basically a children 's version of Game Show Network , which had started in 1994 .
Nickelodeon Games and Sports for Kids -LRB- also called Nickelodeon GAS , Nick GAS , or GAS -RRB- was an American cable television network . It was part of MTV Networks 's digital cable channels , and was available to all companies that provide digital cable and to Dish Network .
Donegal is a county in Ulster , Ireland .
The restoration even includes the same type of television .
From Texas the Orbitron was traded to a carnival owner in Ciudad JuÃ rez , Chihuahua , Mexico in 1991 .
The car , which used to be painted blue , had been spray painted in black and was almost complete except for the hood , the television , the fur lining , the cut-off nose and the bubble top . The top had to be destroyed in the early 1970s when it became stuck and trapped someone inside .
The Orbitron is a custom car built by Ed Roth . It was lost for many years until it was found again in Mexico in 2007 .
The original Chevrolet engine with its very special carburetors and Chevrolet Corvette aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and put back in the Orbitron .
A small tape recorder and tape were found hidden in the cockpit . This was played when the car was new .
It was then sold to Beau Boeckmann , the host of the TV show `` Pimp My Ride . '' He fully restored the Orbitron in 100 days .
It is on the cover of the March 2009 edition of Hot Rod Deluxe , a `` retro '' version of Hot Rod Magazine .
Michael Lightbourn , a man who restores old cars , heard that the Orbitron was in Ciudad JuÃ rez . He discovered it parked in front of an adult bookstore where it was in very poor shape and was being used as a trash can .
Planet Plastics of Chino , California , the original company which made the bubble top , was asked to create a replacement .
Little bits of the car 's original `` candy blue '' color -LRB- similar to a very fancy color called `` candy apple red '' -RRB- were found inside the car .
All the original parts which could not be used and which Mr. Boeckmann removed from the car , including the frame which was too rusted to reuse , were stored away .
The family who owned the bookstore had also owned the carnival in which the car was used .
It had three red , green and blue tinted headlamps .
Another car builder , Darryl Starbird , bought the Orbitron from Mr. Roth in 1967 for US$ 750.00 .
Carbon-12 is important in chemistry as it is the benchmark where all other atomic masses are worked out . Its atomic mass is exactly 12 .
Velupillai Prabhakaran -LRB- November 26 1954 â '' May 18 2009 -RRB- was the leader of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . He fought to make an independent state for the Tamil people in the north of Sri Lanka .
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune .
Cestas is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Bezinghem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Parma is a city in the region of Emilia-Romagna .
Parma has one of the oldest universities of the world , the University of Parma .
JosÃ Manuel Ochotorena -LRB- born 16 January , 1961 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Pholus was the second Centaur type asteroid to be found and was quickly found to be very red in color . Because it 's very red , it is sometimes called `` Big Red '' .
Astronomers think the color is because of organic compounds on its surface .
Unlike the first Centaur , 2060 Chiron , Pholus has shown no signs of cometary activity .
Close approaches of the object are not common : it has not come within one astronomical unit -LRB- about 150 million km -RRB- of a planet since 764 BC , and will not again until 5290 .
Astronomers think that Pholus ' diameter is about 185 Â 16 km .
Astronomers think that Pholus started out as a Kuiper belt object .
It was found by David L. Rabinowitz , then of the University of Arizona 's Spacewatch Project , and named after Pholus , the brother of the mythological Chiron , after which 2060 Chiron was named to follow the tradition of naming this class of outer planet crossing objects after Centaurs .
5145 Pholus is a Centaur -LRB- minor planetoid -RRB- of the solar system running in a stretched orbit , with a perihelion -LRB- closest approach to the Sun -RRB- less than Saturn 's and aphelion -LRB- farthest approach from the Sun -RRB- farther than Neptune 's .
Sandro Salvadore -LRB- born 29 November , 1939 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Clay County is a county in Florida .
Its county seat is Green Cove Springs
For example cancer is responsible for many deaths but is not considered a pandemic because the disease is not infectious -LRB- although certain causes of some types of cancer might be -RRB- .
A disease or condition is not a pandemic merely because it is widespread or kills many people ; it must also be infectious .
A pandemic -LRB- from Greek Ï Î Î 1\/2 pan all + Î Î Î 1\/4 Î Ï demos people -RRB- is an epidemic -LRB- an outbreak of an infectious disease -RRB- that spreads across a large region -LRB- for example a continent -RRB- , or even worldwide .
In the later episodes Lana gets married to Clark . She also had a relationship with Clark 's foe , Lex Luthor .
Gareth Barry -LRB- born 23 February 1981 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Manchester City and England national team .
The Eresus or Ladybird spider is a type of velvet spider with spots on its back like a ladybug .
Teri Lynn Hatcher -LRB- born December 8 , 1964 -RRB- is an Emmy-nominated and Golden Globe Award-winning American actress and author .
She gained attention for her role as Lois Lane in the television series Lois & Clark : The New Adventures of Superman co-starring with Dean Cain . Hatcher is also well-known for portraying Susan Mayer , in Desperate Housewives , an accident-prone divorcee .
The Toronto Stock Exchange -LRB- TSX -RRB- is the largest stock exchange in Canada , the third largest in North America and the eighth largest in the world by market capitalization .
West Palm Beach was built across Lake Worth as a service town , and is now a major city .
The workers rented their small houses from the landowners .
Palm Beach began as a resort town when Henry Morrison Flagler , a founder of Standard Oil , built the Florida East Coast Railway down the coast of Florida .
In the center of the community , Flagler built two luxury resort hotels , the Royal Poinciana Hotel and The Breakers Hotel .
The town was incorporated on April 17 , 1911 .
The Town of Palm Beach is an incorporated town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
In the early 1900s the land owners agreed to evict all of the residents of the Styx -LRB- who moved to West Palm Beach -RRB- and Edward R. Bradley bought up much of this land .
The Intracoastal Waterway separates it from the cities of West Palm Beach and Lake Worth .
Flagler 's land for houses was bought by people active in the Gilded Age , and in 1902 Flagler himself built a Beaux-Arts mansion named Whitehall , designed by the New Yorkâ `` based firm CarrÃ re and Hastings and helped start the Palm Beach winter `` season '' by entertaining visitors .
An area known as the Styx housed many of the servants , most of whom were black .
Laubressel is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Lake City is a city of Florida in the United States . It is the county seat of Columbia County .
Some of the best known species are :
Sphingidae is a family of moths -LRB- Lepidoptera -RRB- , commonly known as hawk moths , sphinx moths and hornworms , that includes about 1,200 species -LRB- Grimaldi & Engel , 2005 -RRB- .
There are around 1200 species of hawk moth , classified into around 200 genera .
It is best represented in the tropics but there are species in every region -LRB- Scoble , 1995 -RRB- .
New Vienna is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mansehra lies directly to the north , but because it is a very hilly area the roads do not go straight - so Baldheri is on the road from Mansehra to Abbottabad city .
The population of Baldheri Union Council is 14,796 .
Baldheri is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area .
The village of Baldheri itself is situated at 34 Â 15 ' 0N 73 Â 12 ' 0E which is about 11km east of Abbottabad city center on the route towards Mansehra city on the main Mansehra Road .
Like much of the Abbottabad area it is a very beautiful place , with fresh water streams running down from the hills and mountains .
Qalandarabad is major town in Baldheri Union Council and is famous throughout Hazara for its Chapal Kebabs .
The main steam is called Mangal , and its water is very important for farming .
Baldheri has a height of 1143 metres -LRB- 3753 feet -RRB- , the Union Council is between Ferozabad village to Tanan Village and Mangal to Halmaira .
There are primary schools almost in every village .
Bach Christian Hospital is also located here in Baldheri UC , this hospital was very important during the 2005 Pakistan earthquake that struck the area , due to its location on the Karakoram Highway .
The Bach Christian Hospital is situated in the town .
The band was formed when Leslie West , formerly from the Long Island R&B band The Vagrants had recorded a solo album entitled Mountain -LRB- which was a reference to West 's one-time physical bulk -RRB- and had former Cream collaborator and bassist Felix Pappalardi producing it and former Remains drummer N.D. Smart .
Ivan RadeljiÄ -LRB- born 14 September 1980 -RRB- is a Bosnia and Herzegovina football player . He plays for GenÃ lerbirliÄ i and Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
He is the son of singers and performers Loudon Wainwright III and Kate McGarrigle . His sister Martha Wainwright is also a well known singer .
Wainwright made his first album in 1998 . It was called Rufus Wainwright .
Today Ivanovici is especially remembered for his waltz The Waves of the Danube , Donauwellen in German , in his lifetime he composed over 350 dances , and his works were published by over sixty publishing houses throughout the world .
Ion Ivanovici -LRB- alternatively , Iosif Ivanovici , Josef Ivanovici , baptised as Jovan IvanoviÄ -RRB- -LRB- born 1845 in TimiÅ oara , died September 28 , 1902 in Bucharest -RRB- was a Romanian military band leader and composer .
In 1889 , Ivanovici won the much-desired march prize to mark the World Exhibition in Paris , out of 116 entries .
Thenelles is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
During the attack , a blast from the explosion of gunpowder stored in Captain Jacobs 's house was heard in Pittsburgh , 44 miles away .
Kittanning is located along the Allegheny River .
In 1930 , there were 7,808 people ; in 1940 , 7,550 .
The playground on North Jefferson Street was formerly the Kittanning Cemetery ; 274 graves were moved in 1960 to a new cemetery on Troy Hill Road .
The amount of people living in Kittanning was 4,787 at the 2000 census .
In 1900 , 3,902 people lived in Kittanning , and in 1910 , there were 4,311 people living in the area .
Kittanning is the county seat of Armstrong County .
It is located 44 miles -LRB- 71 km -RRB- northeast of Pittsburgh , and is located by the Allegheny River .
Kittanning is a borough and the county seat of Armstrong County , Pennsylvania , United States .
In 1756 , the village was destroyed by John Armstrong , Sr. at the Battle of Kittanning during the French and Indian War .
After Wickboro became part of Kittanning , an estimated 10,000 people lived in Kittanning in 1914 .
Mason City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
BrebiÃ res is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
David Alexander Paterson -LRB- born May 20 , 1954 -RRB- is an American politician and the current Governor of New York . He is the first black governor of New York and the first legally blind governor of any state .
He is the first black governor of New York and the first legally blind governor of any state .
David Alexander Paterson -LRB- born May 20 , 1954 -RRB- is an American politician and the current Governor of New York .
Add this category following the template on pages or template on redirects .
Surnames of -LRB- -LRB- -RRB- -RRB- origin .
The county seat is Frederick .
Tillman County is a county that can be found in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population is 9,287 .
Colonfay is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Since they are chemical weapons , they are classified as weapons of mass destruction by the United Nations according to UN Resolution 687 .
Richland is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Runs batted in or RBI is a statistic used in baseball and softball to credit a batter when the outcome of his at-bat results in a run being scored , except in certain situations such as when an error is made on the play .
The official rulebook of Major League Baseball states in Rule 10.04 :
Braille is read by passing one 's fingers over characters made up of an arrangement of one to six embossed points .
Louis Braille , was born on January 4 , 1809 in a small French town , and died on January 6 , 1852 , was a French inventor who invented the script '' system , which helps blind people read .
It has been adapted to almost every known language .
This pseudocode outputs powers of two .
Cressin-Rochefort is a commune .
The Meselsonâ `` Stahl experiment was an experiment done by Matthew Meselson and Franklin Stahl . With their experiment , the two scientists could show that DNA replication was semiconservative .
Today it is famous for its many fine restaurants where typical Italian food is served .
The neighborhood is a tribute to the woman portuguese Felicidade Borges .
Two secular buildings and typical of Italian immigrants .
Santa Felicidade is one neighborhood of the city of Curitiba , ParanÃ , Brazil .
The Santa Felicidade neighborhood came into being in 1878 , when the first Italian immigrants arrived in ParanÃ .
Jessica Claire Biel -LRB- born March 3 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress and former fashion model best known for appearing in several Hollywood films such as Summer Catch , the remake of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Illusionist , as well as for her early television role of Mary Camden in the long-running family-drama series 7th Heaven .
On August 18 , 293 BC , the first temple to her was built . August 18 was then a festival called the Vinalia Rustica .
Venus is the Roman goddess of love and beauty . She was the Roman version of the Greek Aphrodite and Etruscan Turan .
Venus is the Roman goddess of love and beauty .
Julius Caesar introduced Venus Genetrix as a goddess of motherhood and domesticity .
Her cult began in Ardea and Lavinium , Latium .
Les Bons Villers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Krumbach , Bavaria -LRB- Krumbach -LRB- Swabia -RRB- , German : Krumbach -LRB- Schwaben -RRB- -RRB- is a town with about 12.500 persons in GÃ 1\/4 nzburg -LRB- district -RRB- in the Bavarian government region Swabia -LRB- Government Region -RRB- , Germany .
1156 : Krumbach was founded 1370 : the village got the right to hold a market 1305-1805 : Krumbach was part of the Margraviate of Burgau , a part of Austria -LRB- the colors of the coat of arms -LRB- red and white -RRB- show the colors of Austria until today -RRB- 1805 : Krumbach became Bavarian 1895 : Krumbach became a town 1902 : the neighboring village HÃ 1\/4 rben , a village with many Jewish persons became part of the town Krumbach until 1972 : Krumbach was the capital of Krumbach , Swabia -LRB- district -RRB- The villages Attenhausen , Edenhausen , Billenhausen , Hirschfelden , Hohenraunau and Niederraunau became in the years between 1972 and 1978 part of the municipality Krumbach .
Cities near Krumbach are Ulm -LRB- 40 kilometres northwest from Krumbach -RRB- , Augsburg -LRB- 48 kilometres east from Krumbach -RRB- and Munich -LRB- 120 kilometres east from Krumbach -RRB- . Towns near Krumbach are GÃ 1\/4 nzburg -LRB- 27 kilometres north from Krumbach -RRB- , Mindelheim -LRB- 30 kilometres south from Krumbach -RRB- and Memmingen -LRB- 40 kilometres southwest from Krumbach -RRB- .
During World War II , Port Vila was an American and Australian airbase .
In 1987 , a tropical cyclone severely damaged the city .
`` Banyan '' often refers to the Indian Banyan or Ficus benghalensis , the National tree of India . The term actually includes all figs which share their epiphytic life cycle .
Any Ficus species showing this habit may be termed a strangler fig .
Like other Fig species -LRB- which includes the common edible fig Ficus carica -RRB- , banyans have unique fruit structures and are dependent on fig wasps for reproduction .
As the leaf develops the scales fall .
The seeds germinate and send down roots towards the ground . These roots may envelop -LRB- cover -RRB- part of the host tree or building structure , when they get the casual name of `` strangler fig '' .
The leaves of Banyan tree are large , leathery , glossy green and elliptical in shape .
Young leaves have an attractive reddish tinge .
Like most of the fig-trees , the leaf bud is covered by two large scales .
The seeds of banyans are dispersed by fruit-eating birds .
Old trees can spread out laterally using these prop roots to cover a wide area .
The `` strangling '' growth habit is found in a number of tropical forest species , particularly of the genus Ficus , that compete for light .
Older banyan trees have aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which , with age , can become indistinguishable from the main trunk .
Helfaut is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
EphraÃ m Inoni -LRB- born 16 August , 1947 -RRB- is the former Prime Minister of Cameroon , a country in central west Africa .
The United Kingdom kept them because of the important location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea .
Akrotiri and Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus that are used as military bases of the United Kingdom .
Akrotiri and Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus that are used as military bases of the United Kingdom . The bases were kept by the UK after Cyprus changed from being a colony in the British Empire , to being an independent republic .
Katsuhiro Kusaki -LRB- born 12 April 1962 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
When the Ottoman Empire collapsed after the First World War , AtatÃ 1\/4 rk organised the Nationalist movement that established the modern secular Republic of Turkey .
Visitors to Turkey are often surprised by the importance given to AtatÃ 1\/4 rk in present-day Turkey .
When the Ottoman Empire collapsed after the First World War , AtatÃ 1\/4 rk organised the Nationalist movement that established the modern secular Republic of Turkey . Visitors to Turkey are often surprised by the importance given to AtatÃ 1\/4 rk in present-day Turkey .
The Ford Ka is a very small car made by the Ford Motor Company in Spain , Poland and Brazil .
The car is build in cooperation with Fiat , the technic is the same as used in the Fiat 500 .
There are about 30,622 people living there .
`` Coahoma '' is a Choctaw word that means `` red panther . ''
It was started on February 9 , 1836 .
It 's capital is Clarksdale .
Coahoma County is a county located in the north-western part of Mississippi .
The network has also become a launching point for the music videos of pop musician\/children 's performers like Laurie Berkner , Lisa Loeb and Dan Zanes , initially as filler between 23-minute-long shows run commercial-free , and -LRB- because of their success in that format -RRB- now as music video shows like Move to the Music .
Tiny Planets was previously shown intermittently â '' but not every day â '' at 6:00 AM Eastern\/5 :00 AM Central , as Tweenies was for a year until it was pulled .
As of September 2 , 2007 , Fox Noggin no longer airs any show produced by Sesame Workshop -LRB- it has since premiered Pinky Dinky Doo , which is a Fox Noggin Original produced by Sesame Workshop and it had both new and old episodes , 2007-present -RRB- .
In addition to classic episodes of Nickelodeon favorites such as Blue 's Clues and Dora the Explorer , and original shows such as Oobi and Jack 's Big Music Show , many preschool-oriented shows originating from non-U.S. English-speaking countries that would otherwise not likely be seen on American TV are shown .
Also , when Sesame Workshopâ s classic shows -LRB- such as The Electric Company -RRB- aired on Fox Noggin , they had to be edited for running time .
This channel features the animated characters of Moose A. Moose -LRB- a moose -RRB- and Zee -LRB- a blue bird -RRB- . It is one of Nickelodeon 's sister channels , concentrating on preschool programs .
However , they have also recently introduced The Upside Down Show , which is from Australia -LRB- though like the British Tiny Planets , has American origins via Sesame Workshop -RRB- .
Fox Noggin Channel was originally created as a joint venture between Viacom 's Nickelodeon , News Corporation and the Children 's Television Workshop -LRB- now Sesame Workshop -RRB- , but Sesame Workshop 's interest was sold to Nickelodeon in 2002 .
From 1999 until 2002 , Fox Noggin Channel was targeted at preteens .
The network takes its name from a slang term for â brainâ -LRB- see noggin -RRB- , reflecting its original purpose as an educational channel .
However , in 2006 , this is being de-emphasized ; Tweenies was permanently pulled from the schedule in January , and Tiny Planets was pulled in April 2006 .
Since July 2006 this is also being done with 64 Zoo Lane , suggesting that it too may disappear eventually -LRB- however , unlike the other two shows , they also sometimes are showing it at 7:00 AM Eastern\/6 :00 AM Central -RRB- .
On December 31 , 2007 , Fox Noggin 's sister channel , Nickelodeon GAS , left the satellite and digital cable channel lineups , and moved to the online-only TurboNick , with Fox Noggin at Nite taking over Nick GAS 's channel position after splitting from Fox Noggin Channel .
Some examples include Franklin from Canada and Tweenies , Connie the Cow , Tiny Planets , and 64 Zoo Lane from the UK .
Until the Fall of 2003 , the network aired classic episodes of Sesame Street , as well as classic Sesame Workshop productions such as 3-2-1 Contact , Square One TV , Cro , and The Electric Company .
Fox Noggin Channel is a cable television network in the United States , intended to help children learn .
The channel 's other revenues presumably come from fees paid by cable television distributors .
From April 1 , 2002 thru December 31 , 2007 , The channel had only aired between 5:00 am and 10:00 pm EST\/2 :00 am and 7:00 pm PCT with Fox Noggin at Nite airing thru the rest of the channel 's airtime .
Starting in 2002 , Fox Noggin Channel was now targeted at pre-schoolers , the format was changed , due to low ratings .
Technically , Fox Noggin Channel does not show commercials , but it has shown ads and billboards for products such as Kellogg 's Mud N ' Bugs Cereal , and Lego 's Explorer Line of Toys , as well as other `` tie-in '' media such as a music video that tied in with the film Curious George , and spots for airings of shows on other channels within the Nick family .
Denis DeJordy -LRB- born November 12 , 1938 , in Saint-Hyacinthe , Quebec , Canada -RRB- , is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Denis DeJordy was a goaltender with the Chicago Black Hawks , Los Angeles Kings , Montreal Canadiens and Detroit Red Wings over 12 seasons in the National Hockey League .
He shared the Vezina Trophy with Glenn Hall in 1967 .
During the 1966 â `` 1967 season he played 44 games , posting a 2.46 Goals Against Average .
He played goal for four NHL teams , most notably the Chicago Black Hawks .
In 1879 , Wundt founded the one of first formal laboratory for psychological research at the University of Leipzig , and the first journal for psychological research in 1881 .
Together with William James , he is regarded as the father of psychology .
Wilhelm Maximilian Wundt -LRB- August 16 1832 - August 31 1920 -RRB- was a German medical doctor , psychologist , physiologist , and professor .
According to the Chilean census on 2002 , Vitacura has an area of 28.3 k and 81,499 inhabitants .
La Calotterie is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th edition of the championship .
Yuya Iwadate -LRB- born 25 May 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Lincolnshire is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The highest temperature ever recorded was 45.5 Â C -LRB- 113.9 Â F -RRB- on 2 June 1966 . The lowest recorded temperature was 1.1 Â C -LRB- 43 Â F -RRB- on 8 January 1946 .
But soon the Nizam had to sign an Instrument of Accession to the Union of India so that Hyderabad becomes a part of India .
On November 1 , 1956 , the province of Hyderabad was divided into Karnataka , Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh on the basis of language .
Hyderabad has a wet and dry climate . The monsoon or rainy season is from late June until early October .
So , Hyderabad came into the Telugu speaking community and thus became the capital of Andhra Pradesh .
Hyderabad became a princely state in 1947 . Before that , it was under British rule .
Please do not modify it .
No further edits should be made to this page .
Subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page -LRB- such as the talk page of either this nomination or the nominated user -RRB- .
Please do not modify it .
The above adminship discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion .
The following discussion is preserved as an archive of a successful request for adminship , request for bureaucratship , or request for checkusership .
This template will categorize into .
Under the pressure of local government , Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich had to stopping using his title and rid himself of all his possessions that were brought from Petrograd .
Duke Aleksandr Ter Hachatrjan -LRB- around 1870-1917 -RRB- was born as an Armenian aristocrat . He also belonged to the Russian nobility .
He married Barinova Elena Aleksandrovna .
The Ter Hachatrjan family felt under the repression of NKVD in 1937 .
Bagrat Aleksandrovich lost his brother Anton Alekjsandrovich .
During the revolution in Petrograd in 1917 , Duke Aleksandr and his wife were killed by the Bolsheviks .
Duke Anton Aleksandrovich appeared in the city Rostov on Don .
They had no children .
The children of the family Ter Hachatrjan escaped from Petrograd and went to Caucasus .
They were arrested and placed in jail .
The descendents of the family are living in the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
They had two sons together :
Amalia Bagratovna married Saidoff N.S. , a rich man from Baku .
He married the Greek Duchess Sofia .
The family felt under the amnesty .
In the year 1932 , Duke Bagrat Aleksandrovich married Petrachuk Olga Alekseevna , the daughter of merchant .
Ter Hachatrjan -LRB- Russian : Ð cents Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð 1\/2 -RRB- is the name of a Russian noble family during the 18th century .
Since this time , all the descendents of the Ter Hachatrjan family are named as Saidoffâ `` Ter Hachatrjan .
The band was officially formed in 1999 , known at that time as Imagica , a name taken from a novel by Clive Barker .
The Birthday Massacre is a synthpop band , based in Toronto , Canada .
Buenos Aires city is also known as Capital Federal to differentiate the city from the Buenos Aires Province .
La Capelle is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Beugny is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The EMUs were equipped with a single diamond-shaped pantograph , mounted over the driver 's cab and adjacent guard 's compartment at the outer end of one of the driving carriages -LRB- unlike other British EMUs , where the pantograph is mounted over one of the middle carriages -RRB- .
The British Rail Class 506 was a 3 carriage Electric Multiple Unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- built for local services between Manchester , Glossop and Hadfield on the Woodhead Line .
Maremma is an area in Italy , consisting of part of southern Tuscany and some part of northern Lazio .
Madirac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Major depressive disorder is also referred to as major , biochemical , clinical , endogenous , or biological depression . It may also be called unipolar affective disorder .
However , admirals have always needed a special place ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .
A flagship is the ship used by the officer who commanded a group of naval ships . The term comes from the custom of the commanding officer to fly a special flag to show he was present .
Rake is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The first known Brickfilm was called `` The Magic Portal '' . It was made 1980 â `` 1989 in Perth , Western Australia by Lindsay Fleay .
Campagne-l Ã s-Boulonnais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
DÃ ttingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman -LRB- born February 21 , 1946 -RRB- is an English actor and theater director .
Rickman is known for being in filma as Hans Gruber in Die Hard , as Severus Snape in the Harry Potter film series , as Eamon de Valera in Michael Collins , and as Metatron in Dogma .
He is a well known stage actor in modern and classical productions and he used to be a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
They are based in Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
The Barrie Colts are a hockey team in the OHL . They are based in Barrie , Ontario , Canada .
The Barrie Colts are a hockey team in the OHL .
Radcliffe is a city of Iowa in the United States .
This meeting then added the Canons of Dort to two other documents , the Belgic Confession and the Heidelberg Catechism , which were both commonly used by the Dutch Church at this time .
From 1618 to 1619 , the Dutch government , acting for the Dutch Reformed Church , called a series of meetings that would come to be called the Synod of Dort .
Members from the Netherlands and twenty-seven members from eight other countries met at this Synod to discuss and come to an agreement on their views . This agreement is known as the `` Canons of Dort . ''
The Three Forms of Unity is the name that is given to the Belgic Confession , the Canons of Dort , and the Heidelberg Catechism . These three works , that are about the doctrinal concerns of Continental Calvinism , are considered official statements of Church doctrine by many of the Reformed churches .
The Council of Constance was a council in the 15th century . It was held between 1414 and 1418 .
The thorax is a part of an animal 's body that is between the head and the abdomen .
It starts from the neck and stop at the diaphragm .
In mammals , the parts that make up the thorax are the sternum , the thoracic vertebrae and the ribs .
Marcos Alberto Skavinski -LRB- born 28 March 1975 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Bruay-la-Buissi Ã re is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Spain took over Guam in 1668 , and it was an important place for Spanish delivery boats every year going between Mexico and the Philippines , known as the Manila Galleon .
Even though the Northern Mariana Islands were also taken over by America , they still feel different from the Chamorro people on Guam .
Because it is only a territory , federal income taxes paid by Guam residents are given to the Guam government for its operations .
A few others want Guam to be a U.S. State , or for Guam to be its own country .
The Angelic Upstarts are an anti-fascist Oi !
punk rock band who started in South Shields , North-East England in 1977 .
He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
Yoshiya Takemura -LRB- born 6 December 1973 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Aurel is a commune of 158 people -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Tetsuya Oishi -LRB- born 26 November 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The city of LÃ ogÃ cents ne is located at around .
LÃ ogÃ cents ne is the name of both a coastal city and a district in Ouest Department , Haiti .
LÃ ogÃ cents ne is the birthplace of the TaÃ no queen Anacaona -LRB- the town was originally called the Amerindian name Yaguana and the city 's name is a corruption of that -RRB- and of Marie-Claire Heureuse FÃ licitÃ , the wife of the Haitian revolutionary Jean-Jacques Dessalines -LRB- 1758 -RRB- .
The city of LÃ ogÃ cents ne is located at around . The arrondissement of LÃ ogÃ cents ne contains three communes : Petit-Go Ã cents ve , Grand-Go Ã cents ve , and the city of LÃ ogÃ cents ne .
Mussaurus -LRB- meaning `` mouse lizard '' -RRB- was a small , early , plant-eating prosauropod dinosaur that lived in southern Argentina during the Late Triassic Period , about 215 million years ago .
It gets its name from the small size of the skeletons discovered so far .
Statutory law is written law -LRB- as opposed to oral or customary law -RRB- set down by a legislature or other governing authority such as the executive branch of government in response to a need to clarify the functioning of government , improve civil order , answer a public need , to codify existing law , or for an individual or company to obtain special treatment .
New Wave -LRB- or New Wave music -RRB- is a style of rock music that developed in the late 1970s and early 1980s . New wave music was inspired by the punk rock movement .
Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland is an action role-playing video game made by Vanpool for the Nintendo DS game console .
Freshly-Picked Tingle 's Rosy Rupeeland is an action role-playing video game made by Vanpool for the Nintendo DS game console . It 's the first game starring Tingle and the first The Legend of Zelda spin-off .
Tijani Babangida -LRB- born 25 September 1973 -RRB- is a former Nigerian football player .
Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies , organizations , governments and people .
ArdÃ che -LRB- Occitan and Arpitan : Ardecha -RRB- is a department in the center of southern France . It was named after the ArdÃ che River .
His biggest international success was `` Happiness Is Just Around the Bend '' in 1983 , which has in recent times been sampled by several R&B artists , as well as hitting the charts again as a remix by UK Hardcore Rave pranksters\/genii Altern-8 in 1991 .
Cuba Gooding , Sr. -LRB- born April 27 , 1944 , in New York City , New York -RRB- is the lead singer of the soul group The Main Ingredient , most notable for its two biggest hits , `` Everybody Plays the Fool '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and `` Just Do n't Want to Be Lonely '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- .
Gooding also had a brief solo career on Motown Records during the late-1970s and early-1980s .
Out of Control was a 2008 album by Girls Aloud .
Shade runs off but runs into Marina , whom he feared had been killed . They soon escape after Goth and Throbb are shot by darts from a human flying machine , which is actually an airplane .
Silverwing is the second installment of the Silverwing series , following the prequel Darkwing .
Soon Shade realizes the truth when he sees Throbb eating a Brightwing .
The first book has been made into a successful 13 episode , animated television mini-series , shown on the Canadian cable channel Teletoon and currently being shown on Toon Disney 's Jetix .
She had lost her mate , Cassiel , before Shade was born .
These episodes have also been strung together to make 3 movies .
Marina believes that Goth and Throbb should not be trusted , but Shade trusts them since they saved them from the owl .
The whole series is now available on DVD .
The tone and artistic honor of this series of bestsellers has been compared to the classic animal novel Watership Down .
Shade and Marina meet up with Shade 's group , telling stories of what had happened to them .
While the False Vampires sleep , Shade and Marina escape . They are chased by owls , then by Goth and Throbb .
Silverwing is a best-selling novel , written by Kenneth Oppel , published in 1997 by Simon & Schuster It tells the story of a group of silverwing bats .
They are chased by owls , then by Goth and Throbb .
Shade and Chinook become friends later in the story .
Shade suggests that he can find his group first and they can help Goth in his search for his homeland . Marina believes that Goth and Throbb should not be trusted , but Shade trusts them since they saved them from the owl .
They are soon being beaten by the pigeons . The reason is that `` two giant cannibal bats '' have killed a few pigeons , and Shade and Marina are being held responsible for the killings .
Chinook is Shade 's competitor and the biggest and strongest newborn of the group .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population is 6,818 .
Its county seat is Waurika .
The United States presidential election of 1992 was on November 3 , 1992 in the United States . The three main people running were : George H. W. Bush , a Republican from Texas and the President ; Bill Clinton , who was a Democrat and Governor of Arkansas ; and Ross Perot an Independent candidate .
Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , with a population of c. 42,000 .
The Euclidean algorithm is an algorithm . It can be used to find the biggest number that divides two other numbers -LRB- the greatest common divisor of two numbers -RRB- .
Alexander Joan Cuza -LRB- a common English rendition of Alexandru Ioan Cuza ; March 20 , 1820 â `` May 15 , 1873 -RRB- was a Moldavian-born Romanian politician who ruled as the first Domnitor of the United Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia between 1859 and 1866 .
Like other Pooh characters , Tigger is based on one of Christopher Robin Milne 's stuffed animals .
It was originally introduced in A. A. Milne 's book The House at Pooh Corner .
As he says himself , `` Bouncing is what Tiggers do best . ''
He is easily recognized by his orange and black stripes , beady eyes , a long chin , springy tail , and his bouncy personality .
Let There Be Rock is a studio album by the Australian hard rock band AC\/DC . It was released on June 23 , 1977 .
The Parliament of Pakistan , officially known as Majlis-e-Shoora -LRB- Urdu : Ù
Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Û -RRB- -LRB- Council of Advisors in Urdu and Persian , although referred to as `` Parliament '' -RRB- is the federal and supreme legislative body of Pakistan .
It is bicameral federal legislature of Pakistan that consists of the Senate -LRB- upper house -RRB- and the National Assembly -LRB- lower house -RRB- .
He concluded that people apply the term game to a range of different human activities that are only related a little bit .
Ludwig Wittgenstein was probably the first academic philosopher to address the definition of the word game .
In his Philosophical Investigations , Wittgenstein demonstrated that the elements -LRB- parts -RRB- of games , such as play , rules , and competition , all fail to correctly define what games are .
Crawford 's definition may thus be rendered as : an interactive , goal-oriented activity , active agents to play against , in which players -LRB- including active agents -RRB- can interfere with each other .
Its relative minor is -LRB- -LRB- A-sharp minor A minor -RRB- -RRB- , and its parallel minor is -LRB- -LRB- C-sharp minor C minor -RRB- -RRB- .
When a harp is tuned to C-sharp major , it has all its pedals in the bottom position .
Most composers prefer to use the enharmonic equivalent D-flat major because it has just five flats . However , Johann Sebastian Bach actually chose C-sharp major for Prelude and Fugue No. 3 in both books of the Well-Tempered Clavier .
Louis Vierne used C-sharp major in the final piece of Messe solennelle .
In Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6 , Franz Liszt changes key from D-flat major to C-sharp major near the beginning of the piece .
Its enharmonic equivalent is -LRB- -LRB- D-flat major D major -RRB- -RRB- .
Maurice Ravel used C-sharp major as the tonic key of Ondine from his piano suite Gaspard de la nuit .
He won the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with Henry Hallett Dale , for their discoveries about chemical transmission of nerve impulses
Otto Loewi -LRB- June 3 , 1873 - December 25 , 1961 -RRB- was an German doctor .
Of all the twelve trials , this was the one that lasted longest and ended last .
The Ministries Trial -LRB- or , officially , The United States of America vs. Ernst von WeizsÃ cker , et al . -RRB- was the eleventh of the twelve trials for war crimes the US authorities held in their occupation zone in Germany in Nuremberg after the end of World War II .
The indictment was filed on November 15 , 1947 ; the hearings lasted from January 6 , 1948 until November 18 that year , and then the judges took a whole five months to compile their 833-page judgment , which they presented on April 11 , 1949 .
The defendants in this case were officials of various Reich ministries , facing various charges for their jobs in Nazi Germany and responsibility for the numerous atrocities committed both in Germany and in occupied countries during the war .
Of the 21 defendants arraigned , two were acquitted , the others were found guilty on at least one count of the indictment and received prison sentences ranging from three years including time served to 25 years ' imprisonment .
The Chief of Counsel for the Prosecution was Telford Taylor ; the chief prosecutor was Robert Kempner .
Herbert Ernst Backe , the former minister for agriculture who should also have been tried , committed suicide on April 6 , 1947 while in custody awaiting the trial .
The judges in this case , heard before Military Tribunal IV , were William C. Christianson -LRB- presiding judge -RRB- from Minnesota , Robert F. Maguire from Oregon , and Leon W. Powers from Iowa .
This case is also known as the Wilhelmstrasse Trial , because the German Foreign Office was on the Wilhelmstrasse in Berlin .
These twelve trials are known as the `` Subsequent Nuremberg Trials '' or , more formally , as the `` Trials of War Criminals before the Nuremberg Military Tribunals '' -LRB- NMT -RRB- .
The sentences were handed down on April 13 , 1949 .
Stuckart was tried again in 1950 before a denazification court and sentenced as a MitlÃ ufer -LRB- follower -RRB- a fine of DM 50,000 .
The Reel Me is the third DVD by American singer Jennifer Lopez , released in November 2003 .
Ernes is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Progressive bluegrass is a type of bluegrass music which became popular in the 1960s and 1970s .
The four important elements -LRB- not always all present -RRB- of progressive bluegrass are instrumentation -LRB- usually including electric instruments , drums , piano , and more -RRB- , songs imported or styles imitated from other musical genres -LRB- like jazz , rock and others -RRB- , non-traditional chord progressions , and lengthy `` jam band '' - style improvisation .
The London Borough of Havering is a east London borough .
The London Borough of Havering is a east London borough . Romford is the major center .
Izanagi followed her there and when he returned , he washed himself , creating Amaterasu , Susanoo , and Tsukuyomi . -LRB- See Japanese mythology . -RRB-
According to Kojiki . The entrance to Yomi was blocked by Izanagi when he returned to Earth , using a great boulder -LRB- Chibiki-no-Iwa å å 1\/4 ã å -RRB- at the base of the slope that leads to Yomi -LRB- Yomotsu Hirasaka é '' æ å å -RRB- .
Yomi is ruled over by Izanami no Mikoto , the Grand Deity of Yomi -LRB- Yomotsu - Å kami é '' æ å ç -RRB- .
Yomi -LRB- é '' æ -RRB- , the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits . According to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to exist and rot forever .
Yomi is similar to Hades or Hell . In the Shintoist tradition , Yomi is known because Izanami retreated to that place after her death .
When one eats at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
Neuvillette , Aisne is a commune .
Vongnes is a commune .
In 2004 , there were 5,761 people living there .
Fort Meade is a city of Florida in the United States .
Any problem that is in NP can be changed so that to the Boolean satisfiability theorem . On a deterministic Turing machine this takes polynomial time .
An important consequence of the theorem is that if there exists a deterministic polynomial time algorithm for solving Boolean satisfiability , then there exists a deterministic polynomial time algorithm for solving all problems in NP .
The Cookâ `` Levin theorem is a theorem from theoretical computer science , which says that the Boolean satisfiability problem is NP-complete .
The question of whether such an algorithm exists is called the P versus NP problem and it is widely considered the most important unsolved problem in theoretical computer science .
Kenneth George Black -LRB- born 29 November 1963 -RRB- is a former professional footballer and current manager of Scottish club Airdrie United F.C. .
Milton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Shigeharu Ueki -LRB- born 13 September 1954 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Juan Luis Mora -LRB- born 12 July 1973 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Marvel used to be a company called Timely Comics in the 1940s and then Atlas Comics in the 1950s . The first comic published with the name `` Marvel Comics '' was Fantastic Four # 1 in November , 1961 .
Henry III -LRB- 1 October 1207 â `` 16 November 1272 -RRB- became King of England in 1216 when he was less than ten years old .
Furthermore , they are of economic importance to Australia 's nursery and cut flower industries .
However these plants are threatened by a number of processes including land clearing , frequent burning and disease , and a number of species are rare and endangered .
They are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes ; -LRB- occasionally -RRB- rainforest , shrubland , and some more arid landscapes , though not in Australia 's deserts .
Banksia is a genus of plants common to Australia , they were named after Joseph Banks . The Banksia are noted for there unique flowering .
As Australian wildflowers and popular garden plants , they are easily recognized by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting `` cones '' and can vary from woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres tall .
They are an important food source for all sorts of nectariferous animals , including birds , bats , rats , possums and a host of invertebrates .
Heavy producers of nectar , banksias form a vital part of the food chain in the Australian bush .
It is a genus of around 80 species in the plant family Proteaceae .
In art , a vanishing point is the point in a perspective drawing where lines that are not parallel to the main subject of the painting come together .
Vitamin K is a vitamin which is soluble in fat .
Their thick , shimmery fur sparkles with tiny lights ; their Kewpie doll style heads are hairless and feature big eyes with rows of lights for eyebrows .
The Boohball , a glowing white ball , is where the Boohbahs live , and it appears out of nowhere in various parts of the show .
It travels from country to country when it is called by children .
There are 104 twenty-five minute episodes .
They do not speak .
Though they sometimes exhibit frustration or confusion , the Storypeople rarely , if ever , appear upset or sad .
Inside the Boohball is a spinning recharging pod , where the Boohbahs recharge energy .
The Boohbahs are five furry , gumdrop-shaped creatures played by actors in full body costumes .
The Storypeople are a diverse group of familial characters who inhabit Storyland and there participate in various innocent vignettes inspired by the presents -LRB- see below -RRB- .
They do not speak , but instead make noises like squeaks , squeals , and clicks . The Boohbahs can retract their heads into their furry necks .
The official website -LRB- www.boohbah.com -RRB- describes them as `` five magical atoms of power . ''
Boohbah is a 2003 children 's television program produced by Ragdoll Productions . It was made for children between three and six years old .
This show and Teletubbies are remarkably similar -LRB- For example , both have a `` science fiction '' theme -RRB- .
Boohbah is also shown in the Netherlands on Nick Jr. .
One of the show 's trademarks is a child 's voice pronouncing the show 's name in sing-song -LRB- BOOH ... BAH -RRB- .
Each Boohbah is a different color .
It resembles five deep spoons with the handles linked , or , alternately , the hammocks resemble five fig halves .
It premiered in April 2003 on ITV in the United Kingdom , and on 19 January 2004 in the United States on PBS , made by Anne Wood with scripts by Alan Dapre and Robin Stevens .
The Storyland segments are narrated by actor Chris Langham .
Anne Wood also made the children 's show Teletubbies .
`` Boohbah '' means `` doll '' in Hebrew , but it 's not known if this influenced the name of the show , or even if the creators are aware of this .
The energy is created by the laughter of the children when playing with the Boohbahs , the Boohball , and the Storypeople .
-LRB- When Little Dog Fido appears , he gives an `` arf ! '' -RRB-
The show can be seen in the USA on PBS Kids in HD .
They exist as wholesome archetypes .
In each episode the Storypeople magically receive an object sent to them by a child or group of children .
One of the common features in Boohbah is the Boohball .
The website says , `` The design of the show - visually and otherwise , draws upon early concepts in science , maths and art and combines these with â televisual magicâ to create a uniquely funny television experience . ''
Ali Amrozi bin Haji Nurhasyim -LRB- also known as Amrozi -RRB- -LRB- July 5 , 1962 - November 9 , 2008 -RRB- was an Indonesian who was convicted for his part in the 2002 Bali bombing .
The Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka -LRB- in Sinhala in Tamil -RRB- is a tropical island nation off the southeast coast of the Indian subcontinent .
Sri Lanka has 9 provinces .
South Portland is a small town in Maine right across the water from Portland .
5,128 m. \/ 16,824 ft. -RRB- is a high-altitude , non-technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan .
At the pass , the Biafo Glacier -LRB- 63 km .
long -RRB- and Hispar Glacier -LRB- 49 km long -RRB- meet to form the world 's longest glacial traverse outside of the polar regions , 100 kilometers in length .
Hispar Pass -LRB- or Hispar La -RRB- -LRB- el .
Arnold Josef RosÃ -LRB- October 24 , 1863 â `` August 25 , 1946 -RRB- was a famous violinist .
He was the leader -LRB- concertmaster -RRB- of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra for 50 years .
He like to play string quartets and he got together with three other players to make up the RosÃ Quartet . They were very good and for more than half a century people said they were the best string quartet in Europe .
Season in progress .
Season in progress .
As Alguersuari was a guest driver , he was ineligible to score points .
Alguersuari is the first driver born in the 1990s to compete in Formula One .
Jaime VÃ ctor Alguersuari Escudero -LRB- born March 23 , 1990 in Barcelona -RRB- , is a Spanish racing driver . He became the youngest Formula One driver in history at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
The following teams and drivers competed in the 2000 FIA Formula One World Championship .
Lagarde-Par Ã ol is a commune of 297 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
The Pale Kangaroo Mouse burrows only in fine sand , while the Dark Kangaroo Mouse prefers fine , gravelly soils but may also burrow in sand or sandy soil .
A kangaroo mouse is either one of the two species of jumping mouse -LRB- genus Microdipodops -RRB- native to the deserts of the Southwestern United States . Most of them can be found in the state of Nevada .
Kangaroo mice are nocturnal , and are most active in the two hours following sunset .
The kangaroo mice are closely related to the kangaroo rats , which belong to the same subfamily , Dipodomyinae .
Interestingly , the mouse never drinks water , instead deriving it metabolically from the foods it eats .
They are believed to hibernate during cold weather .
The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large stocks in their burrows . These burrows are excavated to a length of between 3 and 8 feet -LRB- 1 to 2.5 meters -RRB- .
The name `` kangaroo mouse '' refers to the species ' extraordinary jumping ability , as well as its habit of bipedal locomotion .
The burrow , the entrance to which the mouse covers during daylight hours , is also used to raise litters of between 2 and 7 young .
The Dark Kangaroo Mouse is also known to feed occasionally on insects and carrion .
Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems . They forage for seeds and vegetation amongst the scrub brush of their native habitat .
The two species are :
Kazimierz Fajans -LRB- b. 27 May 1887 in Warsaw , Poland ; d. 18 May 1975 in Ann Arbor , Michigan , USA -RRB- was an American physical chemist of Polish origin and a pioneer in the science of radioactivity .
As of 2008 , Jack Brabham 's 1966 drivers ' championship remains the only victory by a car bearing the driver 's own name .
Midway through the 1992 season , the team collapsed financially as Middlebridge was unable to make repayments against loans provided by Landhurst Leasing .
It also ran a racing team in Formula One . It was founded in 1960 by two Australians , driver Jack Brabham and designer Ron Tauranac .
During this period , teams using Brabham cars won championships in Formula Two and Formula Three and competed in the Indianapolis 500 .
Motor Racing Developments Ltd. , commonly known as Brabham , was a British company that built racing cars . It also ran a racing team in Formula One .
Ecclestone sold the team in 1988 .
British businessman Bernie Ecclestone owned Brabham during most of the 1970s and 1980s , and later become responsible for administrating the commercial aspects of Formula One .
The team won two more Formula One drivers ' championships in the 1980s with Brazilian Nelson Piquet , and became the first to win a drivers ' championship with a turbocharged car .
In the 1970s and 1980s , Brabham introduced innovations such as the controversial but successful ` fan car ' , in-race refuelling , carbon brakes , and hydropneumatic suspension .
It was founded in 1960 by two Australians , driver Jack Brabham and designer Ron Tauranac . The team won four drivers ' and two constructors ' world championships in its 30-year Formula One history .
The case was investigated by the UK Serious Fraud Office .
Its last owner was the Middlebridge Group , a Japanese engineering firm .
Brabham was the world 's largest manufacturer of customer open wheel racing cars in the 1960s , and had built more than 500 cars by 1970 .
Games in the Grand Theft Auto series .
ChessBase GmbH is a German company that markets chess software . It also has a chess news website , and uses a server for online chess .
Anoxic events occur when the Earth 's oceans become completely depleted of oxygen -LRB- O2 -RRB- below the surface levels .
Although anoxic events have not happened for millions of years , the geological record shows that they happened many times in the past .
There are several places on earth today that show the features of anoxic events on a localized level .
` Dead zones ' exist off the East Coast of the United States in the Chesapeake Bay , in the Scandinavian strait Kattegat , the Black Sea , in the northern Adriatic and off the coast of Louisiana .
It is believed oceanic anoxic events are strongly linked to climate warming and greenhouse gases .
They may be called Oceanic anoxic events or Deep ocean anoxic events .
Anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
Typically , oceanic anoxic events last for under half a million years , before a full recovery .
These mass extinctions were so characteristic that they have been used by geologists as markers in biostratigraphic dating .
He was Lord Chancellor , once from June 1475 to September 1475 and then again from October 1485 to March 1487 .
John Alcock -LRB- c. 1430 â `` 1 October 1500 -RRB- was an English churchman .
Alcock died on 1 October 1500 and lies buried in the Alcock Chantry in Ely Cathedral .
He founded a charity at Beverley and a grammar school at Kingston upon Hull , he restored many churches and colleges ; but his greatest achievement was the building of Jesus College , Cambridge .
Alcock was one of the leading pre-Reformation churchman ; he was a man of deep learning and also a great architect .
He became Bishop of Rochester on 15 March , Bishop of Worcester on 15 July 1476 and of Ely on 6 October 1486 .
In 1461 he was made dean of Westminster , and his subsequent promotion was rapid in both church and state .
He was born at Beverley in Yorkshire , son of Sir William Alcock , Burgess of Kingston upon Hull and educated at Cambridge .
In 1461 he was made Master of the Rolls , and in 1470 was sent as ambassador to the court of Castile .
Campton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Since 1980 , the chert has been examined by the MÃ 1\/4 nster group , and from 1987 by Aberdeen University . They showed the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting .
They showed the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting . Cores were drilled in 1988 and 1997 .
The chert was formed when silica-rich water from volcanic springs rose and rapidly petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem in situ . Organisms are petrified that way by hot springs today , although that quality of preservation has not been found in recent deposits .
The chert is exposed near the village of Rhynie , Aberdeenshire , Scotland . A second unit , the Windyfield chert , is located some 700 m away .
Hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 C before it reached the fossilised organisms .
The Rhynie chert is an Lower Devonian sedimentary deposit , part of the Old Red Sandstone . It has extraordinary fossil details , and is a LagerstÃ tte .
The chert was discovered by William Mackie while mapping the western margin of the Rhynie basin in 1910 â `` 1913 .
The deposits are interbedded with sands , shales and tuffs , which speaks of local volcanic activity .
Deposition was very rapid .
The Rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
The oldest known insect -LRB- Rhyniognatha hirsti -RRB- , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the Rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the Silurian period .
The Nhá t Lá '' River is a river in Ä á '' `` ng Há '' i City , Quang Binh Province , Vietnam .
The Piperaceae , also known as the pepper family , is a large family of flowering plants .
The vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera : Piper -LRB- 2000 species -RRB- and Peperomia -LRB- 1600 species -RRB- .
The group contains roughly 3,610 currently accepted species in five genera .
Brissago is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It was early-days Moog work and it did take a bit of time '' .
I 've got some thoughts on this one . '
I remember George saying , ` You 've taken three days , it 's only a song . '
For the studio version of the song , the anvil was played by Starr ; in the Beatles film Let It Be , however , Mal Evans is seen hitting the anvil as the Beatles play the track .
The song was completed on August 6 , when McCartney recorded a solo on a Moog synthesizer .
`` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' is my analogy for when something goes wrong out of the blue , as it so often does , as I was beginning to find out at that time in my life .
`` In the past I may have written tongue-in-cheek , like ` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer ' , and dealt with matters of fate in a kind of comical , parody manner .
We still use that expression now when something unexpected happens . ''
The following two days the group overdubbed vocals , piano , Hammond organ , anvil and guitar .
I do n't know why it was silver , it just sounded better than Maxwell 's hammer .
It was written by McCartney , though the songwriting credit is Lennon\/McCartney .
Paul McCartney said : `` The only arguments were about things like me spending three days on Maxwell 's Silver Hammer .
John Lennon later said , `` I hate it ... He did everything to make it into a single , and it never was and it never could have been . ''
It just so happens in this batch of songs I would look at these subjects and thought it was good for writing .
- ` Yeah , but I want to get it right .
In 1977 Harrison was more candid , describing it as `` so fruity '' but added `` we did a good job on it '' .
After resuming to record the Abbey Road album , the Beatles began recording Maxwell 's Silver Hammer at Abbey Road Studios on July 9 , 1969 .
The length of time it took to record the song created tension between the Beatles .
George Harrison described it in 1969 as `` one of those instant whistle-along tunes which some people hate , and other people really like .
`` Maxwell 's Silver Hammer '' is a song by The Beatles , from the Abbey Road album , with Paul McCartney singing lead .
I wanted something symbolic of that , so to me it was some fictitious character called Maxwell with a silver hammer .
If it 's good enough to take to your psychiatrist , it 's good enough to make a song of . ''
It was needed for scanning .
McCartney , Harrison and Starr taped 16 takes of the song , followed by a series of guitar overdubs .
It 's a fun song , but it 's kind of a drag because Maxwell keeps on destroying everyone like his girlfriend then the school teacher , and then , finally , the judge . ''
Coulombs , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
More recently , he has acted in Cow Belles and The Cheetah Girls , and the television series Kevin Hill , Sue Thomas : F.B. Eye , and Instant Star .
Sandy Wayne Robson -LRB- born November 6 , 1973 in Peterborough , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian actor .
He is probably best known for hosting the game show Trash to Treasure and his role as `` Dude '' in The N 's television series About a Girl .
A Toronto native , Robson 's breakthrough role was in Crazy Canucks , the story of the 1974 World Cup ski champions .
Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show Full Committed , in which he played 40 characters .
-LRB- His background as a giant slalom down hill skier was useful for the film . -RRB-
The Premier of Western Australia is the leader of the Western Australian government .
The Premier of Western Australia is the leader of the Western Australian government . He or she is the most powerful politician in the Australian state of Western Australia .
Fabrizio Ravanelli -LRB- born 11 December 1968 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Nellis Air Force Base -LRB- Nellis AFB -RRB- is a United States Air Force military base .
The base is named for William Harrell Nellis , a Las Vegas resident and P-47 pilot who died in action during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II .
Nellis Air Force Base -LRB- Nellis AFB -RRB- is a United States Air Force military base . It is located in the north part of Las Vegas , Nevada .
The PlayStation Portable version of this game is called Disgaea : Afternoon of Darkness .
It has an anime called Makai Senki Disgaea .
Fleurbaix is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
In 1998 he changed to the State of North Rhine-Westphalia and became Secretary for Infrastructure , up from 2000 Secretary of Finance .
He was Minister President -LRB- MinisterprÃ sident -RRB- of North Rhine-Westphalia from November 2002 to June 2005 .
In 1993 he became Secretary for Economy and Infrastructure in the State of Schleswig-Holstein .
SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck was born in Hamburg . From 1968 to 1969 he was training as a reserve officer of the Bundeswehr -LRB- German army -RRB- .
On the state election on 22 May 2005 SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck failed to be reelected as Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia .
Peer SteinbrÃ 1\/4 ck -LRB- born 10 January 1947 in Hamburg -RRB- is a German politician .
After 1910 , he spent the rest of his life in Moscow , working in the Marfo-Mariinsky Convent .
He studied under Pavel Tchistyakov at the Imperial Academy of Arts . Later , he felt attracted to the group of artists known as the Peredvizhniki .
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov -LRB- , Ufa â `` October 18 , 1942 , Moscow -RRB- was a Russian painter . He was a very important painter for religious Symbolism in Russian art .
From 1890 to 1910 , Nesterov lived in Kiev and St Petersburg , working on frescoes in St. Vladimir 's Cathedral and the Church on Spilt Blood , respectively .
As a devout Orthodox Christian , he did not accept the Bolshevik Revolution but remained in Russia until his death , painting the portraits of Ivan Ilyin , Ivan Pavlov , Otto Schmidt , and Vera Mukhina , among others .
His canvas The Vision of the Youth Bartholomew -LRB- 1890 â `` 91 -RRB- is often considered to mark the inauguration of the Russian Symbolist movement . This painting shows the conversion of Sergii Radonezhsky .
As of 2000 , the population was 57,491 .
Its county seat is Wagoner .
Wagoner County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Savoillan is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Kasper Schmeichel -LRB- born 5 November 1986 -RRB- is a Danish football player .
Benjamin Hall , the father of bushranger Ben Hall started a cattle farm in the area in 1839 .
In the same year , a local land owner - Thomas Haydon - started his own town called Haydonton .
Kerosene shale was first mined at Mount Temi , 11 k north of Murrurundi in 1886 .
Murrurundi is a small country town located in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
The station opened in 1872 . There is a large brick station-house , a passing loop and goods yard .
Murrurundi railway station is on the Main North railway line , 352 k from Sydney .
The town was started by the New South Wales government in 1840 .
In 1913 , the two towns were joined together to make the modern-day town of Murrurundi .
Murrurundi is 193 k by road from Newcastle and 309 k km from Sydney . In 2006 there were 2162 people -LRB- ABS 2006 -RRB- living in Murrurundi .
The town is circled by mountains of the Liverpool Range . It is on the Pages River , which flows into the Hunter River .
Benjamin Hall opened a butcher 's shop in Haydonton in 1842 .
Ben Hall lived here until the age of 13 .
The first people to live in the Murrurundi area were the Australian aboriginal people , the Wanaruah and the Kamilaroi .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
1 Giant Leap is a concept band and media project consisting of the two principal artists , Jamie Catto -LRB- Faithless founding member -RRB- and Duncan Bridgeman .
Carp have been a source of food to humans , as well as popular ornamental fishes like the koi and goldfish .
In 1996 the Archbishop of Canterbury gave him the Lambeth Doctorate of Music to celebrate all he has done for church music .
He has also written an opera for young people called Bang ! .
In 2002 his setting of Psalm 150 , written for the Queen 's Golden Jubilee , was performed at the thanksgiving service in St Paul 's Cathedral , London .
He became director of music at Clare College in 1975 and made the choir internationally famous .
Rutter has been given many honors , including honorary Fellow of Westminster Choir College , Princeton -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , Fellow of the Guild of Church Musicians -LRB- 1988 -RRB- .
In 1981 Rutter started a choir of his own , the Cambridge Singers . He still conducts them .
Rutter also works as an arranger and editor . His collection of Carols for Choirs which he prepared together with Sir David Willcocks is extremely widely used in Britain .
Rutter 's compositions include Christmas carols , anthems and longer choral works such as a Gloria , a Magnificat , and a Requiem .
Rutter studied music at Clare College , Cambridge .
Manly is a city of Iowa in the United States .
HÃ gendorf is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
F.B. Brindisi 1912 is a football club which plays in Italy .
In some schools of Buddhism there are twenty-one TÄ rÄ s. A practice text with the title In Praise of the 21 TÄ rÄ s is recited during the morning in all four sects of Tibetan Buddhism .
This Sanskrit mantra is pronounced by Tibetans and Buddhists who follow the Tibetan traditions as Oá tÄ re tu tÄ re ture soha .
She is called the `` mother of liberation '' . She stands for success in work and achievements .
TÄ rÄ or Ä rya TÄ rÄ , also known as Jetsun Dolma in Tibetan , is a female Buddha linked with Buddhist tantra practice in Tibetan Buddhism .
It flows from the Central Area of Singapore to the ocean .
The Singapore River is a river in Singapore .
The Slovaks or Slovakians are a western Slavic people that primarily inhabit Slovakia and speak the Slovak language , which is closely related to the Czech language .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross -LRB- German language : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes , often just Ritterkreuz -RRB- was a level of the Iron Cross .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was the second highest military order of the Third Reich , second only to the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross .
The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was the second highest military order of the Third Reich , second only to the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross . It was awarded for extreme battlefield bravery or military leadership during World War II .
After a string of unsuccessful games culminated in his elimination at the early stages of the 2009 Chess World Cup , Ivanchuk announced , in a highly emotional interview , his retirement from professional chess .
When he plays , Ivanchuk rarely looks at the board .
Instead he stares at the ceiling and at the walls with a blank stare -LRB- although this is not uncommon with top players who calculate without looking at the board -RRB- .
Chucky has been described by Viswanathan Anand as the most eccentric player in the chess world .
His playing style is unpredictable and highly original , making him a threat to any chess player , although it sometimes also leads to quick losses .
For a while he was trying to learn Turkish .
They say he lives on ` Planet Ivanchuk ' .
However , he soon recanted this decision .
-LRB- Laughs -RRB- ... I have seen him totally drunk and singing Ukrainian poetry and then the next day I have seen him give an impressive talk .
Anand gave his view on Ivanchuk like this :
The players have a word for him .
He won Amber blindfold and rapid chess championship in 1992 and 2010 .
Some days he will treat you like his long-lost brother .
Vassily Ivanchuk , born 18 March 1969 , is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster .
The next day he ignores you completely .
`` He 's someone who is very intelligent ... but you never know which mood he is going to be in .
He was the 2007 -- 2008 World Blitz Chess champion .
Donâ t ask me why ... Every day is a surprise with him '' .
He finished his term as president on June 10 , 1967 .
He was beaten in the 1967 presidential election against Abdirashid Ali Shermarke .
Miani is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
From 1954 to 1997 the company designed and built other vehicles including the tiny 360 -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , the Sambar -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , the 1000 -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , the R2 -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , the Leone -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , the Domingo -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , the Alcyone -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , the Legacy -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , the Impreza -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , the Sambar EV electric van -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , and the Forester -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
Fuji Heavy Industries in 1954 built a car called the Subaru P-1 . It was named by the person who was CEO , Kenji Kita .
The name Subaru is a Japanese word for a star cluster in the sky named Pleiades , and the company logo has the stars in its picture in the same place as they are in the sky .
HermÃ nio de Brito -LRB- born 6 May , 1911 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Wilhelm Frick -LRB- 12 March 1877 in Alsenz - 16 October 1946 in Nuremberg -RRB- was a well known Nazi official .
After the end of World War II , he was executed for war crimes .
Beck , Bogert & Appice is the first album by the 70s band Beck , Bogert & Appice .
It is known from an opalised teeth frgament , with one premolar and two molars in situ .
The fossil was found al Lightning Ridge , New South Wales , Australia .
Kollikodon ritchiei is an fossil monotreme species .
She was born on July 21 , 1983 in the village of SyÃ rugÃ ta .
Brandon Bochenski -LRB- born April 4 , 1982 in Blaine , Minnesota -RRB- is an ice hockey right winger that currently plays in the Kontinental Hockey League for Barys Astana .
Saint-Agnan , Aisne is a commune .
Ethiopian Airlines is an airline based in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Hayal Pass -LRB- el .
4600 m. -RRB- is a high mountain pass to the north of Shani Peak in Naltar Valley .
The pass lies in the west of Naltar Pass .
Ferdinand attempted to retain the regency permanently , but was rebuffed by the Castilian nobility and replaced with Joanna 's husband , who became Philip I of Castile .
The succession of his grandson Charles , who inherited not only the Spanish lands of his maternal grandparents , but the Habsburg and Burgundian lands of his paternal family , would make his heirs the most powerful rulers on the continent .
He married Infanta Isabella , the sister by a different mother and heiress of Henry IV of Castile , on October 19 , 1469 in OcaÃ a. He became Ferdinand V of Castile when Isabella succeeded her brother as Queen of Castile in 1474 .
Instead , the Holy League was formed , in which all the powers now joined together against France .
In November 1511 Ferdinand and his son-in-law Henry VIII of England signed the Treaty of Westminster , pledging mutual aid between the two against France .
After Philip 's death in 1506 , with Joanna mentally unstable , and her and Philip 's son Charles of Ghent only six years old , Ferdinand resumed the regency , ruling through Francisco Cardinal Jimenez de Cisneros , the Chancellor of the Kingdom .
Ferdinand served as the latter 's regent during her absence in the Netherlands , ruled by her husband Archduke Philip .
Another less famous `` conquest '' took place in 1502 , when Andreas Paleologus , de jure Emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire , left Ferdinand and Isabella as heirs to the empire , thus Ferdinand became de jure Roman Emperor .
Although the French were victorious against Venice at the Battle of Agnadello , the League soon fell apart , as both the Pope and Ferdinand became suspicious of French intentions .
The agreement soon fell apart , and over the next several years , Ferdinand 's great general Gonzalo FernÃ ndez de CÃ rdoba conquered Naples from the French , by 1504 .
The latter part of Ferdinand 's life was largely taken up with the so-called Italian Wars , disputes over control of Italy with successive Kings of France .
In 1494 , Charles VIII of France invaded Italy and expelled Ferdinand 's cousin , Alfonso II , from the throne of Naples .
The Holy League was generally successful in Italy , as well , driving the French from Milan , which was restored to its Sforza dukes by the peace treaty in 1513 .
After Isabella 's death , her kingdom went to her daughter Joanna .
Ferdinand 's alliance with various Italian princes and with Emperor Maximilian I , expelled the French by 1496 and installed Alfonso 's son , Ferdinand , on the Neapolitan throne .
The French were successful in reconquering Milan two years later , however .
In 1508 , war resumed in Italy , this time against Venice . All the other powers on the peninsula , including Louis XII , Ferdinand , Maximilian , and Pope Julius II joined together against as the League of Cambrai .
Ferdinand succeeded his father as King of Aragon in 1479 and the Crown of Castile and the various territories of the Crown of Aragon were united in a personal union . For the first time since the 8th century this created a single political unit which might be called Spain , although the various territories were not properly administered as a single unit until the 18th century .
Ferdinand II the Catholic -LRB- Spanish : Fernando V de Castilla -RRB- -LRB- March 10 , 1452 â `` June 23 , 1516 -RRB- was king of Aragon -LRB- 1479-1516 -RRB- , Castile , Sicily -LRB- 1468-1516 -RRB- , Naples -LRB- 1504-1516 -RRB- , Valencia , Sardinia and Navarre and Count of Barcelona .
Earlier that year , Ferdinand had conquered the southern half of the Kingdom of Navarre , which was ruled by a French nobleman , and annexed it to Spain .
In 1501 , following the death of Ferdinand II of Naples and his succession by his uncle Frederick , Ferdinand of Aragon signed an agreement with Charles VIII 's successor , Louis XII . Louis had just successfully asserted his claims to the Duchy of Milan , and they agreed to partition Naples between them , with Campania and the Abruzzi , including Naples itself , going to the French and Ferdinand taking Apulia and Calabria .
The two young monarchs had initially to fight a civil war against Juana , princess of Castile -LRB- also known as Juana la Beltraneja -RRB- , the purported daughter of Henry IV .
Amnesiac is an album by the band Radiohead . It was released in June 2001 .
All tracks written by Radiohead .
Amnesiac is an album by the band Radiohead .
Go Oiwa -LRB- born 23 June 1972 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kashima Antlers .
Mosogno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It became a city on May 15 , 1906 , after previously being named North Ontario and a part of Ontario .
Upland is a city in San Bernardino County , California . As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 68,393 .
He is also a shared owner of the NASCAR Nextel Cup racing team , Hall of Fame Racing , along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback , Roger Staubach .
He was chosen for the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Troy Kenneth Aikman -LRB- born November 21 , 1966 in West Covina , California -RRB- is a former American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League , and is now a television sportscaster for the Fox television network .
That plant has a completely different taste . This is because phenolic compounds are missing in its essential oil .
Some breeds show a flavor intermediate between oregano and marjoram .
Additionally , oregano has shown antimicrobial activity against food-borne pathogens such as Listeria monocytogenes -LRB- PMID 16218659 -RRB- .
The taste varies in intensity ; good quality is so strong that it almost numbs the tongue , but the cultivars adapted to colder climates have often unsatisfactory flavor .
Oregano is high in antioxidant activity , because of a high content of phenolic acids and flavonoids -LRB- PMID 16218659 , PMID 12730411 -RRB- .
The related species Origanum onites -LRB- Greece , Asia Minor -RRB- and O. heracleoticum -LRB- Italy , Balkan peninsula , West Asia -RRB- have similar flavors .
Oregano has an aromatic , warm and slightly bitter taste .
It can also be added to the lemon-olive oil sauce that goes with almost every fish or meat barbecues and some casseroles .
Mastectomy is often done for people with breast cancer . Both men and women can get this cancer .
Mazinho Oliveira -LRB- born 26 December 1965 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000 , the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport .
The London Transport Executive -LRB- LTE -RRB- was the organization responsible for public transport in the Greater London area , UK , between 1948-1963 . In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000 , the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport .
The London Transport Executive -LRB- LTE -RRB- was the organization responsible for public transport in the Greater London area , UK , between 1948-1963 .
Bala Garhi is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
It is located at 34 Â 14 ' 0N 72 Â 9 ' 0E and has a height of 302 metres -LRB- 994 feet -RRB- .
It was built for trains and was completed on January 1 , 1889 . It closed down on May 8 , 1974 after a bad fire .
The Poughkeepsie Bridge -LRB- sometimes known as the Poughkeepsie Railroad Bridge or the Poughkeepsie-Highland Railroad Bridge -RRB- is a bridge over the Hudson River . It goes from Poughkeepsie , New York on the east side to Highland , New York on the west side .
On October 3 , 2009 , the bridge was opened to the public as a pedestrian bridge and New York State Park .
It became part of the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 .
Angelo Peruzzi -LRB- born 16 February 1970 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
In the Roman Catholic church , Jude and Simon 's feast day is celebrated on 28 October .
St. Jude was martyred -LRB- killed for his beliefs -RRB- with another apostle , Simon the Zealot in Beirut , Lebanon , around AD 65 .
The class of drugs containing Amphetamine includes prescription drugs commonly used to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- .
These drugs increase the level of dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain , which can create euphoria .
It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy , amongst others .
The name amphetamine is derived from its chemical name : alpha-methylphenethylamine .
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction reports the typical retail price of amphetamine in Europe varied between â 3 and â 15 -LRB- $ 4 to $ 21.55 USD -RRB- a gram in half of the reporting countries .
Patricia Rozema directed When Night is Falling .
The MPAA rated the film as NC-17 , but instead the film was released unrated to avoid the NC-17 related stigma .
This film was later released with two versions : the original unrated version , and an R rated cut .
He became famous in 2006 with the success of his debut album , Lupe Fiasco 's Food & Liquor .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco -LRB- born February 17 , 1982 in Chicago , Illinois -RRB- , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco , is a Grammy-winning American hip-hop artist .
Wat Tyler -LRB- 4 January 1341 â `` 15 June 1381 -RRB- was the leader of the English Peasant 's Revolt of 1381 .
Parallel computer programs are more difficult to program than sequential ones , because concurrency introduces several new classes of potential software bugs , of which race conditions and dead locks are the most common .
It has been used for many years , mainly in high-performance computing , with a great increase in its use in recent years , due to the physical constraints preventing frequency scaling .
Parallel computers can be classified according to the level at which the hardware supports parallelismâ '' with multi-core and multi-processor computers having multiple processing elements inside a single machine , while clusters , blades , MPPs , and grids use multiple computers to work on the same task .
Parallel computing has become the main model in computer architecture , mainly in the form of multicore processors . However , in recent years , power consumption by parallel computers has become a concern .
But still Communication and synchronization between the different subtasks is difficult while achieving good parallel program performance .
Parallel computing is a form of computation in which many instructions are carried out simultaneously -LRB- termed `` in parallel '' -RRB- , depending on the theory that large problems can often be divided into smaller ones , and then solved concurrently -LRB- `` in parallel '' -RRB- .
The most famous brand is Kalles Kaviar .
In the Caspian provinces of Gilan and Mazandaran , several types of roe are used .
Herring roe is sold in many British supermarkets but it is not very popular .
Called Ashpal or Ashbal , roe can be eaten grilled , cured , salted , or mixed with other things .
The roe is usually deep-fried . Other ways of cooking it such as mashed roe where the roe crushed along with oil , onion & pepper , or curry of roe could also be found .
If salted or cured , it is eaten as a condiment .
Roe from Carp is less common and Barbel roe is also used at times .
Another commonly eaten roe is that from the cod -LRB- torsk -RRB- .
Caviar is a name for sturgeon roe which is eaten as a delicacy .
Roe eaten in the United Kingdom is usually soft roe instead of hard roe .
In the state of Kerala , roe is deep fried in coconut oil and is a delicacy .
Smoked and salted cod roe paste is very popular in Sweden .
Among the tribal populace , deeply-roasted roe in open fire -LRB- much like marshmallows -RRB- is a delicacy .
Soft roe or white roe is not roe .
In this region , the roe of rohu is also delicacy .
Roe from the Hilsa fish is a delicacy in West Bengal and Bangladesh .
Roe from Kutum -LRB- also known as Caspian White Fish or Rutilus Frisii Kutum -RRB- , Roach -LRB- called `` Kuli '' in Gileki -RRB- , Bream -LRB- called `` Kulmeh '' in Gileki -RRB- , and Caspian Salmon are liked very much .
Bottarga is the salted and dried roe pouch of Gray Mullet .
Lumpfish -LRB- stenbider -RRB- roe is used in Danish cuisine . It is served on top of halved or sliced hard-boiled eggs , on top of piles of shrimp , or with other fish or seafood .
Roe is the ripe eggs of fish and certain marine animals , for example sea urchins , shrimp and scallop .
Battered cod roe can also be bought within many fish and chip shops , mainly around the London area .
Tarama is carp roe used to make taramosalata . Taramosolata is a Greek and Turkish food that is made of tarama mixed with lemon juice , bread crumbs , onions , and olive oil .
If used fresh , it is usually grilled , steamed , or mixed with eggs and fried to make a custard-like dish called `` Ashpal Kuku '' .
Dennis Brain -LRB- born 17 May 1921 ; died London , 1 September 1957 -RRB- was a British horn player .
Brain was made principal horn player in both .
The trio toured Scotland twice and there were plans to tour Australia in the winter of 1957 .
He was still only 24 .
By 1945 , Brain was the most famous horn player in England .
Later , he left the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra because he did not have time .
He kept up his organ playing -LRB- his teacher had hoped he would become an organist -RRB- and in July 1954 , again conducted by Karajan , Brain performed the organ part in a recording of the Easter hymn from Pietro Mascagni 's Cavalleria rusticana .
In November 1953 Brain recorded the Mozart Horn Concertos Nos. 1 â `` 4 for EMI with the Philharmonia Orchestra with Karajan conducting .
Brain often asked composers to write new works for him to perform .
Dennis played a Leopold Mozart horn concerto by blowing through rubber hose pipes . He cut the hose to the length he needed with garden shears so that it was perfectly in tune .
In 1955 Brain became known to millions of people when he presented a radio program called The Early Horn .
At first he played a French instrument , a Raoux piston-valve horn , similar to that used by his father .
His recordings include the four horn concertos by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart which he recorded with the Philharmonia Orchestra conducted by Herbert von Karajan .
This group got bigger and toured to Germany , Italy and Austria .
Among them were Benjamin Britten Serenade for Tenor , Horn and Strings , Canticle III , Malcolm Arnold Horn Concerto No. 2 , Paul Hindemith Concerto for Horn and Orchestra , York Bowen Concerto for Horn , Strings and Timpani , Peter Racine Fricker Horn Sonata -LRB- Dennis was at school with Peter -RRB- , Gordon Jacob Concerto for Horn and String Orchestra , MÃ tyÃ s Seiber Notturno for Horn and Strings , Humphrey Searle Aubade for Horn and Strings , Ernest Tomlinson Rhapsody and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra , Romance and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra , Lennox Berkeley Trio for Horn , Violin and Piano and Elisabeth Lutyens .
He was the second to perform the Horn Concerto No. 2 in public in 1948 .
His Alexander horn was badly damaged in his fatal crash . Normally it would have been thrown away , but it was saved and was restored by Paxmans of London and can be seen in the Royal Academy of Music 's free museum .
His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann 's Ill Wind and his classical playing .
Many composers wrote for him without even being asked .
Brain also started a trio with the pianist Wilfrid Parry and violinist Jean Pougnet .
Brain played a lot of chamber music , forming a wind quintet with his brother in 1946 .
Brain also made the two horn concertos by Richard Strauss very popular .
Naoki Soma -LRB- born 19 July 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Bellewood is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Two main ridges run south on either side of the Vaisigano River , with roads on each sides .
Mulinu ` u , the old capital , is the location of the Parliament House -LRB- Fale Fono -RRB- and the historic observatory , which is now the meteorology office .
Apia is located on a natural dock at the mouth of the Vaisigano River .
It is on a narrow coastal plain with Mount Vaea -LRB- height 472 m -RRB- directly to its south .
The more western of these is Cross Island Road , the fewer roads crossing to the south coast of Upolu .
Fish and copra are the country 's major exports , and cotton goods , motor vehicles , meats , and sugar are the major imports .
Rossillon is a commune .
The British Rail Class 37 is a diesel-electric locomotive .
It is also known as the English Electric Type 3 . The Class was ordered as part of the British Rail modernisation plan .
They also performed well on secondary and inter-regional services for many years .
The Class 37 is known by railway enthusiasts as a `` Tractor '' . This nickname came from the similarity of the sound of the locomotive .
The Class 37 became a familiar sight on many parts of the British Rail network . They were on Inter-City services in East Anglia and within Scotland .
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu ` izzi -LRB- 1048-1125 -RRB- was an 11th century and 12th century poet .
He lived in the courts of Malik Shah I and Sultan Sanjar .
He was from Persia , and was the poet laureate of Sanjar .
He was accidentally shot by Sanjar .
His divan of 18,000 distichs remain .
He was from the village of Nisa . He is considered one of the great masters of the Persian panegyric qasideh .
Mu ` izzi is said to have died by an arrow shot by the King 's son in 1125 for unknown reasons .
Hey your face is brighter than qibla of Zarostra Without your face and ringlets crooked in my back Your love killed me and your air burnt me I have your oppression and your cruelty killed me Whatever your oppression and cruelty I suffered from Never I will forget your kindness and loyalty Get up and come this night I will make you full of tulips ...
Anvari says Mu ` izzi copied the verses of other poets -LRB- this can not be proven for certain -RRB- . Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu ` izzi 's verses .
The song is downloadable , plus content for the Rock Band series along with `` Prayer of the Refugee '' and `` Re-Education -LRB- Through Labor -RRB- '' .
It was released as the album 's third single on June 3 , 2009 , and it peaked at number three on Billboards Alternative Songs chart , better than the peak set by the same album 's first single , Re-Education -LRB- Through Labor -RRB- , and at number seven on the Rock Songs chart .
Also , in the trailer for the PC game The Sims 3 : Ambitions the song plays in the background in Simlish .
It became the band 's second single to reach the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart , peaking at number 16 .
It is also Rise Against 's highest charting single on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles , peaking at number 2 .
Wendell is a city of Idaho in the United States .
The Golden Hamster Saga is a series of five books written by Dietlof Reiche .
Valdas Adamkus was born on November 3 , 1926 in Kaunas , Lithuania . His birth name was Valdemaras AdamkaviÄ ius .
When Rolandas Paksas , the new elected president , was impeached and removed by the Lithuanian Parliament in 2004 , Adamkus was re-elected .
In 1833 Nawab Mohammad Bahawal Khan III signed an agreement with the British guaranteeing the independence of the Nawab from the British .
The state was then merged into the province of West Pakistan on 14 October 1955 .
The state agreed to become part of Pakistan on 7 October 1947 .
Bahawalpur was a princely state of the Punjab in what is now Pakistan , stretching along the southern bank of the Sutlej and Indus Rivers , with its capital city at Bahawalpur .
In 1941 , the state had a population of 1,341,209 living in an area of 45,911 kmÂ -LRB- 17,494 sq mi -RRB- .
Richard P. Binzel and Schelte Bus added more to the knowledge about this asteroid in a lightwave survey published in 2003 .
The visible-wavelength -LRB- 0.435-0 .925 micron -RRB- spectra data was gathered between August 1993 and March 1999 .
It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich -LRB- 1861-1920 -RRB- , a German astronomer .
In the late 1990s , a network of astronomers worldwide gathered lightcurve data that was mostly used to conclude the spin states and shape models of 10 new asteroids , including -LRB- 776 -RRB- Berbericia .
776 Berbericia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt .
This project was known as Small Main-belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey , Phase II or SMASSII , which built on a previous survey of the main-belt asteroids .
This main-belt asteroid was found by A. Massinger at Heidelberg January 24 , 1914 .
Somalia national football team is the national football team of Somalia .
After 1920 Arnold worked full-time basis for the Christian trade union movement .
Karl Arnold -LRB- born 21 March 1901 in HerrlishÃ fen , died 29 June 1958 in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf -RRB- was a German politician .
On 29 January 1946 Arnold was appointed mayor of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf by the American Military Government . He was elected mayor in the first free elections on 26 October 1946 .
He became Secretary of the DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf District of the Christian trade union in 1924 .
Karl Arnold was buried in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf 's South Cemetery .
He was Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1947 to 1956 .
From 7 September 1949 to 6 September 1950 he was the first President of the Bundesrat .
After the World War II Arnold founded the of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf Christian democratic party in 1945 .
East Timor gets its name from the Malay word for `` east '' , timur .
In 1975 , the Portuguese army left , and East Timor was invaded -LRB- taken over -RRB- by the Indonesian army in 1975 . The invasion was very violent .
For a long time , a European country called Portugal controlled the East Timor and called it The Colony of Portuguese Timor .
Jaswal is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32 Â 49 ' 0N 72 Â 58 ' 0E .
Fort Collins is a city in the U.S. state of Colorado .
RuillÃ - en-Champagne is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
Marine One is the call sign for any Marine aircraft carrying the President of the United States .
Also , Marine Two is the call sign of any Marine aircraft carrying the Vice President of the United States .
A vector graphics editor is a computer program that lets users make and change vector graphics images and save them in one of many popular vector graphics formats such as EPS , PDF , WMF , SVG or VML .
Trevor W. Pryce -LRB- born August 3 , 1975 in Brooklyn , New York -RRB- is an American Football defensive end who currently plays for the New York Jets of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Pryce was drafted out of Clemson University by the Denver Broncos with the 28th pick in the first round of the 1997 NFL Draft .
Thaksin Shinawatra is a Thai businessman , politician , former Prime Minister of Thailand , and former leader of the Thai Rak Thai Party .
; Author abbreviation To encourage consistency the ICBN recommends -LRB- Recommendation 46A , Note 1 -RRB- the use of Brummitt & Powell 's Authors of plant names -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , where each author of a botanical name has been assigned a unique abbreviation .
For example in :
These standard abbreviations can be found at the IPNI , Author Query page .
His appeal against the death sentence was rejected on 4 September 2007 , and was sentenced to death for the fourth time on 17 January 2010 .
Al-Majid was captured after the 2003 invasion of Iraq and was charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide .
Repressive measures included deportations of the population and mass killings ; al-Majid was dubbed `` Chemical Ali '' by Iraqi Kurds for his use of chemical weapons in attacks against them .
He was convicted in June 2007 and was sentenced to death for crimes committed in the al-Anfal campaign of the 1980s .
He was a first cousin to the President of Iraq Saddam Hussein . During the 1980s and 1990s , he became notorious for his role in the Iraqi government 's campaigns against internal opposition forces , namely the ethnic Kurdish rebels of the north , and the Shia religious dissidents of the south .
He was also the governor of occupied Kuwait during the Gulf War .
Ali Hassan Abd al-Majid al-Tikritieh -LRB- , 30 November 1941 â `` 25 January 2010 -RRB- was an Iraqi minister .
However , the prevalence and importance of HGT in the evolution of multicellular eukaryotes remain unclear '' .
In the mid-1980s , Syvanen predicted that lateral gene transfer existed , had biological significance , and was involved in shaping evolutionary history from the beginning of life on Earth .
However , Richardson and Palmer -LRB- 2007 -RRB- state : `` Horizontal gene transfer -LRB- HGT -RRB- has played a major role in bacterial evolution and is fairly common in certain unicellular eukaryotes .
As Bapteste et al . -LRB- 2005 -RRB- observe , `` additional evidence suggests that gene transfer might also be an important evolutionary mechanism in protist evolution '' .
As Jain , Rivera and Lake -LRB- 1999 -RRB- put it : `` Increasingly , studies of genes and genomes are indicating that considerable horizontal transfer has occurred between prokaryotes '' .
Most thinking in genetics has focused on vertical transfer , but there is a growing awareness that horizontal gene transfer is a significant phenomenon . Amongst single-celled organisms it may be the dominant form of genetic transfer .
Artificial horizontal gene transfer is a form of genetic engineering .
Horizontal gene transfer -LRB- HGT -RRB- -LRB- or Lateral gene transfer -RRB- is any process in which an organism gets genetic material from another organism without being the offspring of that organism .
There is some evidence that even higher plants and animals have been affected and this has raised concerns for safety .
By contrast , vertical transfer occurs when an organism gets genetic material from its ancestor , e.g. , its parent or a species from which it has evolved .
Horizontal gene transfer was first described in Japan in a 1959 publication that demonstrated the transfer of antibiotic resistance between different species of bacteria .
The phenomenon appears to have had some significance for unicellular eukaryotes as well .
The Bowie knife is a large knife named after Colonel Jim Bowie .
It was designed as a fighting knife , but can also be used as a hunting knife or a butcher knife .
Chocolate syrup is used to sweeten and flavor hot and cold drinks such as hot chocolate , chocolate milk , and chocolate milk shakes , and poured on desserts .
Chocolate syrup is used in many different types of drinks . Coffee shops add chocolate syrup and other flavored syrups to coffee drinks .
This village is situated at the southern entrance of the ArdÃ che Canyon , the Gorges de l'Ard Ã che .
Saint-Martin-d ` Ard Ã che is a commune in the dÃ partement of ArdÃ che in southern France .
Together with Psalm 151 , which only exists in some versions of the Septuagint , these psalms are sometimes called the ` Five Apocryphal Psalms of David ' .
Pslams 152-155 are psalms of the Bible that only exist in the Syriac language translation of the Bible , which is commonly known as Peshitta . Psalms 154 and 155 also exist in a Hebrew version in the Dead Sea Scrolls .
Bo Derek -LRB- Long Beach , California , November 20 , 1956 -RRB- , is an American actress .
For the European Ford Escort , see Ford Escort -LRB- Europe -RRB- .
Villa Los AlmÃ cigos is a city and municipality of the Santiago RodrÃ guez province , in northwestern Dominican Republic .
The German Empire -LRB- `` Deutsches Reich '' or `` Deutsches Kaiserreich '' in the German language -RRB- is the name for a group of German countries from from January 18 1871 to November 9 1918 .
Roger Federer was the defending champion , but was defeated by Juan MartÃ n del Potro in the final , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 7 -LRB- 5 -RRB- , 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 7 -LRB- 4 -RRB- , 2 -- 6 .
Cugnasco is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Red Forest -LRB- Ukrainian : Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ñ -- Ñ , Russian : Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ -RRB- is in the area around the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant . The frost is the trees in the 10 kmÂ around the damaged nuclear reactor .
The name ` Red Forest ' comes from color of the pine trees that died after taking in high levels of radiation from the Chernobyl accident on April 26 , 1986 .
Saint-Ouen-le-Pin is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Electron affinity is a phrase used in chemistry . When an atom that is neutral gets an electron , the energy that is changed in the atom is the electron affinity .
When an atom that is neutral gets an electron , the energy that is changed in the atom is the electron affinity .
How Pop Can You Get ?
was the first and only album by American band The Bats .
JÃ 1\/4 rgen Klinsmann -LRB- born 30 July 1964 in GÃ ppingen -RRB- is a German football player who started in Stuttgart , a club in Germany , when he was seventeen . In 1990 he won the FIFA World Cup with the Germany national team .
Langnau im Emmental -LRB- ` Langnau in the Emmental ' -RRB- is a small village in the Emmental , in the canton of Bern .
They have their home stadium in Langnau .
It stars Jodie Foster as Casey Brown , Helen Hayes as Lady St. Edmund -LRB- in her last screen appearance -RRB- , David Niven as Priory -LRB- as well as Colonel Dennis and Mr. Gipping -RRB- , and Leo McKern as Harry Bundage . Candleshoe is loosely based on the Michael Innes novel Christmas at Candleshoe .
`` Ensifer '' means `` sword bearer '' in Latin , and refers to the typically elongated and blade-like ovipositor of the females .
Ensifera is a suborder of the order Orthoptera , comprising insects commonly known as crickets , katydids and bush crickets .
MercÃ Rodoreda i GurguÃ -LRB- October 10 , 1908 â `` April 13 , 1983 -RRB- was a Spanish Catalan novelist .
Dourados is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul .
Any sequence of real numbers will miss out a real number , even if the sequence is infinite . This makes the real numbers special .
Tigranes was born around 140 BCE and was the son or nephew of Artavasdes I or Tigranes I.
Tigranes the Great represented the Artaxiad Royal House .
Knowles re-recorded the song for her debut solo album , Dangerously in Love -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , under the title `` Dangerously in Love 2 '' .
She performed `` Dangerously in Love 2 '' at the 2004 Grammy Awards , where it won in the category of `` Best Female R&B Vocal Performance '' .
Clarence Leonidas Fender -LRB- August 10 , 1909 - March 21 , 1991 -RRB- , also known as Leo Fender , was an American instrument maker .
The House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen is the cadet branch of the senior Swabian branch of the Hohenzollern dynasty , less known than the Franconian branch which became Burgraves of Nuremberg and later ruled Brandenburg-Prussia and the German Empire .
The state which the cadet branch ruled was the County of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen , which later became a principality -LRB- FÃ 1\/4 rstentum Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen -RRB- .
Juzanvigny is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Yohei Toyoda -LRB- born 11 April 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Sagan Tosu .
Culpeper is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Many characters and their designs were from some of Katsura Hoshino 's previous works and drafts , such as Zone , Book-man , and Continue , and her assistants .
Neubrandenburg -LRB- New Brandenburg , -RRB- is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany .
It is in the southeastern part of the state , at the shore of a lake called the Tollensesee .
Millville is a city of Iowa in the United States .
This made him the first Emperor in 170 years whose mother was not of the Fujiwara family .
Emperor Go-Sanj Å -LRB- September 3 , 1034 - June 15 , 1073 -RRB- was the 71st emperor of Japan . He ruled from the year 1068 to January 18 , 1073 .
He was the second son of Emperor Go-Suzaku , and his mother was Empress Sadako , the third daughter of Emperor SanjÅ .
David X. Cohen -LRB- born July 13 , 1966 -RRB- , born David Samuel Cohen , is an American television writer .
He has written for The Simpsons . He also runs and is the main writer for Futurama .
Search Marketing , and Microsoft adCenter are the three largest operators .
It is often referred to by the letters PPC . Many pay per click providers exist , Google AdWords , Yahoo !
Pelota in Spanish , pilota in Basque and Catalan , or pelote in French -LRB- from Latin pila -RRB- is a name for several court sports played with a ball using one 's hand , a racket , or a wooden bat -LRB- pala -RRB- , against a wall -LRB- frontÃ n in Spanish , frontoi in Basque , frontÃ in Catalan -RRB- or , more traditionally , with two teams face to face separated by a line on the ground or a net .
Their roots can be traced to the Greek and other ancient cultures , but in Europe they all come from real tennis -LRB- see Jeu de paumeâ -RRB- .
There is a tendency for males to be larger than the females
Species of forest , woodland , or bush tend to be sedentary , but many of the plains species undertake huge migrations .
Many antelope are sexually dimorphic .
A group of antelope is called a herd .
The gnus and gazelles of East Africa perform some of the most impressive mass migratory circuits of all mammals .
No antelope are native to North America : the Pronghorn is a member of the family Antilocapridae , another family .
These migrations enable grass-eating species to follow the rains and therefore their food supply .
True antelope have horns which are unbranched and never shed , while Pronghorns have branching horns , and shed annually .
There are 91 species of antelope , most of which are native to Africa , in about 30 genera .
It includes the old-world species which are not cattle , sheep , buffalo , bison , or goats .
In most species , both sexes have horns , but those of males tend to be larger .
Chrono Trigger was re-released for the Nintendo DS as Chrono Trigger DS .
Chrono Trigger is a role-playing video game made by Square Soft for the Super NES game console .
Then they learn that Lavos is the real enemy and not Magus , and they also learn of the birth of Lavos in 65,000,000 B.C. , as well as the kingdom of Zeal in the year 12,000 B.C. , where the evil queen Zeal resides . Zeal gathers her evil energy from Lavos , and hopes to rule the world with him .
Page made the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill , a store and a post office .
There are many schools in Cary . The public schools are run by the Wake County Public School System .
Cary officially became a town on April 6 , 1871 , and Page became the first mayor .
Allison Francis Page , a farmer and lumberman , and his wife , Catherine Raboteau Page bought 300 acres -LRB- 1.2 kmÂ -RRB- of land surrounding the railroad in 1854 and named it Cary .
In 1868 , he built a hotel for railroad passengers coming through Cary .
Bhutan national football team is the national football team of Bhutan .
She was listed on Rolling Stone 's list The Immortals -- The Greatest Artists of All Time .
Turner is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , and she is also represented in the Grammy Hall of Fame by two of her recordings : `` River Deep - Mountain High '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and `` Proud Mary '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
In Germany , Walpurgisnacht , the night from April 30 to May 1 , is the night when allegedly the witches hold a large celebration on the Blocksberg and await the arrival of Spring .
Darwin set his work out in four parts : There were the barnacles on stalks -LRB- pedunculated -RRB- , and those that sat on hard substrate -LRB- the sessile barnacles -RRB- .
Asti -LRB- it : Asti -RRB- is an Italian city in Piemonte of 74.392 people living in it .
It used to be presented by Mark Lamarr .
Bomberman Land Touch !
Bomberman Land DS in Japan -RRB- is a Puzzle\/Mini-game collection video game made by Hudson Soft and published by Hudson Soft , Atlus , Rising Star Games , Red Ant Enterprises , and Nintendo in many different places for the Nintendo DS game console .
Eminence is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Six of them are new songs . Five of them are from her first album Christina Aguilera but in Spanish .
This album won a Grammy Award as Best Latin Pop Album in 2001 .
Mi Reflejo is the first Spanish-language album by American pop singer Christina Aguilera .
It was released on 2000 .
Bosons are different from Fermions , which are particles that make up matter , because they obey Bose-Einstein statistics .
The three gauge bosons are as follows : photons for electromagnetism , gluons for strong force , and W and Z bosons for weak force .
Bosons are named after a man called Satyendra Nath Bose .
The British Rail Class 35 is a class of mixed traffic B-B diesel locomotive with hydraulic transmission .
On account of their Mekydro-design hydraulic transmission units , the design became known as the Hymeks .
Their early withdrawal was caused , primarily , by BR classifying the hydraulic transmission as non-standard .
Four examples survived into preservation .
Withdrawal from service began in 1971 , and by 1975 all had been withdrawn .
None of the class was named .
One hundred and one of the class were built between 1961 and 1964 when it became apparent that there was a requirement for a medium power diesel-hydraulic design for both secondary passenger work and freight duties .
They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road , Cardiff Canton and Old Oak Common .
The type was developed for the Western Region of British Railways , which had opted for lightweight locomotives with hydraulic transmission when allocated funds under the British Railways Modernisation Plan of 1955 .
The Itty bitty machine company was one of the few retail stores to sell the original Apple I computer .
In 2001 he was knighted by France as `` Officier des Arts et Lettres '' .
He is also currently developing XanaduSpace - a system for the exploration of connected parallel documents -LRB- an early version of this software may be freely downloaded from .
Nelson expressed his disgust on his website , referring to Wolf as a `` Gory Jackal '' , and threatened to sue him .
Populitism -LRB- `` pop-u-leet-ism '' -RRB- is a another neologism coined by Nelson , as a combination of the word `` populism '' with `` elite '' .
The main thrust of his work has been to make computers easily accessible to ordinary people .
He is partly of Norwegian descent .
Journalist Gary Wolf published an unflattering history , `` The Curse of Xanadu '' , on Nelson and his project in the June 1995 issue of Wired .
HTML is precisely what we were trying to PREVENT -- ever-breaking links , links going outward only , quotes you ca n't follow to their origins , no version management , no rights management .
Theodor Holm Nelson -LRB- Ted Nelson , born 1937 -RRB- is an American sociologist , philosopher , and pioneer of information technology .
He coined the terms `` hypertext '' and `` hypermedia '' in 1963 and published it in 1965 .
The word suggests the society-of-text envisioned by theorists like Shoshana Zuboff and Jay David Bolter , a writing space in which traces of authority persist only as local and contingent effects , the social equivalent of the deconstructed author-function .
-- Ted Nelson -LRB- Ted Nelson one-liners -RRB-
In 2007 he celebrated his 70th birthday by giving an invited birthday lecture at the University of Southampton .
Nelson started Project Xanadu in 1960 .
Ted Nelson is currently working on a new information structure , ZigZag . More information about ZigZag is on the Xanadu project website .
The anime Serial Experiments Lain cites Project Xanadu as a precursor to The Wired -LRB- a fictional internet-like communications network and augmented reality system -RRB- and mentions Nelson as the originator of hypertext .
He has spent much of his adult life working on Project Xanadu and telling people about its benefits .
He wrote about the project in his books Computer Lib\/Dream Machines -LRB- 1974 -RRB- and Literary Machines -LRB- 1981 -RRB- .
A `` populite '' culture might mark the first step toward realization of Jean-Francois Lyotard 's `` game of perfect information '' where all have equal access to the world of data , and where '' -LRB- g -RRB- iven equal competence -LRB- no longer in the acquisition of knowledge , but in its production -RRB- , what extra performativity depends on in the final analysis is ` imagination , ' which allows one either to make a new move or change the rules of the game . ''
Nelson earned a Bachelor 's degree in philosophy from Swarthmore College in 1959 , a Master 's degree in sociology from Harvard University in 1963 and a Doctorate in Media and Governance from Keio University in 2002 .
Nelson co-founded Itty bitty machine company , or `` ibm '' , which was a small computer retail store operating from 1977 to 1980 in Evanston , Illinois .
From a pessimist viewpoint , Ted Nelson promotes four maxims : `` most people are fools , most authority is malignant , God does not exist , and everything is wrong '' .
He is the son of the late Emmy Award-winning director Ralph Nelson and the Academy Award-winning actress Celeste Holm .
In 2004 he was appointed as a Fellow of Wadham College , Oxford , and associated with the Oxford Internet Institute , where he is currently conducting his research .
He is a visiting fellow at Oxford University - based at the Oxford Internet Institute - where he works in the fields of information , computers , and human-machine interfaces .
This is the utopia of information-in-process , the ultimate wetware dream of the clerisy : discourse converted with 100 percent efficiency into capital , the mechanism of that magical process being nomology or rule-making -- admittedly a rather specialized form of `` imagination . ''
He told the audience that it was the first award that he had ever received for his work .
In 1998 , at the Seventh WWW Conference in Brisbane , Australia , Ted Nelson was awarded the Yuri Rubinsky Memorial Award .
He also is credited with first use of the words transclusion , virtuality , intertwingularity and teledildonics .
He also outlined his objections in a letter to Wired , and released a detailed rebuttal of the article .
His parents ' marriage was brief , and he was mostly raised by his grandparents in Greenwich Village , with relatively little contact with his parents .
In 1978 he had a significant impact upon IBM 's thinking when he outlined his vision of the potential of personal computing to the team that three years later launched the IBM PC .
There are many reasons to run a virtual machine .
The program that controls virtual machines is called a Hypervisor and the computer that is running the virtual machine is called the host .
A virtual machine is a program on a computer that works just like it is a separate computer . The program that controls virtual machines is called a Hypervisor and the computer that is running the virtual machine is called the host .
He also helped start The Resurgence , a collection of missionary theology resources .
He is the co-founder and Pastor for preaching of Mars Hill Church in Seattle , Washington . Driscoll also co-founded the Acts 29 Network Church Building Network , and has written articles for the `` Faith and Values '' section of the Seattle Times newspaper .
He earned a Bachelor 's degree in communications from Washington State University with a minor in philosophy and holds a Master of Arts degree in exegetical theology from Western Seminary .
Mark Driscoll -LRB- born October 11 , 1970 -RRB- is an American pastor and author .
He was born in Grand Forks , North Dakota and in 1989 , he graduated from Highline High School in Burien , Washington , where he was the student body president and also wrote for the school newspaper .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Richard Whately commented that this parable `` is one which our Lord may be said to have put before his hearers twice ; once in words , once in action . ''
The tree was meant to bear the good fruit of the Holy Spirit and the gardener -LRB- vinedresser -RRB- is Jesus .
The Parable of the Barren Fig Tree -LRB- Luke 13:6 â `` 9 -RRB- written in the New Testament is a parable of Jesus .
The parable is connected to the miracle of cursing the fig tree .
It is a parable about a fig tree which does not produce fruit , unlike the parable of the budding fig tree .
Fig trees are often planted in vineyards .
The metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton . It is located between the phalanges -LRB- bones of the fingers -RRB- distal and the carpus which forms the connection to the forearm .
The metacarpus consists of metacarpal bones .
In 2000 , it had 1,334,544 people living in it .
Nassau County is a suburban county in the New York Metropolitan area east of New York City in the U.S. state of New York .
gu is the Internet abbreviation of country -LRB- top-level domain -RRB- -LRB- ccTLD -RRB- for Guam .
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Gaspar y Rimbau -LRB- Madrid , March 2 , 1842 â `` OlorÃ n , September 7 , 1902 -RRB- was a Spanish diplomat and writer . Gaspar y Rimbau wrote plays , zarzuelas -LRB- light operas -RRB- , and novels .
All Hope Is Gone is the 2nd single off the album by Slipknot called All Hope Is Gone .
He served as New York State Attorney General before becoming Governor of New York in 2007 .
Eliot Laurence Spitzer -LRB- born June 10 , 1959 -RRB- is an American lawyer and politician of the Democratic Party .
Arra is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan . It is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil .
It is on the River Lune and has a population of 45,952 . The larger City of Lancaster local government district is named after Lancaster .
Lancaster is the county town of Lancashire , England .
It is on the River Lune and has a population of 45,952 .
Lancaster is the most northerly city in Lancashire , three miles from Morecambe Bay .
Lancaster Castle is well known as the site of the Pendle witch trials in 1612 .
The larger City of Lancaster local government district is named after Lancaster .
The city is located on the River Lune , the Lancaster Canal , and the West Coast Main Line , and is close to the M6 motorway .
In vascular plants , phloem is the living tissue made up of small tubes which carry watery sap containing sugar and other organic nutrients to all parts of the plant where the nutrients are used for growth , or stored until needed .
Aphids -LRB- Greenfly -RRB- and other insects feed on the phloem by inserting a fine tube into the plant , penetrating the tiny phloem cells deep within the plant . The very high pressure in the phloem tubes forces the phloem sap into the insect .
The very high pressure in the phloem tubes forces the phloem sap into the insect .
In trees , the phloem is the innermost layer of the bark , therefore the name , that comes from the Greek word Ï Î '' Î Î Î Ï -LRB- phloios -RRB- for `` bark '' .
Lugaignac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Sodium hypochlorite is an unstable compound composed of sodium and hypochlorite ions .
Many asteroids were found at the observatory . Asteroids found include the Trojan asteroids 2223 Sarpedon , 2260 Neoptolemus , 2363 Cebriones , 2456 Palamedes , and 3494 Purple Mountain .
Purple Mountain Observatory is an observatory that uses telescopes to look at the stars for new objects in space . It can be found on the Purple Mountain in Nanjing , China .
Uhland is a city in Caldwell and Hays counties in the U.S. state of Texas .
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of 1.8 square miles -LRB- 4.7 kmÂ -RRB- , all of it land .
Master of the Queen 's Music -LRB- or Master of the King 's Music when the United Kingdom has a king -RRB- is the title given to one chosen composer of classical music ; it is a post in the Royal Household of the King or Queen of the United Kingdom .
The Master of the Queen 's Music is now Sir Peter Maxwell Davies . Instead of being appointed for life , he was appointed for a ten-year term , starting March 2004 .
A mercury battery is a primary cell .
Stephane Houdet and Stefan Olsson won in the final 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 against Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink .
The iTunes Store is an online store built into iTunes .
iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store if there is an internet connection to buy and download music , music videos , television shows , iPod games , audiobooks , podcasts , and movies .
The iTunes Store is an online store built into iTunes . iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store if there is an internet connection to buy and download music , music videos , television shows , iPod games , audiobooks , podcasts , and movies .
iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store if there is an internet connection to buy and download music , music videos , television shows , iPod games , audiobooks , podcasts , and movies . The files from the iTunes Store used to use Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- to prevent piracy .
Cormont is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Shells are commonly colored brown , black , or olive green .
The color of a turtle 's shell may vary .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle . It has a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
In some species , shells may have red , orange , yellow , or gray markings and these markings are often spots , lines , or irregular blotches .
The largest chelonian is a marine turtle , the great leatherback sea turtle , which reaches a shell length of 200 cm -LRB- 80 inches -RRB- and can reach a weight of over 900 kg -LRB- 2,000 lb , or 1 short ton -RRB- . Freshwater turtles are generally smaller , but with the largest species , the Asian softshell turtle Pelochelys cantorii , a few individuals have been reported to measure up to 200 cm or 80 in -LRB- Das , 1991 -RRB- .
Most turtles that live in the water have webbed feet like a duck . Tortoises have thick legs like elephants and sea turtles have flippers .
Some turtles can live for up to a year without eating . Turtles drink water often .
Florida City is a city of Florida in the United States .
Jorge Andrade -LRB- born 9 April 1978 -RRB- is a Portuguese football player .
It was founded in 1907 in the city of Prague .
AFK Union Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov is a football club in the Czech Republic .
It was founded circa 1958 â `` 1959 by Malaclypse the Younger , who published its most important text : the Principia Discordia .
The place of birth is the place where a person was born .
This place is often used in legal documents , together with name and date of birth , to uniquely identify a person .
Albinism is a hereditary condition . It is usually inherited in a recessive pattern ; it means , both parents should carry the albinism gene to have a child with albinism .
Praxidike orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,824,000 km in 613.904 days , at an inclination of 144 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 143 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.1840 .
Praxidike belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid .
With an estimated diameter of 7 km , Praxidike is the second biggest member of the group after Ananke itself -LRB- assumed albedo of 0.04 -RRB-
It was named in August 2003 after Praxidike , the Greek goddess of punishment .
Basseux is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Snitsky was released from his WWE contract on December 11 , 2008 .
Eugene Alan `` Gene '' Snisky -LRB- born January 14 , 1970 in Nesquehoning , Pennsylvania -RRB- better known by his ring name Snitsky , is a American professional wrestler best known for the four years he spent with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Hayato Hashimoto -LRB- born 15 September 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Omiya Ardija .
Each manifold has a dimension .
A Manifold is a concept from mathematics .
He was born in YapeyÃ , Corrientes , Argentina .
JosÃ de San MartÃ n -LRB- 1778 - 1850 -RRB- was an Argentine military commander .
Together with SimÃ n BolÃ var , San MartÃ n is called as one of the Liberators of South America .
The bird 's beak was large and immensely powerful , leading early researchers to believe that it was used to shear through tough plant stalks .
Dromornis are part of a family of giant birds called Dromornithidae that lived from 15 million years ago until less than 30,000 years ago .
Dromornis is a genus of fossil flightless birds .
It lived in Australia from the late Miocene to the early Pliocene .
Its legs were powerful , but it was not a fast runner .
D. stirtoni had a long neck and stub-like wings , so it was flightless .
However , others have argued that the size of the beak suggests that the bird was a carnivore .
The animals of Australia had evolved very slowly in almost complete isolation from the animals of other continents .
Dromornis stirtoni was three metres -LRB- 10 feet -RRB- tall and weighed up to half a ton -LRB- 500 kilos -RRB- .
Dromornis had a huge beak and jaw capable of great force . It did not have the typical beak and claws of a carnivore , and its life style is not certain .
It inhabited subtropical open woodland in Australia during the late Miocene . It may have been partly carnivorous .
It was heavier than the Moa and taller than Aepyornis .
Midlothian is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The word `` curfew '' comes from the French phrase `` couvre-feu '' which means `` cover the fire '' .
It was used to describe the time when all lamps and candles had to be blown out .
Lucimar da Silva Ferreira , called LÃ cio -LRB- born 8 May 1978 in BrasÃ lia , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football player and the captain of the Brazil national team , for that he has played 8 matches and made 4 goals . His team is Internazionale Milano .
The Mongolian Hamster -LRB- Allocricetulus curtatus -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family .
It is found in China and Mongolia .
There are 70,000 new AIDS orphans a year .
People in the past have guessed that by the year 2010 , over 20 million children would be AIDS orphans .
In 2005 , the country with the highest percentage of AIDS orphans among the country 's orphans was Zimbabwe .
The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV\/AIDS -LRB- UNAIDS -RRB- , the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- and the United Nations Children 's Fund -LRB- UNICEF -RRB- , use the term `` AIDS orphan '' to talk about children whose mothers died of AIDS before the child 's 15th birthday , whether the child 's father is still alive or not .
In 2007 , South Africa had more AIDS orphans than any other country , -LRB- although South Africa uses the term `` AIDS orphan '' differently than UNICEF and WHO . South Africa uses the term to talk about children under age 18 who lost either their father or their mother to AIDS -RRB- .
Because of this , some people say that 80 % of all `` AIDS orphans '' still have one parent who is still alive .
An AIDS orphan is a child who became an orphan because at least one of their parents died of AIDS .
It nests in colonies on oceanic islands .
The Red-tailed Tropicbird , Phaethon rubricauda , is a seabird that nests across the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
It is the rarest of the tropicbirds , yet is still a widespread bird that is not considered threatened .
Its county seat is Guymon .
Texas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Deconstruction looks at the smaller parts that were used to create an object .
Deconstruction is breaking something down into smaller parts .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
As Glock was a guest driver he was ineligible to score points .
Half points were awarded at the 2009 Malaysian Grand Prix as less than 75 % of the race distance was completed .
Season in progress .
At the Canadian Grand Prix , Glock replaced Giorgio Pantano at Jordan . Glock joined the small group of drivers who have scored a World Championship point in their first Formula One race .
Timo Glock -LRB- born 18 March 1982 -RRB- is a German motor racing driver .
Season in progress .
He plays for AnkaragÃ 1\/4 cÃ 1\/4 .
Darius Vassell -LRB- born 13 June 1980 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for AnkaragÃ 1\/4 cÃ 1\/4 .
The Yalta Conference -LRB- sometimes called the Crimea Conference -RRB- was held in February 1945 , just after the Second World War was over . It was when the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom -LRB- Winston Churchill -RRB- , the President of the United States -LRB- Franklin D. Roosevelt -RRB- and the dictator of the USSR -LRB- Joseph Stalin -RRB- all met and talked about what to do with Germany .
Bicknell is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .
The Fiat Stilo is a automobile produced by Fiat since 2001 .
Neunkirch is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Flag of Louisiana .
The 1953 Korean War armistice is a major example of an armistice which has not yet been followed by a peace treaty .
The word comes from the Latin arma , meaning weapons and statium , meaning a stopping .
An armistice is not the same as a peace treaty , which may take months or even years to agree on .
A truce or ceasefire usually refers to a temporary stop of hostilities for an agreed limited time or within a limited area .
A truce may be needed in order to negotiate an armistice .
The most famous armistice is the Armistice with Germany at the end of World War I , on 11 November , 1918 , signed near CompiÃ gne , France , and effective at the `` eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month . ''
An armistice is the effective end of a war , when the parties agree to stop fighting .
Armistices are always negotiated between the parties themselves and are thus generally seen as more binding than UN cease-fire resolutions in modern international law .
The United Nations Security Council often demands cease-fire of parties in modern conflicts .
Celle is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
And in 1881 parts of Granville County , Franklin County , and Warren County were combined to form Vance County .
As of 2000 , 48,498 people lived there .
Granville County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
In 1752 parts of Granville County , Bladen County , and Johnston County were combined to form Orange County .
Its county seat is Oxford .
Granville County is part of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
In 1764 the eastern part of Granville County became Bute County .
You 're destined to sing . ''
After the results were announced , Clarkson performed the song `` A Moment Like This '' , which was written for the winner of American Idol and would be released on her first CD Thankful .
Clarkson went to Pauline G Hughes Middle School and Burleson High School .
After finishing high school , Clarkson was offered full scholarships to The University of Texas at Austin , the University of North Texas , and the Berklee College of Music . However , she decided against college to pursue a career in music saying , `` you 're never too old to go to college . ''
Clarkson has sold over 10.6 million albums in the United States , becoming the highest-selling American Idol winner .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson -LRB- born April 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American singer who sometimes acts and has recorded four albums .
According to Nielsen SoundScan , Clarkson is also ranked on the top 200 album sellers of the Nielsen SoundScan era at number 187 .
In seventh grade , one of her teachers overheard her singing in a hallway and asked her to audition for the school choir .
She originally wanted to be a marine biologist , but changed her mind after she saw the movie Jaws .
She was the winner of the first season of the television show American Idol .
You 've got to sing .
Clarkson 's parents divorced when she was six years old , after having been married for seventeen years .
Clarkson continued singing and soon started classical training , hoping that music would be her ticket to a college scholarship .
She sang at her high school talent show , after which an audience member shared some inspiring words with her : `` God has given you this gift .
On September 4 , 2002 , Clarkson won the first season of American Idol , beating Justin Guarini by a margin of 58 % to 42 % .
When it was released as a single in October of 2002 , it set a record on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart when it rose from number 52 to number one .
In high school , Clarkson performed in musicals such as Annie Get Your Gun , Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Brigadoon .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson was born in Fort Worth , Texas , and grew up in Burleson , a small city on the outside of Fort Worth She is the third and youngest child of Jeanne Rose , a first grade teacher , and Stephen Michael Clarkson .
Dortan is a commune .
It is caused by a thyroid gland that is too active .
Hyperthyroidism is a medical condition .
The electoral agreement between the Labor Party and the Co-operative Party says that the Co-operative Party candidates must be members of the Labor Party as well .
Labor Co-operative or Labor and Co-operative is the name used in the United Kingdom to describe politicians who are elected as members of the Co-operative Party .
The Edict of Milan was a letter signed by the Roman emperors Constantine and Licinius , that proclamation religious toleration in the Roman Empire .
The two emperors were in Milan to celebrate the wedding of Constantine 's sister with Licinius .
The letter was issued in 313 , shortly after the end of the persecution of Christians by the emperor Diocletian .
But by the Edict of Milan the meeting places and other properties which had been taken from the Christians were to be returned : ... the same shall be restored to the Christians without payment or any claim of recompense and without any kind of fraud or deception ...
The Edict of Milan was issued in 313 AD , in the names of the Roman Emperors Constantine I , who ruled the western parts of the Empire , and Licinius , who ruled the east .
Wherefore , for this our indulgence , they ought to pray to their God for our safety , for that of the republic , and for their own , that the commonwealth may continue uninjured on every side , and that they may be able to live securely in their homes .
Flavius Theodosius -LRB- January 11 , 347 â `` January 17 , 395 -RRB- , also called Theodosius I and Theodosius the Great , was Roman Emperor from 379-395 .
He reunited the Eastern and Western Roman Empire , but was the last emperor of both parts of the empire .
He is also known for making Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire .
He loves chamber music and he started the International Chamber Music Festival of Stavanger .
In 1989 he started giving concerts in many countries in Europe , then in 1994 the United States with the Oslo Philharmonic , including debuts at Carnegie Hall and the Kennedy Center .
MÃ rk plays a cello that was made by Domenico Montagnana in Venice in 1723 .
He also played the violin , but soon changed to the cello , which his father taught him .
MÃ rk is a Professor at the Norwegian Academy of Music , Oslo .
In 1982 he became the first Scandinavian musician to reach the finals of the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow and won 6th Prize .
His mother began teaching him the piano when he was seven .
Truls MÃ rk -LRB- born Bergen , Norway , 25 April 1961 -RRB- is a Norwegian cellist .
When he was 17 MÃ rk studied with Frans Helmerson , then Heinrich Schiff and the Russian cellist Natalia Schakowskaya .
The two-stage Channel Tunnel Rail Link project was completed on 14 November 2007 , when the London terminus of Eurostar transferred from Waterloo International to St Pancras International station .
Since Eurostar began in 1994 , new lines have been built in Belgium -LRB- HSL 1 -RRB- and Southern England -LRB- High Speed 1 -RRB- to the same standard as the LGV Nord line originally used in France , reducing journey times .
The Penny Lilac was a postage stamp in Great Britain . It was first issued on 12 July 1881 .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria 's reign , and lots were printed .
A regular n-simplex may be made from a regular -LRB- n 1 -RRB- - simplex by connecting a new vertex to all the other vertices .
The 0-simplex is the point , the 1-simplex is the line segment -LRB- line connecting two points -RRB- .
In geometry , a simplex -LRB- plural : simplices or simplexes -RRB- , sometimes called n-simplex is the n-dimensional analog figure of the triangle .
A regular simplex is a simplex that is also a regular polytope .
The 3-simplex is the tetrahedron , and the 4-simplex is the pentachoron .
MÃ guet is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso .
According 1996 estimates , it has a population of 34,668 .
Its capital is situated at the town of MÃ guet .
Stockings that are similar to woman 's stockings are also made as parts of sport uniforms .
Tomorrow is the day that comes after today -LRB- this day -RRB- .
In French , it is called la SociÃ tÃ Radio-Canada -LRB- Radio-Canada or SRC -RRB- .
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , or CBC , is a national television and radio company in Canada .
Robert Moses `` Lefty '' Grove -LRB- March 6 , 1900 -- May 22 , 1975 -RRB- was a pitcher in Major League Baseball .
A Song of Ice and Fire is an award-winning series of fantasy books that were written by an American author , George R. R. Martin .
The series now consists of four books with three more planned .
Martin started writing the series in 1991 and the first book was published in 1996 .
The series has been translated into eighteen languages and is a best-seller , with the fourth volume reaching the top of the New York Times bestseller lists upon its release , and is considered Martin 's best book .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period .
British Rail Class D3\/9 was a class of four locomotives built by the London and North Eastern Railway at their Doncaster Works in England .
It burned down 13,200 houses , 87 churches , St. Paul 's Cathedral , and most of the government buildings .
Only a few deaths are certain , but for many of the victims there were no records . Also , the fire may have cremated many , leaving no recognisable remains .
It is believed that it destroyed the homes of 70,000 of the 80,000 people that lived in the city .
Despite numerous radical proposals , London was reconstructed on essentially the same street plan used before the fire .
It threatened the aristocratic district of Westminster -LRB- the modern West End -RRB- , Charles II 's Palace of Whitehall , and most of the suburban slums . However , it did not reach these districts .
The social and economic problems created by the disaster were very big .
Leaving London to go and live elsewhere was strongly encouraged by Charles II . He feared a London rebellion amongst the refugees who had lost their property .
A cupcake -LRB- or fairy cake -RRB- is a small cake made to serve one person , usually made in a small paper cup container .
As with larger cakes , icing and other decorations , such as sprinkles , are often put on them .
This is the list of Grand Viziers of the Ottoman Empire .
Until Hackney Central 's closure in 1944 , a passenger connection linked the two stations .
However , when Hackney Central reopened in 1985 , the footway did not reopen , and passengers transferring between the two stations are obliged to leave the station and transfer at street level .
Hackney Downs railway station is in the London Borough of Hackney in east London .
The station was originally opened as Downs Junction Station .
The station , and all trains serving it , is operated by National Express East Anglia , on the West Anglia route , and it is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
The station is a short walk from Hackney Central , on the North London Line .
His son , Philip II -LRB- 1527 â `` 1598 -RRB- moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
When Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castile came to Madrid , Spain had become a very rich country .
It is a type of substitution , or replacing , reaction . It happens when one nucleophile is replaced by another positive carbon atom .
This category contains lists related to the sport of ice hockey .
It was first made by Mark Overmars , but it is now made by the company YoYo Games .
Game Maker lets people make computer games without knowing a computer programming language . People who know how to use programming languages can use Game Maker 's own programming language , called Game Maker Language .
Game Maker started as an animation program called Animo .
The newest version is Game Maker 8 .
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Supported browsers are the current versions of Firefox , Safari and Chrome .
The default number of columns is 2 .
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
This template is a shortcut for producing columns using CSS .
Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident , sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum .
It generates the CSS for various browsers .
The Shiva-Samhita text defines the yogi as someone who knows that the entire cosmos is situated within his own body , and the Yoga-Shikha-Upanishad distinguishes two kinds of yogins : those who pierce through the `` sun '' -LRB- surya -RRB- by means of the various yogic techniques and those who access the door of the central conduit -LRB- sushumna-nadi -RRB- and drink the nectar .
HDTV picture resolution is at least twice that of SDTV , so it can present a more vivid screen than analog television or DVD .
High-definition television -LRB- HDTV -RRB- is a new television broadcasting system which uses a higher resolution than a normal television .
Bredbury is a village in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , in Greater Manchester , England . Bredbury is found 7 m southeast of the city of Manchester , and 2 m east-northeast of Stockport .
At the 2001 census it had a population of 15,126 people living there .
Saint-Rem Ã ze is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Indian religions are religions from the Indian subcontinent .
Heidi is a story written by Johanna Spyri published between 1880 and 1881 .
The feathers which cover the outside of a bird are called vaned feathers .
This template prevents word wraps -LRB- line breaks -RRB- in text with spaces in .
For text that includes a vertical bar '' '' , escape the bar -LRB- s -RRB- with or .
For text that includes an equals sign '' = '' , precede the text with .
Guerrilla is a word of Spanish origin . It means `` little war '' .
The rest of the Hadron family are known as baryons , which are made of three quarks .
Charged Mesons can decay into electrons and neutrinos , and uncharged Mesons can decay into photons .
Mesons are Hadrons , which simply means that they are made of quarks . Since quarks have different fractional charges , Mesons can have a charge .
All known baryons and quarks -LRB- and antiquarks -RRB- are fermions , and all mesons are bosons .
The pool does have animals and plants living there , including pickleweed , insects , and the Badwater snail .
Painted on the cliff above Badwater is a sign that says `` Sea Level '' which people visiting like to look at .
This means that even a 12-foot-deep , 30-mile-long lake would dry up in a single year .
Badwater Basin is the lowest point in North America , at 282 f below sea level .
During the Holocene , when the regional climate was less dry , streams that ran from mountains in the area slowly filled Death Valley until it was 3 feet -LRB- 1m -RRB- deep . Eventually , there was a 80 m long lake , Lake Manly .
While the basin is flooded , some of the salt dissolves and goes back into the basin as clean crystals when the water evaporates .
The pool is not actually the lowest point of the basin . The lowest point is several miles to the west , the exact point which is lowest changes .
However , the salt flats are dangerous to travel across -LRB- in many cases being only a thin white crust over mud -RRB- , therefore the sign states that the lowest point is at the pool , where people can see it .
At Badwater Basin , big rainstorms sometimes flood the bottom of the valley . They cover the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .
A Girl Like Me : The Gwen Araujo Story is a 2006 LGBT biography television film that was directed by Agnieszka Holland and was shown on the Lifetime Television network .
Scenes showing the murder trial are shown alternating with the story of Gwen 's life .
The story is about the real life murder of Gwen Araujo , who was born as Edward Araujo , Jr. , a transgender teenager who was murdered after some people that she knew found out that she had male sex organs .
It first aired on the Lifetime Television network on June 19 , 2006 .
The film stars J.D. Pardo as Gwen , Mercedes Ruehl as her mother , and Avan Jogia as her brother , Danny .
The Chesterfield and District Tramways Company was a tramway system in the Derbyshire town of Chesterfield .
Premier is sometimes used instead of Prime Minister .
It also won the 2006 Highlands Children 's Book award for Long Novels in 2006 .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
The Blessed Pope John XXIII -LRB- Latin : Ioannes XXIII -RRB- , born Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli -LRB- 25 November 1881-3 June 1963 -RRB- , was the Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 1958 until his death in 1963 .
Barie is a commune .
Formigny is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Gonneville-sur-Honfleur is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
... I Did It Again '' , `` Everybody -LRB- Backstreet 's Back -RRB- '' , `` That 's the Way It Is '' , and `` It 's My Life '' .
Raised in Sweden , he became a producer and songwriter in the mid 1990s after writing a string of hits for pop artists like the Backstreet Boys , Britney Spears , \* NSYNC , Kelly Clarkson , Katy Perry , and Pink , among many others .
Some of his earlier hits include `` I Want It That Way '' , '' ... Baby One More Time '' , `` Larger Than Life '' , `` Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely '' , `` Oops !
Martin Karl Sandberg , known professionally as Max Martin , -LRB- born 26 February 1971 -RRB- is a Swedish music producer and songwriter .
Give wikilinked and non-wikilinked names , as well as any possible abbreviations -LRB- eg .
United States , USA -RRB- .
Most countries are not yet covered .
Do NOT substitute this template at this time , it transludes the entire # switch construction instead of just the link you want .
__ notoc __ Given a country and a political party , this template will give an abbreviation that links to the entry on that party .
Each country contains 2 switch groups : one for acronyms , another for non-acronyms .
This second group should always end with the Independent and default options .
When adding entries within the template , list countries in alphabetical order .
The Adventures of Pinocchio is a book by Carlo Collodi , first published in 1883 .
The Moral Code was made at the 22nd Congress of the CPSU in 1961 , as part of the new Party Programme .
The Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve rules . It was made in the Soviet Union by the Communist Party of the USSR .
For example , `` You shall not commit adultery '' of Moses loosely corresponds to `` Mutual respect in a family , concern about the upbringing of children '' of the Code .
-LRB- An example is ` One for all , and all for one ' -LRB- '' Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ
The Code contained a number of popular Soviet cliches ; in fact it was intentionally formulated to contain catch phrases , either invented by Soviet ideologists , or borrowed .
For example , the `` Do not steal '' may be loosely matched to `` Concern of everyone about the preservation and multiplication of the common wealth '' .
Four of the rules , making up one-third of the Code , are of a political character .
The rules were thought more as guidelines . In contrast , the Ten Commandments were made to be rules of conduct , and perhaps even laws .
The very first moral principle was `` Devotion to the cause of communism '' .
, Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 '' -RRB- which was borrowed from The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas , pÃ re . -RRB-
Falls Church is a city of Virginia in the United States .
So the name signifies that the town was at the head or end of a round hill .
This probably refers to Tuach Hill to the south of the town .
Ceann means the head , or the end , and Torr means a round hill .
The name Kintore comes from the Gaelic , Ceann-an-torr .
Kintore -LRB- Gaelic : Ceann TÃ rr -RRB- is a town and former royal burgh near Inverurie in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , now bypassed by the A96 road between Aberdeen and Inverness .
Gran Turismo 4 is the 4th installment in the Gran Turismo video game series .
Hofmann wrote more than 100 scientific articles and a number of books , including LSD : My Problem Child -LRB- 1979 -RRB- .
Hofmann studied chemistry at the University of ZÃ 1\/4 rich .
This led to the synthesis of psilocybin , the active agent of many magic mushrooms .
His main interest was the chemistry of plants and animals , and he studied about the chemical structure of the common animal substance chitin .
He became director of the natural products department at Sandoz and went on studying hallucinogenic substances found in Mexican mushrooms and other plants used by the aboriginal people .
Albert Hofmann -LRB- born January 11 1906 in Baden , Switzerland - died April 29 2008 in Burg im Leimental , Switzerland -RRB- was a Swiss scientist best known for having invented Lysergic acid diethylamide -LRB- LSD -RRB- .
Lymph nodes are found all through the body , and remove foreign -LRB- not of the body -RRB- objects from the body . Lymph nodes contain white blood cells .
In the human body , the most likely place where lymph nodes can be felt are the neck , underarms , and groin area .
Lymph nodes contain white blood cells .
A Lymph node is an organ consisting of many types of cells , and is a part of the lymphatic system .
They attempt to show that the assumed propositions lead to a logical contradiction and can not therefore all be correct .
Arguments such as these are about the logical problem of evil .
Since the aim is only to defeat the assertion that God and evil are logically incompatible , even a highly implausible instance of God 's coexistence with evil is sufficient for the purpose .
Some philosophers accept that arguments such as `` God allows evil in order to achieve the greater good of free will '' are logically possible and thus solve the logical problem of evil .
Responses include the argument that if there is free will , evil must necessarily exist ; that humans can not understand God ; that evil is simply being without god ; or that there is evil because the world is corrupted and fallen -LRB- from grace -RRB- .
Place the template in the location where the TOC is to be displayed .
This provides editors an option to better pages with long TOCs so that the lead is n't by default occupied with a large amount of dead blank space .
This template is for page -LRB- Table Of Contents -RRB- code to go into a collapsible box that has -LRB- show -RRB- \/ -LRB- hide -RRB- functionality with the default being that the box is collapsed -LRB- and the TOC hidden -RRB- thereby allowing for a single click on the -LRB- show -RRB- area for display .
The necessity of this template is often disputed , so apply it with consideration .
A suggested alternative is .
Note that Show Preview will show the TOC ; the page must first be saved before the TOC will be hidden .
The Fiat Panda is a small car made by Fiat til 2003 .
It is celebrated every year on the fourth Thursday of November in the USA and on the second Monday of October in Canada .
`` Heart-Shaped Box '' is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana . It was written by lead singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain .
It was released on August 23 , 1993 as the first single from their third studio album In Utero .
LucÃ ram is a commune .
Orange City is a city of Florida in the United States .
These units were the first express 25 kV alternating current -LRB- AC -RRB- units to be built by British Rail , and British Rail 's first EMUs to be capable of 100 mph .
The British Rail Class 309 `` Clacton Express '' electric multiple units -LRB- EMUs -RRB- were built by British Rail -LRB- BR -RRB- York Works from 1962-1963 .
They were initially classified as Class AM9 before the introduction of TOPS .
He plays for Borussia Dortmund and Egypt national team .
Mohamed Zidan -LRB- born 11 December 1981 -RRB- is an Egyptian football player .
Bernhard `` Bert '' Carl Trautmann OBE -LRB- born October 22 , 1923 -RRB- is a former German football player . He played from 1949 to 1964 for Manchester City as the keeper .
But after the 1956 FA Cup final , the fans accept Trautmann as a good player for their team .
At the 75th minute of this game , Trautmann was hit by a player from Birmingham .
Dominique Rocheteau -LRB- born 14 January 1955 -RRB- is a former French football player .
Note : in 2002 the award was not given .
This is a list with all the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour Awards given by the WTA Tour to players who have done or achieved something remarkable during the season or their career .
Chavanges is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Le Mesnil-Caussois is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Lewis and Clark Expedition was the first American expedition to sight the Snake River .
The Shoshone and Nez Perce Indians lived on the Snake River .
The Shoshone and Nez Perce Indians lived on the Snake River . The Lewis and Clark Expedition was the first American expedition to sight the Snake River .
Baby Mario and Baby Luigi are being taken to their parents by the Stork , but a Magikoopa named Kamek attacks it , kidnapping Baby Luigi and causing Baby Mario to drop to Yoshi 's Island .
Baby Mario lands on the back of Yoshi , who , along with seven other Yoshis , helps Baby Mario defeat Baby Bowser and rescue Baby Luigi .
Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island -LRB- called Super Mario : YosshÄ `` Island in Japan -RRB- is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console .
A follow-up game called Yoshi 's Story was released for the Nintendo 64 , and a direct sequel was released for the Nintendo DS called Yoshi 's Island DS .
Speedily Approved .
Exeter is a city in England .
TelÃ Santana -LRB- 26 July 1931 â `` 21 April 2006 -RRB- was a former Brazilian football player and manager .
Na + \/ K + - ATPase -LRB- fully Sodium-Potassium Adenosine Triphosphatase , also known as the Na + \/ K + pump , sodium-potassium pump , or simply sodium pump , for short -RRB- is an enzyme found in the plasma membrane that removes Na + -LRB- sodium -RRB- ions and replaces them with K + -LRB- potassium -RRB- ions .
Yojiro Takahagi -LRB- born 2 August 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima .
Nausea is a general feeling of unease and discomfort in the stomach , often with the urge to vomit .
Nausea is a symptom , rather than an illness or disease . The causes for it very often are not in the stomach itself , but somewhere else in the body .
Nausea is a symptom , rather than an illness or disease .
Connective tissue -LRB- CT -RRB- is found throughout the body .
Connective tissue is a fibrous tissue .
It is one of the four traditional classes of tissues -LRB- the others being epithelial , muscle , and nervous tissue -RRB- .
Collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % of the total protein content .
Connective tissue makes up a variety of physical structures including , tendons , blood , cartilage , bone , adipose tissue , and lymphatic tissue .
CT is classified into three subtypes ; Embryonic CT , Proper CT , and Special CT .
It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .
Finntroll 's lyrics are in Swedish , one of Finland 's two national languages , because they say `` Swedish just sounds damn trollish '' .
After the demo Samu Ruotsalainen -LRB- drums -RRB- , Samuli Ponsimaa -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Henri Sorvali -LRB- keyboard -RRB- and Sami Uusitalo joined the band .
One year later they recorded their first demo , Rivfader .
Finntroll is a folk metal band from Finland .
On January 29th , 2006 , Tapio Wilska , vocalist of the band since 2003 , left the band .
They mix elements of extreme metal with Finnish polka , called humppa .
The record company Spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album Midnattens Widunder was recorded .
It was originally called Yorkshire and Humberside , and defined as North Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , South Yorkshire and Humberside .
The highest point of the region is Whernside , in the Yorkshire Dales , at 737 metres . The largest freshwater lake is Hornsea Mere in the East Riding of Yorkshire .
Yorkshire and the Humber is one of the regions of England .
It covers most of the historic county of Yorkshire , along with the part of northern Lincolnshire that was previously in the administrative area of Humberside -LRB- which existed 1974-1996 -RRB- .
Winchester Cathedral is a mediaeval Anglican church in Winchester , Hampshire .
It is the seat of the Bishop of Winchester .
CondÃ - en-Brie is a commune .
In the United Kingdom , the entire series aired on Sky One and BBC Two .
Seasons one to five of the series ran on the WB . In 2001 , it moved to the United Paramount Network -LRB- UPN -RRB- for its final two seasons .
This is a list of episodes for the American television series , Buffy the Vampire Slayer . The series began on March 10 , 1997 and aired until May 19 , 2003 .
Two all-season collections -LRB- The Chosen Collection and The Complete DVD Collection -RRB- have been also been released .
All the seven seasons of the series are available on DVDs for regions 1 and region 2 .
Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune .
A groove may be through , meaning that it passes all the way through the surface and its ends are open , or stopped , meaning that one or both of the ends finish before the groove meets edge of the surface .
Typically , a groove is used to house the panels in frame and panel construction and the bottoms drawers .
In joinery , a groove is a slot or trench cut into a member which runs parallel to the grain .
Grooves are used for several purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields .
A groove is something else than a dado , which runs across the grain .
She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared on her own reality TV show , Totally Jodie Marsh .
Jodie Louise Marsh -LRB- born 23 December 1978 -RRB- is an English glamour model and television personality .
Massachusetts General Hospital is a very large hospital in the state of Massachusetts .
The easiest firmware to update is usually the system boot-related firmware , such as the BIOS in PCs . Some devices , such as video adapters and modems , frequently rely on firmware that is loaded by the operating system device drivers , and thus is updated by the operating system not by the user .
Some computer viruses and hackers use operating system firmware update facilities to damage the firmware . An electronic device is said to be `` bricked '' if it is unable to start due to firmware issues .
He is the son of Carlos ColÃ n , Sr. and the younger brother of pro wrestlers Stacy and Carly ColÃ n , who used to wrestle as Carlito in WWE .
Edwin `` Eddie '' Carlos ColÃ n -LRB- born December 21 , 1982 -RRB- is a Puerto Rican pro wrestler .
The brothers , known as The ColÃ ns , were the first team to win the WWE Tag Team Championship and the World Tag Team Championship at the same time , making them the first Unified WWE Tag Team Champions .
He is working in World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- wrestling on its RAW brand as Primo .
In the Star Wars fictional universe , battle droids are robots that are made for fighting .
Battle droids are used by the Confederacy of Independent Systems to fight the Galactic Republic .
If the control ship is destroyed , the droids shut off .
When he realized that Severus had other intentions , Albinus had himself declared Emperor in 195 but was defeated by Severus at the Battle of Lugdunum on 19 February 197 .
However , three other prominent Romans challenged for the throne : Pescennius Niger in Syria , Clodius Albinus in Britain , and Severus in Pannonia .
The Year of the Five Emperors refers to the year 193 AD , in which there were five claimants for the title of Roman Emperor .
The five were Pertinax , Didius Julianus , Pescennius Niger , Clodius Albinus and Severus .
Clodius Albinus initially supported Septimius Severus believing that he would succeed him .
Consolidating his power , Severus battled Pescennius Niger at Cyzicus and Nicea in 193 and then defeated him at Issus in 194 .
Later that same day , Didius Julianus outmaneuvered Titus Flavius Sulpicianus -LRB- Pertinax 's father-in-law and also the new City Prefect -RRB- for the title of Emperor .
The year 193 opened with the murder of Commodus on New Year 's Eve , 31 December 192 . The City Prefect Pertinax was proclaimed Emperor on New Year 's Day , 1 January 193 .
Didius Julianus however offered 25,000 to each soldier to win the auction and was proclaimed Emperor by the Roman Senate on 28 March .
Flavius Sulpicianus offered to pay each soldier 20,000 sestertii to buy their loyalty -LRB- eight times their annual salary ; also the same amount offered by Marcus Aurelius to secure their favors in 161 -RRB- .
Radio 4 costs Â # 71.4 million a year , and is the BBC 's most expensive national radio network . Many people think of it as the corporation 's flagship .
The current controller of Radio 4 is Gwyneth Williams .
The station has also been designated as the UK 's national broadcaster in times of national emergency such as a war , meaning that even if all other radio stations were forced to close , Radio 4 would still carry on broadcasting .
Because the longwave service can be received clearly at sea around the coasts of Britain and Ireland , Radio 4 also carries regular weather forecasts for shipping and gale warnings .
It replaced the BBC Home Service in 1967 .
BBC Radio 4 is a domestic UK radio station which broadcasts a wide variety of spoken-word programs including news , drama , comedy , science and history .
There are occasional concerts on Radio 4 , and ball-by-ball commentaries of most test matches played by England cricket are broadcast on longwave .
She is also in charge of its sister station BBC Radio 4 Extra .
Radio 4 is the second most popular British domestic radio station after Radio 2 . It was named `` UK Radio Station of the Year '' at the 2008 Sony Radio Academy Awards , an award it had also won in 2003 and 2004 , .
Haux , Gironde is a commune .
Saint-Symphorien-sous-Chom Ã rac is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Saint-Germain-le-Vasson is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Alonso SÃ nchez Coello , -LRB- 1531\/32 , BenifairÃ de les Valls , near Valencia - August 8 1588 , Madrid -RRB- was the best portrait painter of the Spanish Renaissance and one of the pioneers of the great tradition of Spanish portrait painting .
The rainbow trout is one of many different kinds of trout .
It can be found almost everywhere . The rainbow trout is one of many different kinds of trout .
A rainbow trout is a species -LRB- kind -RRB- of fish . It is farmed in some places .
Anabolism is the set of metabolic pathways that make molecules from smaller units .
The Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- or OED -RRB- is a type of dictionary published by the Oxford University Press in England since 1888 .
Å koda Superb is a car produced by Å koda Auto from 2001 to the present day .
In 1922 much of Ireland became independent as the Irish Free State -LRB- now called Ireland -RRB- from the United Kingdom .
The UK still has strong economic , cultural , military and political influence and is a nuclear power .
The economic cost of two world wars and the decline of the British Empire in the mid 20th century reduced its leading role in global affairs .
The new country was called the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
The UK is a developed country with fifth largest economy in the world .
Northern Ireland and Wales have their own devolved Assemblies which have some powers but less than the Scottish parliament . The UK Parliament remains sovereign and it could end the devolved administrations at any time .
It is a member state of the European Union . The UK holds a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council , and is a member of the G8 , NATO , World Trade Organization and the Commonwealth of Nations .
Ferruccio Valcareggi -LRB- born 12 February , 1919 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Benham is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
It took place on July 11 , 2004 from the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford , Connecticut
Vengeance -LRB- 2004 -RRB- was the fourth Vengeance professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
The game is the sequel to the original PC game , Barbie Fashion Show .
Barbie Fashion Show : An Eye for Style is an upcoming video game being made by Activision . It is part of the Barbie franchise .
Iviers is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
With a different calendar , the same calendar date may refer to a different day . This can be seen easiest when comparing the Julian calendar with the Gregorian calendar .
Most calendar systems have a date format that has three parts , the day of a certain month , the month and the year .
Kimora Lee Simmons was born in 1975 in Brooklyn , New York . She 's a fashion company owner for Baby Phat , a model , and a mother of three .
The English verb gush is probably related to that word -RRB- .
However , eruptions may be infrequent , and have in the past stopped altogether for years at a time .
Geysir lies on the slopes of Laugarfjall hill at , which is also the home to Strokkur geyser about 400 metres south .
This particular geyser is in the Haukadalur valley , Iceland .
The English word geyser to describe a spouting hot spring derives from Geysir -LRB- which itself is derived from the Icelandic verb gjÃ sa meaning to erupt .
Eruptions at Geysir can hurl boiling water up to 60 metres in the air .
Geysir -LRB- sometimes known as The Great Geysir -RRB- is the name for a hot spring which erupts in a very special way .
Daniel Hamhuis -LRB- born December 13 , 1982 in Smithers , British Columbia , Canada -RRB- is a professional Canadian ice hockey defencemen that currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
This provision was made in order to allow emergency joining with Class 377 DC third-rail electric units .
The Class 171 `` Turbostar '' is a type of DMU operated by Southern . The Class 171 is identical to the Class 170 , except for the replacement of the BSI coupler with a Dellner coupler .
This was Scorsese 's first Academy Award for Best Director .
Tamarac is a city of Florida in the United States .
This category contains articles relate to GP2 Series .
Redding is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Fleury , Aisne is a commune .
When the truth comes out , CiarÃ n leaves the Druids and Sevenwaters and Niamh is forced to marry the UÃ NÃ ill chieftan , Fionn .
CiarÃ n returned in hiding as a tinker during the ceremory for Sorcha .
Niamh has great beauty and is ` expected ' to wed Eamonn , a nearby chieftan .
Eamonn returns from the chase and tells the tale of how Naimh slips on the rocks and fell into the bog and died . All that remained was a cord that Liadan made for Niamh that held a white stone given to her by CiarÃ n.
This was why they were not allowed to wed and that he could never be a druid since he carried the blood of the sorceress Lady Oonah .
They are the children of Sorcha and Iubdan -LRB- formerly Hugh of Harrowfield -RRB- .
Sean , Liadan 's brother and heir to Sevenwaters , wants to buy the Painted Man 's fighting men in their long battle for the sacred islands .
Booklist in 2001 said that `` Marillier 's virtuosic pacing and vivid , filmic style make this an engaging continuation of one of the last year 's best fantasies '' .
With the help of Bran they plan on secretly taking Niamh out of SÃ dhe Dubh and take her to a Christian nunnery where she can be safe .
Liam was indeed killed by a Britons arrow and his nephew Sean takes control of Sevenwaters .
The Tuatha DÃ Danann demand that she and her son remain in the forest , but she refuses to comply .
Aisling will be allowed to go Sevenwaters and Liadan can leaves with Bran and Gull if she can find them and leave before dusk .
Liadan has had visions of Eamonn torturing Bran .
He tells Liadan that Niamh is indeed alive and safe .
Eamonn actually asks for the hand of Liadan , she says that she will give him an answer in one year .
In this novel , Liadan grows up in Sevenwaters with her twin brother Sean and her older sister Niamh .
During this visit Liadan discovers that her sisters husband has been beating her . She uses her mind gifts to help Niamh .
Liadan finally gives birth to her son . Her mother and father realize when the child is born that his father -LRB- Bran -RRB- must have been the son of John and Margery , kinsman of Iubdan when he was Lord of Horrowfield .
Son of the Shadows won the 2001 Aurealis Awards for Fantasy Novel .
On her deathbed Sorcha tells Iubdin that he must return to Harrowfield and learn the truth about John and Margery 's son .
Sean fearful for Aisling convinces Liadan to go to SÃ dhe Dubh to bring Aisling back so they can be married .
So their union was forbidden by blood .
CiarÃ n is the son of Lord Colum and the Lady Oonah , he is half brother to Niamh 's mother .
Upon this attack , all his men were killed , and his life was spared by a man called the Painted Man .
He swears that he will kill him .
Liadan follows in her mothers tradition in learning the healing arts .
They then learn that Fionn was recently killed in his sleep .
When she arrives at SÃ dhe Dubh she learns from Eamonn that he indeed has Bran held prisoner .
When Bran finds out that she is the daughter of Hugh of Horrowfield , he sends her back home .
Son of the Shadows is a fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier and the second book in the Sevenwaters Trilogy first published in 2000 .
After Bran leaves , Liadan has a vision of her Uncle Liam 's death ; a vision of Eamonn telling Aisling that she could not marry Sean and then her suicide .
Liadan discovers their secret during a walk in the forest .
Bran comes to Sevenwaters in secret to meet with Sean and meets Liadan , she tells him of his son .
Publishers Weekly said that `` The story , though a bit light on the magic and heavy on the romantic , is reminiscent of Jennifer Roberson 's Chesuli series .
When she returns to Sevenwaters , she finds she is pregnant with Bran 's child .
Liadan and her sister visit Sean 's future bride and Eamonn 's sister at his estate called SÃ dhe Dubh .
Liadan names the child Johnny .
It follows the path of Sorcha and Red 's third child , Liadian , a girl who lives outside the pattern of the ` Fair Folk ' , also known as TÃ atha DÃ Danann .
Shortly after the birth of Johnny , Sorcha dies .
She reveals this to her father Iubdin and she convinces Bran that his future might lie in returning to his roots at Harrowfield in Briton , while his men talk of setting up a school for warriors .
With the help of Finbar she realizes that she has his gift of sight and can read and heal the minds of others .
Fantasy addicts should love it '' .
But before her death Liadan tells Sorcha , Iubdin and Finbar the story of Niamh 's abuse by her husband ; the escape from SÃ dhe Dubh with the help of Bran ; and her belief that Niamh is not dead .
She makes a deal with Eamonn , in exchange for not revealing that Eamonn betrayed his kinsman Liam and sacrificed his life in exchange for the Painted Man capture .
CiarÃ n gives Liadan a gift for helping rescue Niamh for her abusive husband and returning her to CiarÃ n , a mysterious raven named Fiacha .
Liadan learns Bran 's hidden truth about his childhood during her fight to bring him back from the torture inflicted on him .
All of the leaders go to a meeting to discuss the feud with the Britons .
At the last moment Eamonn and Fionn return and attack Bran and Gull as they escape with Niamh .
During the festival of Imbolc , a young druid named CiarÃ n tells the story of Aengus Ã `` g and Caer Ibormeith and catches the fancy of Niamh . They are soon having a secret love affair .
She accepts the task and eventually falls in love with Bran , their leader .
Jackie Cassada in The Library Journal said `` Marillier blends old legends with original storytelling to produce an epic fantasy that belongs in most libraries '' .
He also tells her the truth of why they could not wed. .
While staying at Sevenwaters , Eamonn tells a tale of a recent attack by a band of mercenaries .
Liadan goes with her sister on the trip to her new home . On the way back she is kidnapped by an outlaw and brought to the camp of `` The Painted Man '' in order to try to save the life of their smith who was hurt in an accident .
With the help of some magic and Fiacha they make it safely through the bog that surrounds SÃ dhe Dubh .
Inokashira Park , for example , is in the south part of the district , and is a favorite place for springtime hanami , or to see cherry-blossoms . The Kanda River -LRB- ç ç '' å -RRB- begins to flow from this park .
The oldest surviving structure on the castle site dates to the 11th century , although there are good reasons to suppose that there was a stronghold there before the Norman Conquest .
Corfe Castle is a small village and ruined castle dating back to the 11th century , situated in a gap in the Purbeck Hills , five miles south of Wareham , in Dorset , England .
Edward the Martyr was killed at the site on March 18 , 978 .
It is a type of severe and dangerous leukopenia -LRB- a condition of very low number of white blood cells -RRB- . If the agranulocytosis is because of a lack of neutrophils -LRB- called neutropenia -RRB- , it is especially bad .
Gerard PiquÃ -LRB- born 2 February 1987 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Barcelona and Spain national team .
Paul has been manager of Macclesfield Town , Milton Keynes Dons -LRB- which he made champions of League Two -RRB- and of Blackburn Rovers .
Some editors had worked for the Frankfurter Zeitung , which was banned in 1943 .
The first edition of the FAZ published on November 1 , 1949 . Its founding editor was Erich Welter .
GÃ nsbrunnen is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Haug met Bernard Fanning at university and Fanning decided to join the band .
Later , Jon Coghill joined when Bishop left .
Silverchair and Missy Higgins also performed .
The 2007 Across the Great Divide tour featured Powderfinger and Silverchair playing concerts across Australia to help promote Reconciliation Australia , a charity that tries to improve the lives of Indigenous Australians .
Two songs on Odyssey Number Five appeared in movies ; `` These Days '' was from the movie Two Hands , and `` My Kind of Scene '' was part of Mission : Impossible II .
Ian Haug , John Collins , and Steven Bishop -LRB- drums -RRB- , had been playing music with other bands , when they decided to form Powderfinger . The band 's name came from the song `` Powderfinger '' by Neil Young .
Vulture Street won four ARIA Awards including `` Album of the Year '' in 2003 .
In October 2007 , Powderfinger played a concert at the Sydney Opera House as part of `` Breast Cancer Awareness Month '' .
Internationalist was the first Powderfinger album to win an ARIA Award ; it won `` Album of the Year '' , `` Best Rock Album '' and `` Best Cover Art '' at the 1999 ARIA Awards .
`` The Day You Come '' , the first single , won `` Single of the Year '' in 1999 .
Powderfinger 's next album , Odyssey Number Five -LRB- released in 2000 -RRB- , is their most famous .
After the album was released , Powderfinger went on a concert tour with Silverchair , another Australian band . On the tour , called the Across the Great Divide tour , the band played shows in lots of cities in Australia and New Zealand .
Powderfinger is a rock band from Brisbane , Australia . The band started in 1989 .
In 1998 , they released Internationalist .
Lorenz began his studies in 1922 at Columbia University , but he returned to Vienna in 1923 to continue his studies at the University of Vienna until 1928 .
Lorenz does not see human independence from natural ecological processes as necessarily bad .
Lorenz predicted that market economics could eventually destroy Earth 's ecosystem .
He arrived back in Altenberg `` with manuscript and bird intact . ''
In his autobiographical essay , published in 1973 in Les Prix Nobel -LRB- people who win the Nobel Prize are asked to write essays about their lives -RRB- , Lorenz said that his parents were the main reason he was so successful . He also said that a book by Selma Lagerlof called The Wonderful Adventures of Nils that he read as a child was the reason he became interested in wild geese .
Lorenz argued that if our senses gave us wrong information about our environment , humanity would soon be extinct .
Positive feedback always involves the danger of an ` avalanche ' effect ... One particular kind of positive feedback occurs when individuals of the same species enter into competition among themselves ... For many animal species , environmental factors keep ... intraspecies selection from -LRB- leading to -RRB- disaster ... But there is no force which exercises this type of healthy regulatory effect on humanity 's cultural development ; unfortunately for itself , humanity has learned to overcome all those environmental forces which are external to itself '' .
He tried to become a motorcycle mechanic , but instead he was assigned as a medic .
Lorenz states that humanity is the only species that is not forced to abide by these mechanisms , as humans are the only species that has the ability to change its own environment : '' -LRB- The pace of human ecology -RRB- is determined by the progress of man 's technology '' . Not only that , but human ecology -LRB- economy -RRB- is governed by mechanisms of positive feedback , defined as a mechanism which tends to encourage behavior rather than to discourage it .
Konrad Lorenz died on 27 February 1989 , in Altenberg .
Lorenz retired from the Max Planck Institute in 1973 but continued to research and publish from his family home , in Austria .
Another contribution is his work on imprinting .
His scientific work appeared mainly in journal articles , written in German ; they became widely known to English-speaking scientists through the descriptions of it in Tinbergen 's 1951 book The Study of Instinct , though many of his papers were later published in English translation in the two volumes titled Studies in Animal and Human Behavior .
The manuscript became his book Behind the Mirror .
Lorenz shared the 1973 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine `` for discoveries in individual and social behavior patterns '' with two other important early ethologists , Niko Tinbergen and Karl von Frisch .
When he was sent back home after the war , he was allowed to keep both the manuscript of the book he had been writing and his pet starling .
His influence on a younger generation of ethologists , as well as his books , were important in bringing ethology to the attention of the general public .
Lorenz joined the Nazi Party in 1938 and accepted a university position under Nazi Germany .
`` To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things -LRB- that they would normally not do , such as -RRB- run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
In 1940 Lorenz became a professor of psychology at the University of KÃ nigsberg .
Lorenz ' answer comes from evolutionary biology .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz -LRB- Vienna , 7 November 1903 -- Vienna , 27 February 1989 -RRB- was an Austrian zoologist , naturalist , ornithologist and Nobel Prize winner .
All these inhibitory mechanisms ... act as a counterweight to the effects of learning mechanisms ... The organism can not allow itself to pay a price which is not worth paying '' .
In 1969 , he became the first person to receive the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca .
Together with Niko Tinbergen , Lorenz formed the idea of an innate releasing mechanism to explain instinctive behaviors -LRB- fixed action patterns -RRB- .
Lorenz 's best-known books are King Solomon 's Ring -LRB- nonfiction -RRB- King Solomon 's Ring and On Aggression , both written for a popular audience .
In this book , Lorenz proposes that the best hope for mankind lies in our looking for mates based on the kindness of their hearts rather than good looks or wealth .
At this university he became an assistant professor from 1928 to 1935 .
He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in 1941 .
Only things that help a species to survive and reproduce are kept .
Therefore we can be sure that our senses give us correct information , for otherwise we would not be here to be deceived .
He was a prisoner of war in the Soviet Union from 1942 to 1948 .
It is obvious that the predator is strongly interested in the survival of that species , animal or vegetable , which constitutes its prey .
During this time , he continued to work as a medical doctor and `` got quite friendly with some Russians , mostly doctors '' .
Building on the ideas of William McDougall , Lorenz developed this into a `` psychohydraulic '' explanation of the motives -LRB- reasons -RRB- of behavior .
... It is not uncommon that the prey species derives specific benefits from its interaction with the predator species ... '' .
In his application for membership to the Nazi-party NSDAP he wrote in 1938 : `` I 'm able to say that my whole scientific work is devoted to the ideas of the National Socialists . ''
In his 1973 book Behind the Mirror : a search for a natural history of human knowledge , Lorenz considers an old philosophical question : Do our senses actually tell us about the world as it is ? Or do they only give us an illusion ?
Lorenz studied instinctive behavior in animals , especially in Greylag geese and jackdaws .
However , the principle of competition , typical of Western societies , destroys any chance of this : `` The competition between human beings destroys with cold and diabolic brutality ... Under the pressure of this competitive fury we have not only forgotten what is useful to humanity as a whole , but even that which is good and advantageous to the individual .
Indeed , he states that `` a completely new -LRB- ecology -RRB- which corresponds in every way to -LRB- humanity 's -RRB- desires ... could , theoretically , prove as durable as that which would have existed without his intervention '' p36 .
In nature , these mechanisms tend towards a ` stable state ' among the living beings of an ecology : `` A closer examination shows that these beings ... not only do not damage each other , but often constitute a community of interests .
In his 1973 book , Civilized Man 's Eight Deadly Sins , Lorenz considered the following paradox : `` All the advantages that man has gained from his ever-deepening understanding of the natural world that surrounds him , his technological , chemical and medical progress , all of which should -LRB- help -RRB- to -LRB- ease -RRB- human suffering ... tends instead to -LRB- make -RRB- humanity 's destruction -LRB- more likely than it was before -RRB- . ''
Barlin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
This river flows through Kumamoto , Å ita , Fukuoka and Saga prefectures in Japan .
It rises under the Mount Aso , is 143 km long and is the longest river of KyÅ `` shÅ `` .
Weill had to flee from Nazi Germany in March 1933 .
It was called Dreigroschenoper -LRB- The Threepenny Opera -RRB- . It was based on an opera called The Beggar 's Opera which had been written in 1728 by John Gay .
As a famous and popular Jewish composer , he was a target of the Nazi authorities , who criticized and even interfered with performances of his later stage works , such as Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny , Die BÃ 1\/4 rgschaft -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , and Der Silbersee -LRB- 1933 -RRB- .
He went first to Paris , where he started a work with Jean Cocteau but it was not finished . He wrote one more work with Brecht : the ballet The Seven Deadly Sins .
The Threepenny Opera includes a song which became Weill 's most famous song , `` Mack the Knife '' .
Weill stopped working with Brecht in 1930 because they had political disagreements .
The Boston Police Strike happened in Massachusetts during 1919 .
Coupru is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Colombia national football team is the national football team of Colombia .
Joss Whedon posted a message on a popular fan site , The Bronze : Beta , in which he showed his surprise . He said he was `` heartbroken '' .
In the fictional universe created by Buffy -LRB- the Buffyverse -RRB- , Angel was born in 18th century Ireland . After being turned into a soulless immortal vampire , he became very well known for the evil things he did .
Whedon believed that `` Angel was the one character who was bigger than life in the same way that Buffy was , a kind of superhero . ''
On Valentine 's Day , 2004 , the WB Network said that Angel would not be brought back for a sixth season .
The series was created by Buffys creator Joss Whedon along with David Greenwalt . It first aired in October of 1999 .
Fans created letter-writing campaigns and online petitions . They tried to get other networks , UPN mainly -LRB- the network that picked up Buffy -RRB- , to pick up the show .
While the main idea behind Buffy was `` High school as a horror movie '' in small-town America , Greenwalt and Whedon wanted to make Angel into a different `` gritty , urban show '' .
Like Buffy , it was produced by Whedon 's production company , Mutant Enemy .
Angel is a spin-off from the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Several years before the Angel first showed on television , writer Joss Whedon created the idea behind Buffy the Vampire Slayer to change the Hollywood formula of `` the little blonde girl who goes into a dark alley and gets killed in every horror movie . ''
Joss Whedon and David Greenwalt created a short video , often called the `` Unaired Angel pilot '' for the WB Network .
The character Angel was first seen in the first episode .
Angel eventually began on a path of redemption . He hoped that he might make up for his past by doing good deeds .
As a Union Army general in the American Civil War , he fought successful campaigns in North Carolina and East Tennessee but was defeated in the disastrous Battle of Fredericksburg and Battle of the Crater .
Ambrose Everett Burnside -LRB- May 23 , 1824 â `` September 13 , 1881 -RRB- was an American soldier , railroad executive , inventor , businessman , and politician from Rhode Island . He served as governor and a U.S. Senator .
His distinctive style of facial hair is now known as sideburns , derived from his last name .
Djalminha -LRB- born 9 December 1970 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Shaoxing -LRB- Chinese : ç '' å Shaoxing Municipality is has a population of 4,347,200 people , 649 thousand of whom lives in the city of shaoxing .
Eduardo Bustos Montoya -LRB- born 3 October 1976 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for Temperley .
VÃ rac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Ford Freestar was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2004 through 2007 .
He played from 1982 to 2001 .
His son , Tony Gwynn Jr , currently plays for the Padres . He also has a brother named Chris who played for the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Padres .
Tony Gwynn -LRB- born May 9 , 1960 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- is a former Major League Baseball player for the San Diego Padres .
Gwynn was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007 .
It is obtained by rotating an ellipse about one of its principal axes . This means it is an ellipsoid with two equal semi-diameters .
As he published in literary magazines and newspapers , he worked for the Austrian radio and television .
Heinz Gerstinger is a member of the Austrian P.E.N. and the writers ' association Ã -- sterreichischer Schriftstellerverband .
Heinz Gerstinger -LRB- born October 13 , 1919 ; Vienna -RRB- is an Austrian writer , playwright and historian .
Heinz Gerstinger studied history and dramatics at the University of Vienna .
He has worked for the universities of Graz and Vienna , as well as for theaters in Graz , Augsburg and Vienna .
Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth .
It was released on July 14 , 1992 .
Saint-Jean-le-Centenier is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The Capetian Dynasty includes any of the direct descendants of Hugh Capet of France .
King Juan Carlos of Spain and the grand duke of Luxembourg are members of this family , both through the Bourbon branch of the dynasty .
Kremlin is the Russian word for `` fortress '' , `` citadel '' or `` castle '' . It is used to refer to fortified central complexes which can often be found in historic Russian cities .
Villigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Saint Nicholas -LRB- 270 â `` 6 December 343 -RRB- , or Nikolaos of Myra , was the Bishop of Myra .
The mayors of Wichita Falls are Glenn Barham , Linda Ammons , Michael Smith , Dorothy Roberts Burns , Rick Hatcher , Tim Ingle and Mary Ward .
Wichita Falls is a city in Wichita Couty , Texas , United States . The population of Wichita Falls was 107,000 in 2006 .
Wichita Falls is a city in Wichita Couty , Texas , United States .
For the property of radioactive elements , see Half-life -LRB- element -RRB- . Half-Life is a science fiction first-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Software and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1998 , based on a very changed Quake game engine .
Vesles-et-Caumont is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
In 2000 , the population was 32,278 .
Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments .
Its county seat is Elizabethtown .
Bladen County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The Cia-Cia language -LRB- Hangul : ë '' í ì ì ì ì ì , Roman : Bahasa Ciacia -RRB- , also known as South Buton -LRB- ese -RRB- , is an Austronesian language spoken principally around the town of Bau-Bau on the southern tip of Buton Island off the southeast coast of Sulawesi in Indonesia .
One can imagine the stucture of an omniverse to be like that of a tree : the omniverse is the trunk , each multiverse is a branch , and each universe is a leaf .
Some countries have a different emergency number for each of the different emergency services , but they are often different only by the last digit .
Many countries ' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number , sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number .
An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance . Many countries ' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number , sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number .
An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance .
Fermions can be thought of as the building blocks of matter because atoms are made up of fermions .
There are 6 different types of quarks -LRB- called `` flavors '' -RRB- and 6 different types of leptons .
Fermions are special because you can not put two of them in the same place at the same time . This is because the Pauli exclusion principle says that no two fermions can have the same quantum numbers , such as spin numbers , at the same time .
Fundamental fermions -LRB- fermions that are not made up of anything else -RRB- are either quarks or leptons .
Select the search type from the menu on the right .
Provides an easy way to cite Geographic Names Information System data .
Albion is a city of Idaho in the United States .
LuÃ s Morais -LRB- born 23 August , 1930 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
He has played for Brazil national team .
In 1976 he won the Main Event of the World Series of Poker .
Doyle Brunson -LRB- born August 10 , 1933 -RRB- is an American Poker player from the U.S. state of Texas .
Then he chose to play poker . In 1976 he won the Main Event of the World Series of Poker .
Drosophila pseudoobscura is a species of fruit fly , used extensively in lab studies of the genetics of natural populations .
Dodd 's experiment has been repeated by others , and works with other kinds of fruit flies and foods .
In 2005 , D. pseudoobscura was the second Drosophila species to have its genome sequenced , after Drosophila melanogaster .
In 1989 Diane Dodd gave laboratory populations of D. pseudoobscura two different food types , starch and maltose .
Travecy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is about the classification of all things living .
Taxonomy is a science .
Also included within the visual arts are the applied arts such as industrial design , graphic design , fashion design , interior design and decorative art .
These definitions should not be taken too strictly as many artistic disciplines -LRB- performing arts , conceptual art , textile arts -RRB- involve aspects of the visual arts as well as arts of other types .
Examples are ceramics , drawing , painting , sculpture , printmaking . Also , modern visual arts which use technology : photography , video , filmmaking and architecture .
These dolphins usually live in the open seas , unlike the river dolphins .
They are found worldwide , mostly in the shallower seas of the continental shelves .
Oceanic dolphins are the members of the Delphinidae family , of the order Cetacea .
In the Weimar Republic he was the president of the Reichsbank .
Hjalmar Horace Greeley Schacht -LRB- 22 January 1877 â `` 3 June 1970 -RRB- was a German politician and minister for economics during the time of the Third Reich .
ChÃ ry-l Ã s-Rozoy is a commune .
Arquenay is a commune of 508 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
The film soundtrack , The Lion King 1 Â 1\/2 : Songs From Timon and Pumbaa 's Hilarious Adventure , was released to CD by Disney Records on February 10 , 2004 .
It includes two songs from the original film , `` That 's All I Need '' and `` Hakuna Matata '' , reperformed by Nathan Lane who took over the role of voicing the character Timon .
The Lion King 1 Â 1\/2 -LRB- also known as The Lion King 3 : Hakuna Matata in some countries -RRB- is the prequel to The Lion King made by The Walt Disney Company .
Timon and Pumbaa start to watch the original Lion King movie , but Timon keeps insisting to fast forward to when they come in , because they were n't seen in the beginning of the story or anywhere until halfway through .
The rest of the soundtrack includes various R&B tracks , including remakes of the Kool and the Gang classic `` Jungle Boogie '' by artist French , and two instrumental pieces from film composer Don Harper .
The LÃ 1\/4 beck law -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- German language German : LÃ 1\/4 bisches Recht -RRB- was one of a few charters for town privileges .
The LÃ 1\/4 beck law -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- German language German : LÃ 1\/4 bisches Recht -RRB- was one of a few charters for town privileges . The LÃ 1\/4 beck law said there should be a city council -LRB- Rat -RRB- .
The LÃ 1\/4 beck law said there should be a city council -LRB- Rat -RRB- .
The municipality was made in 1882 by splitting from the municipality of Vergeletto .
Gresso is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is the county seat of Garvin County .
Pauls Valley is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
It is the county town of Shropshire .
It is the second largest town in Shropshire , after Telford .
Shrewsbury is a town in Shropshire , a county of England .
It also is an oxidizing agent .
Barium chlorate is a colorless solid .
Barium chlorate can be made by reacting sodium chlorate and barium chloride .
The Miami Fusion were an American soccer team that played in Major League Soccer from 1998 to 2001 . They played in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
RaÃ l GonzÃ lez Blanco -LRB- born 27 June 1977 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Now he plays for FC Schalke 04 .
More growth of the Islamic Turks in Central Asia from the 10th century stopped trade in that part of the world .
In Central Asia , Islam expanded starting in the 7th century . This brought a stop to Chinese west growth at a battle in 751 AD .
Yogi Bear is a 2010 comedy starring Tom Cavanagh , Anna Faris , T. J. Miller , Andrew Daly , Nate Corddry , and the voices of Dan Aykroyd and Justin Timberlake .
So Yogi and Boo Boo must team up with their archenemy , Ranger Smith , to save the park in a week .
It has been awarded with the `` Best game of the year '' , `` Best action game '' and `` Best online game '' prices on 2007 .
Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare is a first person shooter videogame released in 2007 . It is part of the Call of Duty series .
Trimbach is a municipality in the district of GÃ sgen . It is in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Dominican Republic is divided into 31 provinces .
The national capital Santo Domingo de GuzmÃ n is in the Distrito National that is like a province and elects one Senator .
The culture of the Dominican Republic , like in other Caribbean countries , is a mix of TaÃ no , African and European -LRB- mainly Spanish -RRB- cultures .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -LRB- FDIC -RRB- aims to keep peopleâ s money safe .
The FDIC insures 7,895 different banks or institutions .
They are related to pipefish and seahorses .
The Gasterosteidae are a family of fish which include the sticklebacks .
However several of the species have a number of recognized subspecies , and the taxonomy of the family is thought to be in need of revision .
The males construct a nest from vegetation held together by secretions from their kidneys .
The males then attract females to the nest who lay their eggs inside , where the male fertilise them .
The male then guards the eggs until they hatch .
Sticklebacks have strong separated spines in the dorsal fin .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
An unusual features of sticklebacks is that they have no scales , although some species have bony armor plates .
The great seal was used for the first time in the year of 1782 .
The seal 's design is used in national documents , such as passports , by the United States military , and flags .
As a coat of arms , it has the national colors of the United States , but the material seal itself only has a basic black and white design -LRB- like when used on paper -RRB- .
The Great Seal of United States is the official coat of arms of United States , and it 's placed in official documents from United States Government .
The Great Seal of United States is the official coat of arms of United States , and it 's placed in official documents from United States Government . The name is used both for the coat of arms , and the material seal itself , which is made by the United States ' executive power .
The Victoria Cross -LRB- VC -RRB- is the highest military medal given for bravery `` in the face of the enemy '' to members of the defense forces of Commonwealth countries , and former British Empire territories .
Since then , the medal has been given 1,356 times to 1,353 people .
Because of this , the Victoria Cross is sometimes called the `` British Victoria Cross '' or the `` Imperial Victoria Cross '' . .
The VC was begun on 29 January 1856 by Queen Victoria for acts of bravery during the Crimean War .
Only 13 medals , nine to members of the British Army , and four to the Australian Army have been presented since the Second World War .
It is the most important medal , more important than all other orders , decorations and medals .
Luxembourg national football team is the national football team of Luxembourg .
The Warsaw Pact or Warsaw Treaty Organization was officially named the Treaty of Friendship , Co-operation and Mutual Assistance , and was an organization of Central and Eastern European Communist states .
Distinguish from the Warsaw Convention , which is an agreement among airlines about financial liability and the Treaty of Warsaw -LRB- 1970 -RRB- between West Germany and the People 's Republic of Poland . The Warsaw Pact or Warsaw Treaty Organization was officially named the Treaty of Friendship , Co-operation and Mutual Assistance , and was an organization of Central and Eastern European Communist states .
Sulfur dichloride , also known as sulfur -LRB- II -RRB- chloride , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is SCl2 .
Fordyce is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
The Don has given its name to the Don Cossacks who settled the fertile valley of the river in the 16th and 17th centuries .
It rises in the town of Novomoskovsk 60 km southeast from Tula , southeast of Moscow , and flows for a distance of about 1,950 km -LRB- 1,220 miles -RRB- to the Sea of Azov .
In modern literature , the Don figures centrally in the works of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov , a Cossack from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya .
In antiquity , the river was seen as the border between Europe and Asia .
In the Hebrew Book of Jubilees , it is mentioned as being part of the border , beginning with its westernmost point up to its mouth , between the allotment of Japheth to the north and that of Shem to the south , sons of Noah .
The Khazar fortress of Sarkel used to dominate this point in the Middle Ages .
105 km -LRB- 65 miles -RRB- -RRB- , connecting both rivers , has been a major waterway .
This part of the river saw Operation Uranus , one of the turning points of the Second World War .
Tanais appears in ancient Greek sources as the name of the river and of a city on it , situated in the Maeotian marshes .
During the times of the old Scythians it was known in Greek as the TanaÃ s , and has been a major trading route ever since .
The name derives however from Scythian -LRB- Iranian -RRB- DÄ nu `` river '' , akin to modern Ossetic don `` river '' .
At its easternmost point , the Don comes near the Volga , and the Volga-Don Canal -LRB- length ca .
From its source , the river first flows southeast to Voronezh , then southwest to its mouth .
The main city on the river is Rostov on Don , its main tributary , the Donets .
Rochester is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Ayaka is married to Hiro Mizushima .
In 1880 , then took a post at the Hamilton asylum .
By 1905 , Clarke had abandoned the movement , and many of the other leading psychiatrists would follow suit by the end of World War I , when it was clear that eugenic measures were not having the desired effects .
Clarke first practiced psychiatry at the 999 Queen Street institution in Toronto .
Charles Kirk Clarke -LRB- c. 1857 - January 20 1924 -RRB- was a psychiatrist who had a big role in Canadian politics .
Clarke was a student and brother-in-law of Joseph Workman , Superintendent of the Toronto Asylum .
Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and the former guitarist of The Poodles .
Gooding is a city of Idaho in the United States .
If someone bows a little longer than the other person , that other person may bow again , and the other person then also bows again , and this can go on several times .
A bow is sometimes not much more than a quick nod of the head , but it can be a very deep bow from the waist .
Prefectures are governmental bodies larger than cities , towns , and villages .
The prefectures of Japan todÅ fuken -RCB- -RCB- are the country 's 47 subdivisions .
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira -LRB- born 4 February 1986 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Hazel is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
There are different kinds of razors today , including straight razors , which are rarely used , and safety razors and electric razors .
A razor is a tool with one or more blades used by men for shaving the hair from their face , and by women for shaving hair from their legs and underarms .
In 1901 , King Camp Gillette invented the first razor with disposable razor blades .
The earliest razors known are from the Bronze Age .
Troisvaux is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
; : For a userbox that uses up to 2 unnamed parameters .
; : Include the full , i.e. prefix it with , , or .
This template invokes category suppression for those userboxes .
The only mandatory parameter is .
There are several methods for category suppression , Usbk supports those that use :
Do not include the prefix .
If your userbox accepts more parameters , make a request on the talk page to expand this template .
; : If the userbox adds user pages into a user category under : Category : Wikipedians .
This template is used for showing a userbox and its properties in a table row .
Some userboxes automatically place the page where it is used into a category .
... displays the following table :
These categories are not appropriate for pages such as lists , so some userboxes support a feature to suppress the automatic category .
Wrap and around uses of this template .
; : For a userbox set that uses up to 2 named parameters .
The following code ...
Kim Won-bong -LRB- ê ì ë , 1898 & ndashNovember 1958 ? -RRB-
nickname was ` Yaksan ' -LRB- ì 1\/2 ì , è å -RRB- .
He did not call himself king of West Francia when his brother died in 898 . Instead he served the Carolingian king , Charles the Simple and defended northern Francia from the attacks of the Norsemen .
Robert I was at the Siege of Paris in 885 .
Robert I -LRB- after September 866 -- June 15 , 923 -RRB- , king of West Francia -LRB- 922 -- 923 -RRB- , was the younger son of Robert the Strong , count of Anjou , and the brother of Odo of France .
; Citing http://lists.debian.org/debian-announce/debian-announce-1996/msg00021.html
It is specifically for archived public mailing lists .
It calls as a backend , but has uniform parameters which will hopefully lead to a standard way of citing mailing list records .
This template is used to cite sources in Wikipedia .
A general discussion of the use of templates for adding citation of open-source web content to Wikipedia articles is available at citation templates .
The term heterodox is occasionally used by some Christians to refer to themselves when they are in disagreement with orthodox understandings .
By contrast , a denial of the doctrine of `` Original Sin '' -LRB- thereby negating the necessity of baptism for children -RRB- or Papal Infallibility -- would be labeled heretical .
As an adjective , heterodox is used to describe a subject as `` characterized by departure from accepted beliefs or standards '' -LRB- status quo -RRB- .
Many Roman Catholics profess some heterodox views , either on doctrinal or social issues .
A heterodox Catholic might profess the belief that unbaptized infants are offered the option to accept or deny salvation by God at their judgment .
The belief is not orthodox , as the Church does not profess a belief as to what happens to unbaptized infants ; however , it is also not heresy , as the Church accepts that such a scenario might be possible .
The heterodox Christians remain in the tradition and attempt a constructive dialog around issues with which they disagree .
Heterodoxy means a position that is not within the standards of orthodoxy or to put it precisely `` any opinions or doctrines at variance with an official or orthodox position '' .
In the Eastern Orthodox Church , the term is used to refer to Christian churches not belonging to the Eastern Orthodox communion , but have no positions that are as different from those of Orthodox Christianity to thought to be as false as heresy .
For example , the orthodox Catholic position on unbaptized infants is that their fate is uncertain , and `` the Church can only entrust them to the mercy of God '' -LRB- Catechism of the Catholic Church 1261 -RRB- .
Heterodoxy in the Roman Catholic Church in a similar way means views that differ from strictly orthodox views , but retain sufficient faithfulness to the original doctrine to avoid heresy .
Nicknamed `` Tige , '' Anderson was noted as one of Robert E. Lee 's hardest-fighting subordinates .
George Thomas Anderson -LRB- February 3 , 1824 -- April 4 , 1901 -RRB- was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
It adds a Career box to the infobox .
This template is part of the WikiProject Ships ship infobox .
The header of the Career box can be hidden by setting its `` Hide header = yes '' .
Each section , except Infobox Ship Begin , can be repeated as necessary to support multiple careers , multiple sets of characteristics , etc. .
If you have any questions or comments , please ask User : TomTheHand .
This allows you to repeat certain fields by adding a second Career box with a hidden header .
Lindsey Jacobellis -LRB- born August 19 , 1985 in Dansbury , Connecticut -RRB- is an American snowboarder .
Terry Gene Bollea , better known by his ring name as Hulk Hogan , is an American pro wrestler , he is semi-retired and is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling .
Interstate 65 is an Interstate Highway in the United States .
Yoshinobu Ishii -LRB- born 13 March 1939 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
During her career , she won 4 Grand Slam singles titles and 6 Grand Slam doubles titles .
ArÃ nzazu -LRB- Arantxa -RRB- Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario -LRB- born December 18 , 1971 , in Barcelona , Spain -RRB- is a former professional tennis player from Spain .
Software development is the process of creating a computer software .
Warren G. Harding -LRB- November 2 , 1865 â `` August 2 , 1923 -RRB- was the 29th President of the United States -LRB- Republican Party -RRB- .
The Dhund Abbasi are a tribe of northern Pakistan , they are mainly settled in Abbottabad District and Murree Tehsil .
The tribe claims descent from Dhond Khan and ` Abbas ibn ` Abd al-Muttalib and so are known as Dhund Abbasi .
The rule of the Abbasids extended eastwards across Afghanistan into the South Asian subcontinent -LRB- covering the eastern part of modern-day Pakistan -RRB- .
The descendants of Abbas rose to power removing and replacing the Umayyad rulers , they and their followers were known as the Abbasids , this dynasty and governed for 500 years from Baghdad , Iraq .
The tribe is spread throughout Circle Bakote , Poonch District , Bagh , Kashmir -RRB- and the Murree Hills area of Pakistan .
The tribe speak the Dhundi-Kairali dialect .
Although the tribe traces its roots back directly to Abbas himself , it is more likely that the Dhund Abbasi people are descended from the Abbasid dynasty .
The following is a list of all rail stations of the Mass Rapid Transit -LRB- MRT -RRB- system in Singapore , with underground stations listed in italics .
There are currently 78 stations in operation with another one completed but is not open to the public until its surrounding area is more built up .
Many more are currently in different stages of planning and building -LRB- as shown in the latest system map -RRB- .
The film stars BeyoncÃ Knowles , Mos Def , Rah Digga , Wyclef Jean , Mekhi Phifer , Da Brat , Joy Bryant , Jermaine Dupri and Lil ' Bow Wow .
To date , it is the second major attempt at an African-American adaptation of the opera , the first being the 1943 Broadway musical Carmen Jones and its 1954 Academy Award nominated and box office hit film adaptation .
It is based upon Georges Bizet 's opera , Carmen , set in Philadelphia and Los Angeles in modern times , and features a mostly original hip-hop\/R & B score in place of Bizet 's opera .
The movie received mainly negative reviews .
Carmen : A Hip Hopera is an 2001 musical film produced for television by MTV and directed by Robert Townsend .
Another stadium in Sydney is the Sydney Cricket Ground -LRB- SCG -RRB- .
In Sydney , there are many famous buildings : the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour Bridge .
Elizabeth Carolan -LRB- born November 24 , 1980 -RRB- better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix , is an American professional wrestler .
It is written by British author Justin Somper . The series is about two twin children , Connor and Grace Tempest , who get separated at sea .
The word Vampirate refers to a vampire living on the Nocturne .
At the 2000 census , the population was 7,228 .
Greenville is a city in Butler County , Alabama , United States .
The city is the county seat of Butler County and is known as the Camellia City , the state flower of Alabama .
The three separate Presidency Armies continued to exist , and their European officers continued to be listed as members of the Bengal , Madras or Bombay Army rather than the British Army . However , the Presidency Armies began to be described as the Indian Army .
The three separate Presidency Armies continued to exist , and their European officers continued to be listed as members of the Bengal , Madras or Bombay Army rather than the British Army .
These troops are often referred to as â H.M. â s Regimentsâ or â Royal regimentsâ .
Following the Indian rebellion of 1857-58 and the end of the East India Company , its European regiments were joined in 1860 with the British Army , but its â Nativeâ regiments were not .
Also from the mid-eighteenth century the British government began to send regiments of the regular British Army to India to reinforce the Companyâ s armies .
All three armies had both European regiments in which both the officers and men were Europeans , and a larger number of â Nativeâ regiments in which the officers were Europeans and the ordinary soldiers were Indians .
Eventually all three presidency armies were merged into the Indian Army .
However , the Presidency Armies began to be described as the Indian Army .
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of British India .
The Bengal Army , Madras Army , and Bombay Army were quite different , each with its own list of Regiments and European officers .
From the mid-eighteenth century , the East India Company began to keep armies at each of its three main stations , or â Presidenciesâ , in India at Calcutta -LRB- Bengal -RRB- , Madras and Bombay .
The presidency armies , like the presidencies themselves , belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny , when the British government took over all three presidencies .
BÃ 1\/4 llingen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Melrose Place was an American primetime soap opera which began July 8th , 1992 and ended May 24 , 1999 . The show lasted seven seasons on Fox .
The 8-day Blackpool Dance Festival is the world 's first and most famous annual ballroom dance competition of international significance . It has been held in the Winter Gardens , Blackpool , England since 1920 -LRB- except for war-time -RRB- .
It covers Ballroom dance , including Latin dances . The Festival includes the British Open Championships in categories of adult amateur and professional couples and formation teams .
It is also the largest regular ballroom competition : in 2003 , 1539 couples from 54 countries took part in the festival .
The annual World Professional Championship in either Ballroom or Latin dance is often held in Blackpool -LRB- 4 times between 1989 and 2005 -RRB- , but is not connected with the Dance Festival .
As of the early 21st century the festival is held in May .
In 2005 two new categories were introduced : the British Rising Star Amateur Ballroom and Latin Competitions .
Two invitation events , the Professional Team Match and the Exhibition Competition , create much interest .
The Junior Dance Festival , Blackpool Sequence Dance Festival , and British National Dance Festival are also held annually in Blackpool .
Provides a simple wrapper for -LRB- up to 5 consecutive -RRB- citation tags that minimizes visual impact on the text , which along with the simpler syntax increases code readability and editability .
Moosleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
A computer program is a list of instructions that tell a computer what to do . Everything done on a computer is done by using a computer program .
1000 Ways to Die is an American Docufiction dark comedy series which was first shown on Spike on May 14 , 2008 .
Extraordinary Machine is an album by Fiona Apple .
He went on to write biographies of William Pitt the Younger and William Wilberforce and in 2005 , when David Cameron became the Conservative Party leader , Hague was made the Shadow Foreign Secretary .
He was the leader of the Conservative Party from June 1997 to September 2001 .
William Jefferson Hague -LRB- pronounced HAIG ; born March 26 , 1961 -RRB- is a British politician and is the current Foreign Secretary and Secretary of State .
He was elected as Conservative Party leader in 1997 .
He was educated at the University of Oxford . Hague first became a Member of Parliament at a by-election in 1989 .
The Complutense University of Madrid -LRB- , UCM -RRB- is one of the oldest universities in the world and the top public university in Spain .
It is located on a sprawling campus that occupies the entirety of the Ciudad Universitaria district of Madrid , with annexes in the district of Somosaguas in the neighbouring city of Pozuelo de AlarcÃ n.
According to the annual university rankings conducted by El Mundo , the Complutense University ranks as the top public university in Spain .
Longnes is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
Ployart-et-Vaurseine is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Some other songs had already been written , and U2 were performing them often , like the songs `` Stories for Boys '' , Out of Control '' , and `` Twilight '' .
Boy was Irish rock group U2 's first album , from the year 1980 .
Some songs were written in the studio , like `` An Cat Dubh '' and `` The Ocean '' .
Beck has inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice . First as a member of the Yardbirds .
He became famous when he replaced Eric Clapton as the guitarist for The Yardbirds . After leaving The Yardbirds in 1966 Beck went on to work with his own group and with other musicians .
Geoffrey Arnold `` Jeff '' Beck -LRB- born 24 June 1944 -RRB- is an English rock musician .
Ziarat is a district in the north of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Gerra -LRB- Gambarogno -RRB- is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In Iran , women wear chador in public .
The University of Utah is a public , co-ed university in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Bradford is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Czech Republic national football team is the national football team of Czech Republic .
The race is named after Edward Smith-Stanley , 12th Earl of Derby
Below is a timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season , listing all the storm formations , strengthening , weakening , landfalls , extratropical transitions , as well as dissipation .
The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released , meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center , such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on , have been included .
The season officially began on June 1 2006 , and lasted until November 30 .
Eric `` Hank '' Gathers -LRB- February 11 , 1967 â `` March 4 , 1990 -RRB- was an American basketball player that played for Loyola Marymount University where he was a breakout star .
A second or third subdivision level is referred to with another number each .
It was made by the European Union , so it only covers the member states of that union in detail .
NUTS , in some ways are similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard , as well as the FIPS standard of the United States .
In case the subdivision has more than 9 entities , capital letters are used to continue the numbering .
Note that not all countries have every level of division , depending on their size .
There are three levels of NUTS . Some with two levels of local administrative units -LRB- LAUs -RRB- below .
These were called NUTS levels 4 and 5 until July 2003 , but were changed due to official regulations although they are sometimes still described as such .
In addition to the full three levels for the European Union countries , all countries have a NUTS code with a two-letter code for a continent and two numbers for the country , and for the USA , Canada and Australia the states , provinces , and territories are numbered separately .
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics , -LRB- NUTS -RRB- for the French nomenclature d'unit Ã s territoriales statistiques , is a geocode standard that shows the administrative divisions of countries for statistical purposes .
The subdivision of the country is then displayed by one number .
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country , and is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code -LRB- the only difference is UK instead of GB for the United Kingdom -RRB- .
Each numbering starts with 1 , as 0 is used for the upper level .
Religious violence means violence against a group of people of one religion by a group of people of another region . This type of violence is religiously motivated .
The Bantu languages came from the region of eastern Nigeria or Cameroon .
Parts of the Bantu area include languages from other language families -LRB- see map -RRB- .
Zulu comes second with 10.3 million speakers .
About 2000 years ago the Bantu people spread southwards and eastwards , introducing agriculture and iron working and colonizing much of the continent .
The Bantu language with the largest number of native speakers is Shona with 13.8 million speakers in Zimbabwe , Mozambique , Botswana and Zambia .
Some words from various Bantu languages have been borrowed into western languages .
The Bantu languages -LRB- or Narrow Bantu languages -RRB- are a branch of the Niger-Congo languages .
Bantu languages are spoken largely east and south of the present day country of Cameroon ; i.e. , in the regions commonly known as central Africa , east Africa , and southern Africa .
Shiro Kikuhara -LRB- born 7 July 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Aubignan is a commune of 3,877 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Ornex is a commune .
Its total area is 380 square meter and its population is 10,009 inhabitants according to 2001 Greek census . The biggest town of Andros is Andros city .
He was Senator of the Coquimbo Province between 1897 and 1903 .
Later , his succession donated to the Municipality of Pichilemu their forest , terraces , park , perrons , among others , with the condition that they should be attended worthily .
He participated in the trades of the bank of the Edwards family .
Ross studied in the Carlos Black and Simon Kerr School , in La Serena .
Ross was militant of the National Party of Chile .
He first constructed the Ross Hotel with an European-style design , assigning Evaristo Merino as its administrator , meanwhile he started promoting Pichilemu in cities as Santiago de Chile .
A Chilean chronicler quoted :
He later went to Scotland , where he studied in the Queen Streat Institution , between 1856 and 1860 .
Ross died in October 26 , 1926 , in ViÃ a del Mar. .
He later constructed the Ross Casino and the Ross Park .
AgustÃ n Ross Edwards -LRB- February 5 , 1844 , La Serena , Chile - October 20 , 1926 , ViÃ a del Mar , Chile -RRB- was a Chilean politician , diplomatic and banker .
He was a private agent in London of the Government Junta of Iquique in 1891 .
Ross went to Pichilemu circa 1890 , and he bought some areas in the town .
They used materials as : shards from Italy , oregon pine from the United States , cement from Portland .
He was son of David Ross and Carmen Edwards .
He was plenipotenciary minister in Great Britain in February 1892 .
In San Fernando , in September 1885 , he bought the property of Francisco Torrealba , a terrain that lasted at the Pichilemu beach .
He was married with Susana Ferari .
After unifying the region with his kingdom in the early 700s BC , king Argishtis I of Urartu resettled many of its inhabitants to his newly built city of Erebuni -LRB- modern day Armenian capital Yerevan -RRB- .
Sophene -LRB- Armenian - Tsopk -RRB- was a province of the Armenian Kingdom and of the Roman Empire , located in the south-west of the kingdom .
Zareh and his descendants ruled the kingdom of Tsopk until it was reunified with Greater Armenia by Tigranes the Great in the 80s BC .
It currently lies in the in modern-day southeastern Turkey .
Sophene later become part of the Roman Empire , and was made into a province of the Roman Empire .
In the early 200s BC , at the instigation of the Seleucid Empire , which was trying to weaken the Armenian kingdom , Tsopk , along with Commagene , split from Greater Armenia , forming the Hellenistic kingdom of Tsopk-Commagene .
The capital was Amida -LRB- modern DiyarbakÄ r -RRB- .
Around 54 , the province was ruled by Gaius Julius Sohaemus .
Following Antiochus ' defeat by Romans at the battle of Magnesia in 190 BC , both Zareh and Artashes declared themselves independent kings .
Pompey gave Sophene to Tigranes , after defeating his father Tigranes the Great .
In 530 , Sophene was included into the province of Armenia IV .
Tsopk was part of the kingdom of Urartu in the 8th-7th cc BC .
Around 200 BC , in his attempt to finally subjugate Armenia , Seleucian king Antiochus III conquered both Greater Armenia and Tsopk , installing Armenian generals Artaxias I and Zariadres as governors-strategoses respectively in each kingdom .
According to Anania Shirakatsi 's Ashkharatsuyts -LRB- `` World Atlas , '' 7th century -RRB- , Tsopk was the 2nd among the 15 provinces of Greater Armenia .
The kingdom was ruled by a branch of the Armenian royal dynasty of Orontids .
Around 600 BC , Tsopk became part of the newly emerged ancient Armenian Kingdom of Orontids .
After Alexander the Great 's campaigns in 330s BC and the subsequent collapse of the Achaemenid Empire , Tsopk remained part of the newly independent kingdom of Greater Armenia .
Monkey brains are eaten in some parts of Africa , South Asia , and China .
Apes are not monkeys .
In there , the name of the son of Martin the Ape is Moneke .
Monkeys are mammals that are in a group called primates .
A group of monkeys is called a `` troop '' of monkeys or a `` tribe '' of monkeys .
There are two groups of monkeys that live in different places : the New World Monkeys in South America and the Old World Monkeys from Africa and Asia .
New World Monkeys are often smaller than Old World Monkeys .
A navel piercing is type of piercing to the bellybutton .
It is the second most popular piercing , next to ear piercing .
He has run 100 metres in 9.58 seconds and 200 metres in 19.19 seconds .
Takeshi Mizuuchi -LRB- born 19 November 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Major towns in the province include CÃ rdenas , Jovellanos and the capital of the same name , Matanzas .
Matanzas is one of the provinces of Cuba .
The resort town of Varadero is also located in this province .
The north coast has numerous small cays of its coast , and scrubland and mangroves near the shoreline .
East of the peninsula lies the Bay of Pigs , the site of the failed US backed invasion .
The second largest in Cuba , Matanzas province is largely flat , with its highest point -LRB- Pan de Matanzas -RRB- at only 380m above sea level .
The southern coast has one of Cuba 's most distinctive features : an enormous marsh , CiÃ naga de Zapata that covers both the southern part of the province and the peninsula of the same name .
Of Cuba 's provinces , Matanzas is one of the most industrialised , with petroleum wells , refineries , supertanker facilities , and 21 sugar mills to process the harvests of the fields of sugarcane in the province .
Reformed doctrine is expressed in various texts -RRB- .
Some of them are used by many denominations . Different denominations use different confessions , usually based on historical reasons .
Different denominations use different confessions , usually based on historical reasons .
Therefore shared filming Zitera of Judah Judd Ne 'em an .
Derzi directed the film `` Film of Nemad '' with Efrat Gosh , Mohammad Bakri , Yael Hadar , Amos Tamm , Meirav Gruberand and Oded Leopold .
In 2009 he directed the documentary The Life of A Singer , which brings the story of Itzhak Klepter .
From 2009 began to direct and produce songs with complex effects to music and children channels Video clip to television channels Music video and film with commercial Hollywood fragrance .
Produced and directed the first Music video of Itzhak Klepter to music channels and children 's songs to TV and Created special effects in film and television .
The documentary film `` cocktail of joy and love '' that brings the story of Orphaned sick children in AIDS in Ethiopia .
Derzi was born in Jerusalem , graduate Film School named Camera Obscura in Tel Aviv in 2007 .
Kilkenny City is administered by a borough council and has a Mayor .
Kilkenny , , is the county town of County Kilkenny in Ireland .
The majority of the population of Kilkenny City live outside the borough boundary .
The seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ossory and the Church of Ireland Bishop of Cashel and Ossory are in Kilkenny .
People from Kilkenny are often referred to as ` Cats ' .
The town was established , then a city , in 1609 by royal charter .
It is situated on both banks of the River Nore , at the center of County Kilkenny in the province of Leinster in the south-east of Ireland .
The town has been referred to as the `` Marble City '' for centuries .
The Neckar -LRB- German : Neckar -RRB- is a 367 km long river in the South-West of Germany , in the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
In Mannheim the Neckar joins the river Rhine .
Rising in the Black Forest , it flows through a steep valley in the Odenwald hills and passes through the cities of TÃ 1\/4 bingen -LRB- University -RRB- , NÃ 1\/4 rtingen , Esslingen , Stuttgart -LRB- capitol of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , and Heidelberg -LRB- University -RRB- .
Lummen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Ã touvelles is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Manatee Palms was fined $ 12,000 by the state and was forced to make lots of renovations . They reopened in May 2007 .
Manatee Palms Youth Services is a hospital .
The stories she wrote for this magazine were so popular that the magazine was then called Enid Blyton 's Sunny Stories .
Books : Enid Blyton : a biography -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . The official biography , telling the story of Enid Blyton 's life .
In physiology , transduction is the conversion or change of a stimulus from one form to another .
The light causes a change in a protein called rhodopsin .
For example , in the visual system , sensory cells called rod and cone cells in the retina change the physical energy of light signals into electrical impulses that travel to the brain .
In this example , more light hitting the receptor results in the transduction of a signal into fewer electrical impulses .
Kenya national football team is the national football team of Kenya .
Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Fuller Olsen -LRB- born June 13 , 1986 -RRB- are twin American actresses who have been seen in movies and on television series since they were nine months old .
He is famous as the Ninth Doctor on Doctor Who in 2005 .
Christopher Eccleston -LRB- born 16 February 1964 -RRB- is an English actor .
It has a ring bank and ditch , with the ditch inside the bank .
A henge is a Neolithic earthwork .
His mother was Francisca GonzÃ lez Mateos , a woman of slender means from Trujillo .
However , Almagro had a son who swore revenge , and in 1541 , Pizarro was killed in his palace in Lima by a number of men following Diego Almagro the younger .
He was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro RodrÃ guez de Aguilar -LRB- senior -RRB- who as colonel of infantry served in the Italian campaigns under Gonzalo FernÃ ndez de CÃ rdoba , and in Navarre , with some distinction .
Pizarro returned with an army in 1538 and defeated Almagro .
Pizarro was born in Trujillo , Extremadura , Spain .
Through his father , Francisco was second cousin to HernÃ n CortÃ s , the famed conquistador of Mexico .
About 1945 , he moved to Winnipeg , and in approximately 1954 he retired from his job as a locomotive engineer , having worked for the Canadian National Railways .
Everard Lorne Carpenter -LRB- June 15 , 1890 in Hartford , Michigan â `` April 30 , 1963 in Winnipeg , Manitoba -RRB- was an Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who played two seasons in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the Quebec Bulldogs and Hamilton Tigers .
He played with the Moncton Victorias in the 1912-13 season and the New Glasgow Black Foxes in 1913-14 .
The team -LRB- which included Jack Walker -RRB- defeated Prince Albert for the Western Canadian championship , then went on to play the Ottawa Senators on March 16 , 1911 for the Stanley Cup ; they were defeated by the NHA team .
He played the defensive position of cover point with the semi-professional Thunder Bay Hockey Club in 1910 , then during the hockey seasons of 1910-11 & 1911-12 for the Port Arthur Hockey Club .
Although born in Michigan , Eddie grew up in the Lachute-Brownsburg , Quebec area where his parents lived until they moved to Red Deer , Alberta in 1913 .
Eddie moved to Port Arthur , Ontario in 1909 to work for the Canadian Northern Railway .
He served as councilor of the city of Port Arthur in 1941 .
He won a Stanley Cup with the 1917 Seattle Metropolitans .
After retiring from professional hockey in 1921 , Eddie became the trainer , coach and manager for the Port Arthur Hockey Club which won two Allan Cups in 1924-25 and 1925-26 .
Meysse is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Castrotierra de Valmadrigal is a municipality located in the province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain .
According to the 2004 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , the municipality has a population of 142 inhabitants .
The Indian Rebellion of 1857 , also called the Great Rebellion , the Indian Mutiny , the Revolt of 1857 , the Uprising of 1857 or the Sepoy Mutiny , began as a mutiny of sepoys of the British East India Company 's army on 10 May , 1857 .
In English , his works are published under the name S. Y. Agnon .
In Hebrew , he is known by the acronym Shai Agnon .
Shmuel Yosef Agnon -LRB- July 17 , 1888 - February 17 , 1970 -RRB- was a Nobel Prize laureate writer and was one of the central figures of modern Hebrew fiction .
Saint-Martin-du-Bois , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Daon is a commune of 440 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is one of the few national anthems in the world -LRB- our planet Earth -RRB- to have only music , and no words .
La Marcha Real -LRB- English translation : The Royal March -RRB- is the national anthem -LRB- country 's song -RRB- of Spain .
The Guaramid Dynasty was the younger branch of the Chosroid royal house of Iberia -LRB- Kartli , eastern Georgia -RRB- .
A web chat is a chat system to exchange information via the Web . People use a web browser to communicate with others .
It is named after Michael Dell , the CEO and creator of the company .
The main river in Prahova County is the Prahova River .
Buellas is a commune .
Ueno Station should not be confused with the nearby Keisei-Ueno Station .
His best known work is Anarchy , State , and Utopia -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . It responds to A Theory of Justice , a book by John Rawls .
Robert Nozick -LRB- November 16 , 1938 â '' January 23 , 2002 -RRB- was an American political philosopher .
Who is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on their Raw brand .
Eve Torres -LRB- born May 5 , 1984 in Denver , Colorado -RRB- is a American female professional wrestler , dancer and Model .
Bessay is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Lone Grove is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
PlÃ cido Domingo KBE -LRB- born January 21 , 1941 -RRB- is an Spanish operatic tenor and conductor .
Dearly Devoted Dexter is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay .
Fauquembergues is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Lendelede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Users who continue to create or repost such pages will be blocked from changing Wikipedia .
Attack pages are not allowed in Wikipedia and are deleted quickly .
Cedar Key is a city of Florida in the United States .
There were 1,267 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census .
Adams is a town in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
There are also other towns named Adams in Wisconsin .
The City of Adams can be found inside of the town .
After the execution of Charles I on January 30 , 1649 , the Commonwealth was declared -LRB- An Act declaring England to be a Commonwealth -RRB- by the Rump Parliament on May 19 , 1649 .
The Commonwealth of England was the republican government which ruled first England and then Ireland and Scotland from 1649 to 1660 .
The term Commonwealth is , however , loosely used to describe the system of government during the whole of 1649 to 1660 , the years of the English Interregnum .
The government during 1653 to 1659 is properly called The Protectorate , and took the form of direct personal rule by Oliver Cromwell and , after his death , his son Richard , as Lord Protector .
Wilton Manors is a city of Florida in the United States .
Bavincourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Lawrenceburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Dercy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Drew Blyth Barrymore -LRB- born February 22 , 1975 -RRB- is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe-nominated American actress and film producer , the youngest member of the Barrymore family of American actors .
She quickly became one of Hollywood 's most recognized child actresses going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles .
Following her debut in Altered States , she starred in her breakout role in E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial .
Barrymore made her screen debut in Altered States in 1980 .
Use this as a warning that some or all books cited do not have their authors , publishers , publication dates and\/or ISBNs included in the article .
Instead use , for example , ISBN 1413304540 , ISBN 978-1-41-330454-1 , ISBN 978-1413304541 , or ISBN 9781413304541 without braces to produce the links to Special : Booksources for ISBN 1413304540 , ISBN 978-1-41-330454-1 , ISBN 978-1413304541 , or ISBN 9781413304541 .
There is currently no consensus on where to place this template in an article .
The simplest way to add this template to an article is to copy and paste at the bottom of the article .
The stadium was venue of the FIFA 2006 World Cup and the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup .
Malikis say there are 36 , and the Ahl al-Hadeeth say it is 8 .
Tarawih prayers are made up of a number of prayer phrases and actions , rakaâ Ä t , said in pairs . Hanafis and Shafi ` i say there are 20 rakaâ Ä t , some Hanabalis say it is only eight , while others say 20 .
Jin Sato -LRB- born 27 September 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Rainn Dietrich Wilson -LRB- born January 20 1966 -RRB- is an Emmy-nominated and Screen Actors Guild Award-winning American actor .
He is known for his roles as the egomaniacal Dwight Schrute on the American television comedy The Office .
Potassium arsenate is a chemical compound .
Its chemical formula can be K3AsO4 , K2HAsO4 , or KH2AsO4 . It has potassium and arsenate ions in it .
Mogneneins is a commune .
Auvare is a commune .
Diego ForlÃ n -LRB- born 19 May 1979 -RRB- is a Uruguayan football player . He plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid and the Uruguay national team .
FlorianÃ polis is a Brazilian city , capital of the state of Santa Catarina .
It is mostly located on the Santa Catarina Island .
British Rail Class D3\/1 was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England .
The NBL\/MAN engines were built by the North British Locomotive Company in Scotland under licence from the German company MAN .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by the North British Locomotive Company .
The Hoover Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River . It is located on the border of the states of Arizona and Nevada .
The Hoover Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River .
A ' -LRB- -LRB- si .
Tlatoani -LRB- ; plural ' , -LRB- tÉ aÊ '' .
The word means `` speaker '' , but may be translated into English as `` king '' .
keÊ '' -RRB- -RRB- is the Nahuatl word for the ruler of an altepetl , a pre-Hispanic state .
The Domesday Book is the record of the great survey of much of England , and parts of Wales , completed in 1086 , done for William I of England , or William the Conqueror .
One of the books was called Great Domesday , and the other was called Little Domesday .
This is an irrational number . In decimal for it is written as 1.414213 ... Mathematicians have proved that the square root of every natural number is either an integer or an irrational number .
Yuhei Ono -LRB- born 1 July 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Fagiano Okayama .
Aubrey Beardsley -LRB- 21 August 1872 â `` 16 March 1898 -RRB- was a English illustrator .
The Wall Street Journal -LRB- WSJ -RRB- is an international newspaper published every day by a company called Dow Jones & Company . It is published in New York City with Asian and European editions .
Atsushi Mio -LRB- born 26 January 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Gainare Tottori .
As technology increased and demand for the seemingly vast resources remained high , catches far exceeded the carrying capacity of whale stocks .
There is a debate about whaling in general .
Whaling is the practice of hunting whales . This is done to get meat and oil , called blubber .
In the late 1930s more than 50,000 whales were killed each year . By the middle of the 20th century , whale stocks could not recover .
There is a debate about whaling in general . Countries which are in favor of whaling want to do away with the moratorium , so they can again hunt whales as they did before .
In 1986 , the International Whaling Commission introduced a moratorium on commercial whaling so that stocks might recover .
Whaling has been done at least since 3000 BC .
Countries and environmental groups say that whaling is immoral , and that stocks have not yet recovered sufficiently . As whaling is immoral it should be banned .
The population of Piraeus is 175,697 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
Piraeus is a city in Attica , Greece , in the south of the center of Athens . The population of Piraeus is 175,697 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
King of Klondike is the main chapter of The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck .
When Nicolai left in 1847 , the orchestra nearly came to an end . They did not play very much until 1860 , when Karl Anton Eckert joined as conductor .
The Vienna Philharmonic -LRB- in German : die Wiener Philharmoniker -RRB- is an orchestra based in Vienna , Austria .
During the time Richter was conductor the orchestra gave the first performances of several very famous works , including Symphonies no 2 and 3 by Brahms and Symphony no 8 by Anton Bruckner .
The concert is dedicated to the music of the Strauss family composers , especially Johann Strauss II .
These have included a great many of the world 's best known conductors , including Richard Strauss , Arturo Toscanini , Hans Knappertsbusch , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler , Karl BÃ hm , John Barbirolli , Herbert von Karajan , Carlo Maria Giulini , Georg Solti , Erich Kleiber , James Levine , Zubin Mehta , Carlos Kleiber , Leonard Bernstein , Claudio Abbado , Riccardo Muti , Nikolaus Harnoncourt , Pierre Boulez , Lorin Maazel , Mariss Jansons , Daniel Barenboim and Valery Gergiev .
Since 1933 , the orchestra has not had one main conductor , but instead it has many guest conductors who have stayed for short periods .
Three conductors , however , gave many concerts with the orchestra during the period after World War II : Karajan and BÃ hm , who were made honorary conductors , and Bernstein , who was made an honorary member of the orchestra .
Since then , the orchestra has given concerts all the time .
The orchestra started in 1842 , when Otto Nicolai formed the Philharmonische Academie .
From 1875 to 1898 Hans Richter was principal conductor , except for the season 1882-1883 when he had an argument with the orchestral committee .
Gustav Mahler was their conductor from 1898 to 1901 . During this time the orchestra played abroad for the first time .
The next conductors of the orchestra were Felix Weingartner , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler and Clemens Krauss .
Kapellen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The Montes Taurus were named by Johannes Hevelius for the Taurus mountains in southern Turkey .
These peaks are on a highland region to the east of the Mare Serenitatis , in the northeastern quadrant of the Moon 's near side .
The selenographic coordinates of this range are 28.4 Â N , 41.1 Â E , and they have a diameter of 172 km .
At the southwestern edge of the range is RÃ mer crater , and Newcomb crater is in the northeastern section .
Some of the peaks within the range achieve heights of 3.0 km .
A number of craters lie within this range .
Several satellite craters also lie throughout the Montes Taurus .
Montes Taurus is a mountainous region on the Moon .
Fort Dodge is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Waite also says that in Hitler 's ` Rohm Purge ' speech to the Reichstag on July 13 , 1934 , that Hitler said that the Freikorps were enemies of Germany . .
After World War I the term was used for paramilitary units .
Freikorps leaders gave their old battle flags to Hitler 's SA and SS on Nov 9 , 1933 in a very big ceremony . .
Historian -LRB- someone who learns about history -RRB- Robert Waite said that Hitler had many problems with the Freikorps .
The meaning of the word changed over time .
Other freikorps were started during the Napoleonic Wars and were commanded by people such as Ferdinand von Schill and later Ludwig Adolf Wilhelm von LÃ 1\/4 tzow .
They were also used to defeat the Bavarian Soviet Republic in 1919 .
They were liked and supported by Minister of Defense Gustav Noske , a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany , who used them to stop the German Revolution and the Marxist Spartacist League , and also to murder Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg on 15 January 1919 .
Many people who would join this party had been in the Freikorps , including Ernst RÃ hm , future leader of the Sturmabteilung , or SA , and Rudolf HÃ Ã , the future Commander of the Auschwitz concentration camp .
In 1920 , Adolf Hitler had started his political work as the leader of the very small and unknown German Workers Party -LRB- that was soon called the National Socialist German Workers Party , NSDAP -LRB- or Nazi Party -RRB- -RRB- in Munich .
Many of the Friekorps had joined the SA , so when the Night of the Long Knives happened , they were targets for being murdered or arrested and this was also done to Ehrhardt and to RÃ hm .
The freikorps were though to be not reliable by regular armies and were mostly used as guards and for minor duties .
After 1918 , the word was used for the paramilitary organizations that were started in Germany by soldiers who came home after losing World War I. They were the main paramilitary groups during that time .
The first freikorps were started by Frederick II of Prussia in the eighteenth century during the Seven Years ' War .
Hermann Ehrhardt , who started the Marinebrigade Ehrhardt , and his deputy Commander , Eberhard Kautter , did not want to help Hitler and Erich von Ludendorff in the Beer Hall Putsch .
It spanned three continents , including parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan ; parts of Central Asia , Asia Minor , Thrace ; much of the Black Sea coastal regions ; Iraq , northern Saudi Arabia , Jordan , Israel , Lebanon , Syria ; and all significant population centers of ancient Egypt as far west as Libya .
The Achaemenid Empire , or Achaemenid Persian Empire , -LRB- 550 â `` 330 BC -RRB- was the first of the Persian Empires to rule over significant portions of Greater Persia -LRB- or Iran -RRB- . It followed the Median Empire as the second great empire of the Iranian peoples .
Ã coivres is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Toni Michelle Braxton -LRB- born October 7 1967 in Severn , Maryland -RRB- is an American R&B singer , songwriter , and actress .
The Count of Monte Cristo is a novel by Alexandre Dumas , pÃ re .
The book was written in 1844 .
In 1982 , the Supreme Court of California was the first state supreme court to permit the child 's right to sue for wrongful life , but in the same decision , limited the child 's recovery to special damages .
In the past , only parents could sue for their own damages the occurred as a result of the birth of a disabled child -LRB- e.g. , the mother 's own pregnancy medical bills and cost of psychiatric treatment for both parents ' emotional distress resulting from becoming aware that their child was disabled -RRB- .
This cause of action is known as wrongful birth .
The doctor or hospital is sued for not giving information about the disability during the pregnancy . The doctor or hospital may have not provided all the information on a genetic case before the pregnancy .
In four U.S. states , the child is allowed to start a wrongful life cause of action for damages .
Most other jurisdictions , including England and Ontario , have not allowed the wrongful life cause of action .
Karl DÃ nitz -LRB- September 16 , 1891 -- December 24 , 1980 -RRB- was a German naval leader .
The ProTour is the top grade of races for the top 20 cycling teams .
All of the ProTour races are in Europe , but the teams come from Europe and the United States . At the moment it is hard to move up from the Continental circuits to the ProTour , but in the future teams from Africa , Australia or Asia could take part in the ProTour .
Thongchai `` Bird '' McIntyre , who was born as Albert Thongchai McIntyre on December 8 , 1958 , is a Thai pop singer . He released his debut album in 1986 .
Bird played his first TV series with Kai while still working in the bank .
He was featured on CNN and Variety magazine .
It marks the first time in history a Thai pop artist has made an international tour .
His popular singles released recently include luk thung singles Mah Tummai -LRB- with Jintara Poonlarp -RRB- , Fan Ja -LRB- with Jintara and Jarin B. -LRB- Joey Boy -RRB- , Nat Myria Benedetti and Katreeya English -RRB- , Lao Su Kan Fang , and Yak Tham Kor Tob and Mai Kang Ying Pae from his album `` Volume One '' .
Thongchai McIntyre was born in Bangkok in 1958 . His parents were James and Udom McIntyre .
He is the most successful singer in Thailand , as he sold more than 20 million albums .
Westerners became aware of him in the mid nineties as he became the first Thai artist to receive an International MTV Award , be featured in the most high budget Thai film at the time , `` Sunset at Chaopraya '' -LRB- which reached international acclaim in Japan as well as the United States -RRB- .
Some of Bird 's best-known songs are Duay Rak Lae Pook Pan , Koo Gud , Sabai Sabai and Kob Jai Jing Jing .
He started working in a bank as an officer .
Thongchai McIntyre , or `` Bird Thongchai '' , is best known for his string -LRB- Thai pop -RRB- and luk thung music .
During that time , he had a chance to meet the famous Thai TV producer , `` Kai Varayuth '' , who saw entertainment talent in Bird .
His father died when Bird was still a child .
He reached the top of his musical career in the early nineties .
In late 2007 , he released another album entitled `` Simply Bird '' , which features songs such as Chuay Rap Tee and Mee Tae Kid Tueng .
His most memorable roles were those of Captain Kobori from Koo Kam , which was a tragic love story between a Japanese soldier -LRB- played by Bird -RRB- and a local Thai girl during the World War II . In both , he starred in a television series , and he reprised his role in the 1996 film adaptation , Sunset at Chaophraya .
He lived in a family of musicians , and so , he enjoyed an upbringing in a musical environment .
In 2010 , Bird made his first international tour in Los Angeles and the 50th Anniversary of Lincoln Center in New York .
He is also known for acting in numerous films , on the television , musicals , and in commercials .
His Grammy label mates have previously only performed at local venues .
An award winning documentary on his life entitled `` Crossing Borders '' directed by Phanjanit Garnploog can be seen at St. John 's University in New York which includes rare interviews with the director .
Missy-l Ã s-Pierrepont is a commune .
It can be added to table salt to prevent a deficiency of iodine .
Its capital is Bluefields .
The RegiÃ n AutÃ noma del AtlÃ ntico Sur is an independent part of Nicaragua . It is often simply known as RAAS .
Gabri GarcÃ a -LRB- born 10 February 1979 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for the Qatari football club Umm-Salal .
In 1958 Brush Traction Ltd and Beyer Peacock co-operated to produce five prototype diesel-electric shunting locomotives of 0-4-0 wheel arrangement .
Two were loaned to British Railways for trials , and one was subsequently purchased by BR .
They were intended to demonstrate a new generation of diesel shunters for industrial and mainline use .
However no large scale orders resulted from these demonstrators .
Spotted Joe-pye Weed -LRB- Eutrochium maculatum -RRB- is a species of plant . It belongs in the family Asteraceae .
New York University , also known as NYU , is a big university in New York City .
Diesel oil or diesel fuel is a type of fuel for cars .
Bonn was the choice of Konrad Adenauer , a former Cologne Mayor and the first Chancellor of West Germany after World War II , who came from that area . Frankfurt am Main had most of the needed facilities already , so using Bonn meant spending about 95 Million DM to building new roads and building .
Because of its relatively small size for a capital city , Bonn was sometimes jokingly called the Bundesdorf -LRB- Federal Village -RRB- .
It 's used for receptions of guests of the town , and as a bureau for the mayor .
Close by is the KurfÃ 1\/4 rstliches Schloss , which has been built as a residence of the prince-elector , and nowadays is the main building of the University of Bonn .
This axis is interrupted by a railway line and Bonn Central Station , a building erected in 1883\/84 .
Beethoven 's birth place is located at Bonngasse .
Following World War II Bonn was in the British occupation zone . In 1949 Bonn was chosen as the provisional capital of West Germany .
Bonn is a city near Cologne .
The Poppelsdorfer Allee , an alley flanked by chestnut trees , connects the KurfÃ 1\/4 rstliches Schloss with the Poppelsdorfer Schloss , a palace that was built as a resort to prince-electors in the first half of the 18th century .
The three highest buildings in the city are the radio mast of WDR in Bonn-Venusberg -LRB- 180 m -RRB- , the headquarters of the Deutsche Post called Post Tower -LRB- 162.5 m -RRB- and the former building for the German members of parliament Langer Eugen -LRB- 114.7 m -RRB- which nowadays is the new location of the UN-Campus .
Next to the market place is the Old Town Hall , built in 1737 in Rococo style , under the rule of Clemens August of Bavaria .
They taught that according to both the Bible and Christian tradition , alcohol is a gift from God that makes life happier , but that drinking too much of it and becoming drunk is a sin .
Today , all three of these positions are in Christianity , but most people still believe in the traditional position .
In the mid-19th century , some Protestant Christians moved away from this traditional belief that drinking a moderate -LRB- small -RRB- amount of wine was not bad -LRB- sometimes called moderationism -RRB- . They either decided deciding that not drinking wine at all was wisest -LRB- abstentionism -RRB- , or that drinking any alcohol was sinful -LRB- prohibitionism -RRB- .
The languages in the Bible have several words for alcoholic drinks . Though prohibitionists and some abstentionists disagree , most people agree that the words were usually meant to be about intoxicating drinks .
In the first 1,800 years of church history , Christians often enjoyed alcoholic drinks as a part of their everyday life and almost always used wine -LRB- fermented grape juice -RRB- in the Eucharist -LRB- Lord 's Supper -RRB- .
Most Christians ' opinions about alcohol depend on the way they understand what the Bible says about it , so the Bible is an important source about it .
However , the Bible also calls wine a mocker and beer a brawler -LRB- a person who fights too much -RRB- . Drinking a cup of strong wine and getting drunk are also used sometimes as a symbol of God 's anger .
Wine can be used as a symbol for good things , like abundance and health . .
â `` klamis fine la princeto - .
Ta quan me tushas retroiras a la tero deube lu venis .
Olu esas bela planeto â `` dicis la serpento - .
â `` dicis la serpento .
Since Esperanto has more speakers than Ido , most people that know Ido first learned Esperanto and then later learned that Ido is a language , too .
La princeto regardis la serpento longatempe .
Ma vu esas pura e vu venas de stelo ...
La princeto ridetis .
Me solvas omna enigmati â `` dicis la serpento .
â `` questionis la princeto .
Mea vid-cirklo restas presk ' primitiva - En olu es nia afero intima , interna Por ke kun homaro la Tero flugadez eterne .
Por quo vu venis adhike ?
â `` respondis la serpento .
Me nule savas la Dana e la Portugala , Mea vid-cirklo restas sat infantala - Nur joyi rapide pasant ' , bruligiva aflikto , Nur esperi , e timi noktal ' es en mea vid-cirklo .
Me ne kredas ke vu esas tre potenta , mem vu ne havas pedi ... nek vu povas voyajar ... Me povas transportar vu plu fore kam navo - dicis la serpento .
Aden mea vid-cirklo penetras e standas sat mastre Nur morto e nasko homala , nur grani ed astri .
Adsur qua planeto me falis ?
Me kompatas vu , qua esas tante sola sur ta harda granita Tero .
Onu esas kelke sola sur la dezerto ... Inter la personi onu anke esas sola â `` dicis la serpento .
â `` dicis la surprizata princeto .
Here is a chart of all the pronouns in English , Ido , and Esperanto .
â `` dicis la princeto - .
Esas chagreneto inter floro e me â `` dicis la princeto .
La princeto sideskis sur stono e levis lua okuli a la cielo .
E la du permanis silence .
Me povas helpar vu se vu sentas nostalgio a vua planeto .
Me savas nek la Sanskrito e nek la Latina , Mea vid-cirklo es ancien-mod ' quale tino Nur morto e nasko homala , nur grani ed astri Aden mea vid-cirklo penetras e standas sat mastre .
Vu esas stranja animalo !
â `` dicis la princeto - .
Me questionas a me â `` lu dicis - ka la steli intence brilas por ke uladie singlu povez trovar sua stelo .
Mea savo artala esas fakultativa .
Adsur Tero , sur Afrika .
Mea vid-cirklon restriktas nur timi , esperi , En olu trovesas nur amo , nur maro e tero .
Ed olu spulis la maleolo di la princeto , same kam ora braceleto .
Me nule savas la Angla , la Franca , la Greka , Mea vid-cirklo do restas sat mikra e streta - En mea vid-cirklo trovesas nur flori , arbori , Nur tero e maro , aero , fairo , amoro .
... Kad esas nulu sur Tero ?
To esas la dezerto , e nulu esas sur la dezerti .
Tero esas tre granda â `` dicis la serpento .
Vu esas tam tenua kam fingro ... Yes , ma me esas plu potenta kam fingro di rejo â `` dicis la serpento .
Me bone komprenis , ma pro quo vu sempre parolas enigmatoze ?
La princeto nulon respondis .
Ube esas la personi ?
Videz mea planeto , olu esas exakte super ni ... ma tre fore !
CHAPITRO XVII Bona nokto !
Napaskiak is a city in Alaska .
Romain Grosjean -LRB- born April 17 , 1986 in Geneva , Switzerland -RRB- is a Formula One racing driver , who holds dual nationality from France and Switzerland , but competes under a French racing licence .
He was the 2007 Formula Three Euroseries drivers ' champion and the inaugural GP2 Asia Series champion .
This territory , under the Arab name Al-Andalus , became first an Emirate and then an independent Umayyad Caliphate after the overthrowing of the dynasty in Damascus by the Abbasids .
The Mughal Empire declined in 1707 after the death of Aurangzeb and was officially abolished by the British after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
In 1031 the territory split into small territiries , and gradually the Christian kingdoms started the Reconquest up to 1492 , when Granada , the last kingdom of Al - Ã ndalus fell under the Spanish Kings .
The Byzantine-Arab Wars were between the Byzantine Empire and at first the Rashidun and then the Umayyad caliphates .
The Arab conquests brought about the collapse of the Sassanid Empire and a great territorial loss for the Byzantine Empire .
The Sassanid Persian and Byzantine empires were militarily exhausted from decades of fighting one another .
In Sub-Saharan Africa , the Sahelian kingdom expanded Muslim territories far from the coast .
The modern era saw the rise of three powerful Muslim empires : the Ottoman Empire of the Middle East and Europe , the Safavid Empire of Persia and Central Asia , and the Mughal Empire of India ; along with their contest and fall to the rise of the colonial powers of Europe .
In 711 , a muslim expedition defeated Raja Dahir at what is now Hyderabad in Sindh and established Umayyad rule by 712 .
Pierre Auguste Cot -LRB- 17 February 1837 â `` July 1883 -RRB- was a French painter .
It is on the Peloponnese peninsula .
The capital of Arcadia is the Tripoli .
Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The tabulating machine was a machine used to make the 1890 United States census . It was made by Herman Hollerith .
The Volkswagen Touareg is a SUV produced by Volkswagen sine 2002 .
The body of the Touareg were also used for the Audi Q7 and the Porsche Cayenne .
McCall is a city of Idaho in the United States .
He plays for Machida Zelvia .
Daisuke Hoshi -LRB- born 10 December 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Torn Curtain is a 1966 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Paul Newman and Julie Andrews .
Hurricane Madeline is notable for being the second-most intense Pacific hurricane at landfall .
Hurricane Liza was the deadliest storm of the season when it killed over 600 people in Mexico .
The 1976 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone formation .
Hurricanes Kathleen , Liza , and Madeline are the most notable storms this year .
Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona because of flooding .
The 1st millennium is a period of time from January 1 , 1 A.D. to December 31 , 1000 A.D. on the Julian calendar .
It was named in October , 2002 after the Roman mythological Erinome , a lover of Jupiter .
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard et al . in 2000 , and given the designation .
Erinome is about 3.2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,986,000 km in 711.965 days , at an inclination of 164 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 162 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.2552 .
Erinome belongs to the Carme group , made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165 Â .
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid part of blood .
It is mostly water -LRB- 90 % by volume -RRB- and contains dissolved proteins , glucose , clotting factors , mineral ions , hormones and carbon dioxide . Plasma is the transport medium for excretion .
In normal blood , the blood cells are suspended in the plasma .
Plasma makes up about 55 % of the total blood volume .
In hospitals , blood plasma is prepared like this . An anti-coagulant stops the blood clotting .
Blood serum is blood plasma without fibrinogen or the other clotting factors -LRB- that is , whole blood minus both the cells and the clotting factors -RRB- .
The plasma is poured into another container .
Tavaux-et-Ponts Ã ricourt is a commune .
It is one of the constitutionally-recognised official languages of Sri Lanka , along with Tamil . Sinhala has its own writing system -LRB- see Sinhala script -RRB- which is an offspring of the Indian Brahmi script .
It belongs to the Indo-Aryan language family .
Sinhala is spoken by about 19 million people in Sri Lanka , about 16 million of them are native speakers .
Sinhala has its own writing system -LRB- see Sinhala script -RRB- which is an offspring of the Indian Brahmi script .
The oldest Sinhala inscriptions were written in the 3rd and 2nd centuries BCE ; the oldest existing literary works date from the 9th century CE .
The closest relative of Sinhala is the language of the Maldives , Dhivehi .
Sinhalese or Sinhala -LRB- à à ' à à à 1\/2 , ISO 15919 : siá hala , pronounced -LRB- Ë siÅ hÉ lÉ -RRB- , earlier referred to as Singhalese -RRB- is the language of the Sinhalese , the largest ethnic group of Sri Lanka .
Schleswig-Holstein borders on Denmark in the North , the North Sea in the West , the Baltic Sea and Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in the East , and Lower Saxony and Hamburg in the South .
Beaver is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
In 1861 , American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow published a poem called Paul Revere 's Ride .
The British Army was marching to the city of Concord , Massachusetts , and Dr. Joseph Warren sent Revere and a man named William Dawes to ride on horseback from Boston to Lexington , Massachusetts to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams , who were against the British army -LRB- and thus were American patriots -RRB- .
Revere is most famous for his `` Midnight Ride '' on the night of April 18-19 , 1775 . The British Army was marching to the city of Concord , Massachusetts , and Dr. Joseph Warren sent Revere and a man named William Dawes to ride on horseback from Boston to Lexington , Massachusetts to warn John Hancock and Samuel Adams , who were against the British army -LRB- and thus were American patriots -RRB- .
Paul Revere -LRB- December 1734 - May 10 , 1818 -RRB- was a silversmith -LRB- somebody who made things out of metal -RRB- and an early United States patriot . He was a messenger in the American Revolution .
Revere is most famous for his `` Midnight Ride '' on the night of April 18-19 , 1775 .
Drogue parachutes are used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle -LRB- a fixed-wing aircraft , or a drag racer -RRB- , or to provide stability -LRB- tandem free-fall , or space shuttle after touchdown -RRB- .
381v -RRB- dated to ca .
Only slightly later , a more sophisticated parachute was sketched by the polymath Leonardo da Vinci in his Codex Atlanticus -LRB- fol .
Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently .
Exact numbers are difficult to estimate , but approximately one in a thousand sports main parachute openings malfunction , and must be cut away , although some skydivers have many hundreds of jumps and never cut away .
-LRB- 5 -RRB- According to the historian of technology Lynn White , these conical and pyramidal designs , much more elaborate than early artistic jumps with rigid parasols in Asia , mark the origin of `` the parachute as we know it '' .
-LRB- 4 -RRB- The feasibility of Leonardo 's pyramidal design was successfully tested in 2000 by the British Adrian Nicholas and again in 2008 by another skydiver .
If a parachute is not packed properly it can result in death because the main parachute might fail to deploy correctly or fully .
Parachutes can malfunction in several ways .
Sport skydivers are always trained to pack their own primary `` main '' parachutes .
In the U.S. and many developed countries , emergency and reserve parachutes are packed by `` riggers '' who must be trained and certified according to legal standards .
Leonardo 's canopy was held open by a square wooden frame , which alters the shape of the parachute from conical to pyramidal .
In the U.S. , the average fatality rate is considered to be about 1 in 80,000 jumps .
This yields an even smaller probability of a double malfunction , although the possibility of a main malfunction that can not be cut away causing a reserve malfunction is a very real risk .
Most skydivers also equip themselves with small barometric computers -LRB- known as an AAD or automatic activation device like Cypres , FXC or Vigil -RRB- that will automatically activate the reserve parachute if the skydiver himself has not deployed a parachute to reduce his rate of descent by a preset altitude .
They are also designed more conservatively , and are built and tested to more exacting standards , making them more reliable than main parachutes .
Malfunctions can range from minor problems that can be corrected in-flight and still be landed , to catastrophic malfunctions that require the main parachute to be cut away using a modern 3-ring release system , and the reserve be deployed .
A parachute is carefully folded , or `` packed '' to ensure that it will open reliably .
However , the primary safety advantage of a reserve chute comes from the probability of an unlikely main malfunction being multiplied by the even less likely probability of a reserve malfunction .
Most injuries and fatalities in sport skydiving occur under a fully functional main parachute because the skydiver made an error in judgment while flying the canopyâ '' resulting in high-speed impact with the ground , impact with a hazard on the ground that might otherwise have been avoided , or collision with another skydiver under canopy .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- Here , the scale of the parachute is in a more favorable proportion to the weight of the jumper .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- It is not known whether the Italian inventor was influenced by the earlier design , but he may have learned about the idea through the intensive oral communication among artist-engineers of the time .
The Rentenmark was introduced to stop this problem . The exchange rate was set at 4.2 Rentenmarks to 1 US Dollar .
In December of 1923 the exchange rate was 4,200,000,000,000 Marks to 1 US dollar .
In 1922 , the largest bank note was 50,000 Mark , In 1923 the largest bank note was 100,000,000,000,000 Mark .
Labarde is a commune . It is found in the Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Today Greenlanders display both the Erfalasorput and the Dannebrog , often side-by-side .
The following year , a newspaper printed eleven design proposals -LRB- all but one of which was a Nordic Cross -RRB- , and polled the people to determine the most popular .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the fjords ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
To honor the tenth anniversary of the Erfalasorput , the Greenland Post Office issued commemorative stamps and a leaflet by its creator .
The design is also reminiscent of the setting sun half-submerged below the horizon and reflected on the sea .
In 1978 , Denmark granted home rule to Greenland , making it an equal member of the Danish Kingdom .
Out of all the designs , the current red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven .
Its local name in the Greenlandic language is Erfalasorput , which means `` our flag '' , but Aappalaartoq -LRB- meaning `` the red '' -RRB- is also used for both the Greenlandic flag and the Dannebrog .
The Dannebrog was better liked than any .
Christiansen 's red-and-white flag was officially adopted on June 21 , 1985 .
The home rule government asked for flag proposals , receiving 555 . 293 were made by Greenlanders .
Greenland first thought of the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 , when five Greenlanders proposed a green , white and blue flag .
It features two equal horizontal bands of white -LRB- top -RRB- and red with a large disk at the center .
The Flag of Greenland was designed by Greenlander Thue Christiansen .
The top half of the disk is red , the bottom half is white .
Little came of this effort .
In total they use 436,000 watts when they are all on .
Inside the stadium are six themed restaurants . Two of restaurants have views of the pitch .
But the stadium had a problem common in modern stadia ; the atmosphere was rated as second lowest in the league by City fans .
It was first designed as part of Manchester 's failed bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics . The stadium was built for the 2002 Commonwealth Games at a cost of Â # 110 million .
The stadium cost about Â # 110 million . Â # 77 million of that was paid by Sport England and the rest was paid by the Manchester City Council .
Among the celebrities present at the ceremony was Queen Elizabeth II .
From 2005 to 2009 a Thomas Heatherwick sculpture , B of the Bang , was present in front of the stadium .
Athletics figures such as Jonathan Edwards and Sebastian Coe therefore criticised the decision to change the stadium into a football stadium . Redevelopment was called necessary to give the stadium a future .
Other artists who have played the stadium are U2 , Rod Stewart , Foo Fighters supported by Manic Street Preachers and The Futureheads , Bon Jovi & George Michael .
There are 68 executive boxes within the stadium . They are located along the West , North and East Stands .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are close to the stadium .
City of Manchester Stadium is sometimes abbreviated to COMS when written .
It is rated as an elite stadium by UEFA . It hosted the 2008 UEFA Cup Final between Rangers and Zenit St Petersburg .
At first , all sides of the stadium were named by compass direction -LRB- North Stand and South Stand for the ends , East Stand and West Stand for the sides -RRB- .
In July 2006 , funding for the extension was reinstated , but for a shorter length . A Sportcity Metrolink station will open in 2012 .
The record football attendance at the stadium is 47,348 . It was set at a Premier League game against Chelsea on 5 December 2009 .
In June 2005 , the stadium hosted England 's opening game in the UEFA Women 's Championship . It set an attendance record for the competition .
There was a second level on the two sides . It had an open-air temporary stand at one end .
Plans to build a stadium in east Manchester were made around 1990 as part of the city 's bid to host the 2000 Summer Olympics . Manchester City Council paid for a design for an 80,000 seat stadium on a brownfield site known as Eastlands .
It is suspended from steel cables attached to eight towers . These provide access to the upper level of seating via spiral ramps .
Work on land around the stadium started in September 2010 .
The stadium has generally received positive feedback from fans . It came in second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom 's favorite football ground .
The nearest railway station is Ashburys . It is a 20-minute walk south of the stadium .
Because of this , Manchester City played their UEFA Cup first round qualifying match at Barnsley 's Oakwell Stadium .
In February 2004 , after a vote by fans , the West Stand was renamed the Colin Bell Stand . It was named in honor of the former player .
The areas without seating in each corner have movable louvres . This allows for air to move through the pitch .
This work took a year and added 12,000 seats .
It is one of the UK 's largest music venues . It has a maximum capacity of 60,000 for performances .
Manchester City F.C. signed an agreement with Manchester City Council in March 2010 to allow redevelopment of land around the stadium . This may include adding more seats to make 60,000 in the stadium .
Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the usual manned turnstile .
The City of Manchester Stadium is a stadium in Manchester , England .
The Blue Camp , a pun on Barcelona 's Nou Camp , has been used rarely .
During the ten days of competition , the stadium hosted all athletics events and the rugby sevens .
The first public football match at the stadium was a friendly between Manchester City and Barcelona on 10 August 2003 .
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 . Fans mostly ignored this name for it .
After the Commonwealth Games , the stadium was changed so it could be used as a football stadium .
The temporary stand was taken apart . It was replaced with a permanent structure of similar design to the existing one at the southern end .
The first public event at the stadium was the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games on 25 July 2002 .
After the club was taken over by the Emirati Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008 , some fans called the stadium Middle Eastlands as a joke .
It became the 50th stadium to host an England international football match when the English and Japanese national teams played on 1 June 2004 .
Many people called The 2002 Commonwealth Games a huge success with the stadium gaining positive reviews for its atmosphere and architectural design .
Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often tear up the pitch .
The City of Manchester Stadium has a UEFA standard dimension pitch , 105 x. It has a natural grass pitch reinforced with artificial grass fibers made by Desso .
On 30 January 2007 , it was announced that the UK 's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium . Plans for this have since been stopped .
An extension to the Metrolink tram system with a stop at the stadium was announced in 2000 . However , after a government spending review , the plan was put on hold in July 2004 .
Built to honor the success of the 2002 Commonwealth Games , it was the tallest sculpture in the UK .
Manchester then made a successful bid to host the 2002 Commonwealth Games . They used the stadium plans from the Olympic bid .
The stadium is also licensed for marriage ceremonies .
The stadium has a number of unofficial nicknames .
While the seating is a full bowl , each side of the stadium has its own name .
The stadium is the centrepiece of an area known as Sportcity . It also includes several other sporting venues .
The club is also talking with Manchester City Council to make a new lease on the stadium for the future .
The City of Manchester Stadium is located to the east of Manchester city center .
Manchester City F.C. moved to the new ground for the 2003 â `` 04 season .
The 2008 takeover made the football club the richest in the world . This led to rumors that the club could think about buying the stadium from the city .
It was a UEFA Cup game between Manchester City and Welsh Premier League side TNS . City won 5 â `` 0 .
In September 2006 , Manchester City received planning permission to build an 85 m wind turbine at the stadium .
The Arena served as a warm-up track during the Commonwealth Games . It is now a 6,178 capacity venue that hosts national athletics trials and Manchester City reserve team games .
Some fans were not too excited about moving from the famous Maine Road , Maine Road had a reputation for having a great atmosphere and character . Others were happy about the bigger stadium and move back to east Manchester where Manchester City formed .
The first concert at the stadium was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 2004 . They were supported by James Brown .
Manchester City won the game 2 â `` 1 . The first goal at the stadium was scored by Nicolas Anelka .
The City of Manchester Stadium has won a number of design awards . This includes the 2004 Royal Institute of British Architects Inclusive Design Award for inclusive building design , and the 2003 Institution of Structural Engineers Structural Special Award .
A 2007 Premier League fan poll found that fans thought views at the stadium were second best in the Premier League after the Emirates Stadium .
Part of the North Stand is called the Family Stand .
In 1996 , the planned stadium competed with Wembley Stadium to gain funding to become the national stadium . The money was used to redevelop Wembley instead .
Local band and vocal Manchester City supporters , Oasis , have played concerts at the stadium . One of their shows was featured on their DVD Lord Do n't Slow Me Down .
Several special bus services serve the stadium when events take place .
City of Manchester Stadium 's foundation stone was laid by Prime Minister , Tony Blair , in December 1999 . Construction began in January 2000 .
It is also called COMS or Eastlands .
However , structural problems led to the sculpture being taken apart in 2009 .
Their first Premier League win did not come until 14 September . Nicolas Anelka scored a hat-trick to help City beat Aston Villa 4 â `` 1 .
Supporters of visiting teams sit in part of the South Stand .
However , in October 1993 , the games were awarded to Sydney , Australia .
Four Commonwealth records were set at the stadium , including the women 's triple jump and the women 's 5000 m.
Manchester Piccadilly , which serves mainline trains from London , Birmingham and Edinburgh , is a 30-minute walk away .
The stadium has also hosted several other sporting events .
This system can admit up to 1,200 people per minute around all entrances .
The change cost over Â # 30 million . It was paid for by the football club .
Manchester City started the Premier League season with an away match . They beat Charlton 3 â `` 0 .
The stadium site itself has 2,000 parking spaces . Another 8,000 spaces in the area around the stadium are provided by local businesses and schools working with the football club .
The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as the Kippax . It is named after the East Stand from Maine Road .
David Sommeil scored City 's goal . Portsmouth 's was scored by Yakubu Aiyegbeni .
The stadium is owned by Manchester City Council . It is leased by the football club .
Another Manchester act , Take That , also released a DVD of their performance at the stadium , Take That : The Ultimate Tour .
A service tunnel running under the stadium provides access for emergency vehicles . It allows the visiting team 's bus to enter the stadium directly .
In 2008 , end-of-season fixes , along with an early start to the football season , meant the pitch was not ready in time for the first scheduled home game .
Sections of the track were removed and placed at other athletics stadiums . The ground level was lowered to make way for another level of seating .
Designed by Norman Foster , the turbine was meant to give power for the stadium and nearby homes . Safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being stopped .
Cao Xueqin -LRB- Chinese : æ é è , 1724 or 1715 â '' 1763 or 1764 -RRB- , was an Chinese writer during the Qing Dynasty . The most famous work by Cao Xueqin is the Dream of the Red Chamber , which is thought to be a great novel in Chinese literature .
The Cardinals have a strong rivalry with the Chicago Cubs that began in 1885 .
The Cardinals have won a National League record 10 World Series championships , second in Major League Baseball for most championships behind the New York Yankees , who have 27 .
They joined the National League in 1892 and have been known as the Cardinals ever since 1900 .
They are part of the Central Division in the National League .
The St. Louis Cardinals -LRB- also called as `` the Cards '' or `` the Redbirds '' -RRB- are a Major League Baseball team based in St. Louis , Missouri .
The Cardinals were started by the American Association in 1882 as the St. Louis Brown Stockings , who got their name from an earlier National League team .
The Cardinals began play in the current Busch Stadium in 2006 , becoming the first team since 1923 to win the World Series in their first season in a new ballpark .
Fox Chase is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Note that 1600 is actually the last year of the 16th century ; 1601 is the actual first year of the 17th century .
Francis Colburn Adams was an American writer , who used to live in Charleston , South Carolina .
Alle is a municipality of the district Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Uzbekistan national football team is the national football team of Uzbekistan .
Loma de Cabrera is a Dominican city and municipality of the DajabÃ n province , on the northwestern part of the country , near the border with Haiti .
Following Brown 's resignation as Labor leader on 10 May 2010 , Harman was the acting leader of the Labor Party until Ed Miliband was elected on September 25 , 2010 .
She was first elected for Peckham in a by-election in 1982 .
She is the Member of Parliament for the Camberwell and Peckham constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom . She was first elected for Peckham in a by-election in 1982 .
In PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon Lucario is seen as the greatest rescue leader of all time , and earning 15,000 Rescue Points will put the player in the top rank - the Lucario rank - and the Lucario statue will be put outside the rescue base .
Lucario thinks of Sir Aaron as both his master and close friend .
Lucario sacrificed himself in order to save the Tree of Beginning , though the credits showed him with Sir Aaron eating a chocolate bar .
In the PokÃ mon Adventures manga , like in games , it appears under the ownership of Riley who was on a boat heading to the Battle Frontier .
Although another editor stated that it would make sense for PokÃ mon to be represented by a fighting-type PokÃ mon , since Super Smash Bros Brawl is a fighting game .
Lucario has a furry yellow body , and its hips are in the shape of what looks like blue shorts .
Lucario is a PokÃ mon that appears in the Nintendo DS versions of PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl ; Lucario is used by Maylene , the third Sinnoh Gym Leader , a tag-team partner known as Riley , and by Cynthia , Sinnoh 's Elite Four Champion .
Then , in the next episode , it battled in Ash 's gym battle against Maylene .
Brawl `` a bit on the head scratching side '' in light of more familiar characters in the title such as Pikachu . Although another editor stated that it would make sense for PokÃ mon to be represented by a fighting-type PokÃ mon , since Super Smash Bros Brawl is a fighting game .
Brawl due to a leak .
Beckett PokÃ mon Unofficial Collector editor Sean Cooper stated that Lucario had grown popular in recent years due to his starring role in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew and his appearance in Super Smash Bros. .
After Aaron traps him in a magic staff at the film 's start , Lucario begins questioning any PokÃ mon-human relationship .
Brawl `` a bit on the head scratching side '' in light of more familiar characters in the title such as Pikachu .
UGO described Lucario as `` a new breed of PokÃ mon , with a cooler , more dangerous look .
It was first seen battling with Maylene in their training .
It defeated Ash 's Staravia and Chimchar , but was knocked out along with Ash 's Buizel , which ended in a tie .
the main character , Hareta , gained a Riolu egg which hatched into a Riolu later on in that chapter and then evolved in to Lucario .
IGN called its presence in Super Smash Bros. .
It has the ability to sense the aura in all living things , and can use telepathic human speech .
Diamond meets Riley at Iron Island , and Byron asks Riley to help Diamond sharpen his PokÃ mon battle skills before Diamond goes to Lake Verity .
Lucario used Aura Sphere to stop the battle of Electabuzz , Piplup , and Pikachu , and is seen battling Paul 's PokÃ mon in a flashback .
It 's quick and possesses a damaging set of attacks '' , yet called it lame due to its status as a PokÃ mon. .
Lucario is a character of the PokÃ mon anime and video game series .
In an interview with PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl director Junichi Masuda , he noted Lucario 's name as one of the hardest to make , because they wanted to make it work for both the Japanese and Americans .
Lucario 's hands are black and have one white spike on each arm on the top of its wrists , and there 's a third spike on Lucario 's chest .
Lucario was confirmed to be a playable character in Super Smash Bros. .
Lucario is a jackal-like PokÃ mon that 's around four feet in height .
In PokÃ mon Diamond and Pearl Adventure !
Lucario was seen again where it battled in Dawn 's gym battle with Maylene , where it defeated Dawn 's Ambipom and Piplup .
Finaly , Lucario was seen when it helped Ash and the others defeat Saturn and Team Galactic .
GamesRadar described it as an `` all-around bad-ass '' and `` the Bruce Lee of PokÃ mon '' , suggesting its design as similar to the Egyptian God Anubis .
Aaron had trained this Lucario to use aura .
In the movie , Lucario is a servant to Sir Aaron in a Renaissance-themed city called Cameron Palace .
Brawl , and uses attacks like Aura Sphere , Force Palm , ExtremeSpeed , Double Team , and its final smash , Aura Storm .
Lucario 's main role in the anime is his appearance in the eighth PokÃ mon movie , PokÃ mon : Lucario and the Mystery of Mew .
A teen idol is a celebrity or famous person who is very popular with teenagers .
Teen idols are often young , but are not always teenagers themselves . They are often pop singers or actors .
People started to call celebrities teen idols in the 20th century .
The Sun is a main-sequence star . Most of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy and most other galaxies are also main-sequence stars .
Another possible host city was Vancouver-Garibaldi , British Columbia , Canada ; they withdrew before the final vote .
The 1980 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1980 in Lake Placid , New York , United States of America .
Seninghem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
However , he lost his role as Head of the Judiciary and as Head of Government in 1961 , as President of Legislative Council in 1980 and finally as President of Tynwald in 1990 .
Thus the Lieutenant Governor will remain as currently titled .
The Lieutenant Governor is the representative on the Isle of Man of the Lord of Mann , currently Queen Elizabeth II .
The Lieutenant Governor had all judicial , fiscal -LRB- tax raising -RRB- and executive power and in about 1900 had more power over the island than any other Commonwealth leader had in their colony or dominion .
In October 2005 Tynwald wanted to change the title of the Lieutenant Governor to Crown Commissioner .
Today the role of Lieutenant Governor is ceremonial , although certain powers under Isle of Man legislation do still fall to the Governor or Governor-in-Council -LRB- a decision on the advice , and with the approval of , the Council of Ministers -RRB- .
However , in April 2006 , after much public disapproval , Tynwald rejected their own proposal and withdrew their request for Royal Assent .
The official residence of the Governor is Government House , Governor 's Road , Onchan .
He\/she has the power to grant Royal Assent and is styled His Excellency .
This proposal was sent to the British Department of Constitutional Affairs for submission to the Lord of Mann Elizabeth II for approval .
No Manx-born person has ever been appointed Lieutenant Governor , although Manx born First Deemsters -LRB- ex officio Deputy Governors -RRB- have taken on the role Governors ' terms of office , and when the Lieutenant Governor is off the Island .
In recent times the Governor has either been a retired diplomat or senior military officer .
Voyager 2 was launched on August 20 , 1977 .
Charles August Lindbergh , Sr. -LRB- January 20 , 1859 â `` May 24 , 1924 -RRB- , was a United States Congressman for 6th District of Minnesota from 1907 to 1917 .
Marcos AurÃ lio Galeano -LRB- born 28 March 1972 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The Santa Margarita River is a river in southern California , between Los Angeles and San Diego .
Berlise is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Dujiangyan Irrigation System , a UNESCO World Heritage Site was damaged . This is an ancient water system which is still in use .
Cars on Beijing 's roads stopped .
Because of China 's one-child policy , many families lost their only child .
In Beijing many office buildings were evacuated . This included the building with the media offices for the 2008 Summer Olympics .
All of the highways into Wenchuan , and others across Sichuan province , were damaged . This slowed down arrival of the rescue troops .
The US sent two U.S. Air Force C-17 's carrying supplies , which included tents and generators .
The Ningbo Organizing Committee of Beijing Olympic torch relay stopped the relay for 3 days .
In total , 391 dams , were damaged by the quake .
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks in walls of some buildings .
It was the deadliest and strongest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake , which killed at least 240,000 people .
In Shifang , 2 chemical factories were damaged and leaked 80 tons of liquid ammonia .
Office buildings in Shanghai , including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower , were evacuated -LRB- all the people were made to leave -RRB- .
The famous Fish Mouth was cracked .
Over 300 Tibetan villagers were stranded in the ruined village without food and water . Commander Yang Wenyao 's rescue group arrived after walking for 5 days , and helped the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain .
Chengdu airport reopened as the airport was used for relief operations .
100 soldiers , along with relief supplies , parachuted into inaccessible Maoxian County , northeast of Wenchuan .
Liu Shaokun -LRB- å ç '' å -RRB- , a Sichuan school teacher , was arrested on June 25 , 2008 . He had been spreading `` rumors and destroying social order '' about the Sichuan Earthquake .
Chengdu , a city of 4.5 million people , had a value of about US$ 115 billion .
In Beichuan county , 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed , 10,000 injured and 80 % of the buildings were destroyed .
The Economist said that China reacted to the disaster `` rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness '' . This was different to Myanmar 's secretive response to Cyclone Nargis , which struck the country 10 days before the earthquake .
About 2,000 troops were sent to Zipingpu , to try and release the pressure through spillway .
On May 16 , rescue groups from South Korea , Japan , Singapore , Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort .
The Chengdu airport was shut down .
Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area .
This includes 158 workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to fix roads .
On May 29 , 2008 , officials began looking at the ruins of thousands of schools that collapsed . They were searching for clues about why they fell down .
For example , the official Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the problems in disaster recovery .
Volunteers have also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims .
Local officials told them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation .
Other entertainment websites , including gaming sites , were blacked out . Other websites had links to earthquake donations .
At least 7,000 school buildings collapsed .
Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised China 's rescue effort as `` swift and very efficient '' .
Because of complaints from the other countries , Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp .
The earthquake 's epicenter -LRB- where the earthquake happened -RRB- was 80 k west-northwest of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan province .
least 1,700 people .
Insurance companies have put their losses at US$ 1 billion from the earthquake . The total cost of damage could be more than US$ 20 billion .
One rescue team found only 2,300 people still alive in Yingxiu . Before the quake there had been about 9,000 people there .
The next day , 15,600 troops from the Chengdu Military Region joined the rescue force .
People stood silent for 3 minutes . Air defense , police and fire sirens , and the horns of vehicles , vessels and trains sounded .
None of the Olympic venues were damaged .
Chinese websites changed their front pages to black and white . Sina.com and Sohu , changed their homepage to news items only , and removed all advertisements .
Eight schools fell down in Dujiangyan .
Older buildings , built before 1976 , were not designed to stay up in an earthquake .
At 14:28 CST on May 19 , 2008 , one week after the earthquake , the Chinese public held a moment of silence .
This was the first force from outside the People 's Republic of China to join the rescue effort .
Officials in Sichuan province have removed the limit of one child for families whose only child was killed or badly injured .
China Unicom 's service in Wenchuan and nearby areas were cut off , with more than 700 phone towers out of action .
Two pandas at a Giant Panda reserve were injured . Two others went missing after the quake .
China did not have earthquake building rules until after the big Tangshan earthquake in 1976 .
At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School .
The government censors have stopped stories of badly built schools from being published in the media . There has been an incident where police drove away the protestors .
So-called `` illegal children '' under 18 years of age may be made a legal replacement for their dead brother or sister .
One SilkAir flight was sent to land in nearby Kunming instead .
In Beichuan county , 80 % of the buildings collapsed .
Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang .
Heavy rain and landslides made rescue efforts difficult .
A train with 13 petrol tanks came of the railway tracks in Huixian County , Gansu Province , and caught on fire .
A 56-year-old Taiwanese tourist was killed in Dujiangyan . He was trying to rescue 11 tourists trapped on the Lingyanshan Ropeway .
Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province .
Workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes .
The Tulong dam was in danger of bursting .
Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange stopped trading in companies based in south west China .
China Mobile had more than lost 2,300 base stations due to lack of power and too many phone calls .
The Tzu Chi Foundation arrived from Taiwan on May 13 .
He said the size of the disaster was so big that `` we ca n't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs '' .
When rescue helicopters had trouble in landing near the epicenter in Wenchuan , a student proposed a new landing spot online .
The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with the Chinese government .
Liu had gone to the Shifang -LRB- ä '' é -RRB- area , taken photos of collapsed school buildings , and put them online .
-LRB- July 2008 numbers -RRB- The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless , though the number could be as high as 11 million .
Chinese video sharing websites , youku and Tudou , had a black background and only showed videos about the earthquake .
The Internet has been used for passing information to help rescue and recovery in China .
It is the first time China had national mourning days for something other than the death of a state leader . Many people say it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao .
He has been ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor -LRB- å å æ å
Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School .
The Chinese government said the quake killed 69,181 people , including 68,636 in Sichuan province . There are 18,498 people listed as missing ; 374,171 people were injured .
Fuligny is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
They released an album in 1997 , called My Own Prison . However , they started to get famous when they released Human Clay , in 1999 .
They released another album in 2001 , called Weathered .
Tremonti , Phillips and Marshall helped start a new band called Alter Bridge .
The members of this band are vocalist Scott Stapp , guitar player Mark Tremonti , drum player Scott Phillips , and bass guitar player Brian Marshall .
Creed got back together in 2009 and have come out with a new album called Full Circle .
Dorothy Hamill is an American figure skating champion of the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1976 Gold medalist .
In the negative connotation , compromise may be referred to as capitulation , referring to a `` surrender '' of objectives , principles , or material , in the process of negotiating an agreement .
In arguments , compromise is a concept of finding agreement through communication , through a mutual acceptance of terms , while often involving variations from an original goal or desire .
To compromise is to make a deal where one person gives up part of his or her demand .
In human relationships , `` compromise '' is frequently said to be an agreement that no party is happy with , this is because the parties involved often feel that they either gave away too much or that they received too little .
Defining and finding the best possible compromise is an important problem in fields like game theory and the voting system .
Research has indicated that less-than-optimal compromises are often the result of negotiators failing to realize when they have interests that are completely compatible with those of the other party , and hence , they settle for suboptimal agreements .
Extremism is often considered as antonym to compromise , which , depending on context , may be associated with concepts of balance or tolerance .
Mutually-better outcomes can often be found by careful study of both parties ' interests , especially if done early in negotiations .
A parallelogram is a polygon with four sides . It has two pairs of parallel sides -LRB- sides which never meet -RRB- and four edges .
The opposite sides of a parallelogram have the same length -LRB- they are equally long -RRB- .
It is divisible by 2 , 3 , 6 , and 9 .
Vale of Leven F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
It was made by the American game maker Bethesda in May 2006 . The game is for the Xbox 360 video game console and the PC -LRB- computer -RRB- .
The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion is a roleplaying video game .
It was also made for the Sony Playstation 3 in May 2007 .
Farley is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The National Library of China is one of the world 's largest libraries found in Beijing , China .
The category is for articles and events specifically related to the decade beginning with the year 2000 and ending with the year 2009 .
The Mexican Grand Prix -LRB- Gran Premio de Mexico -RRB- was a Formula One motor race held at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez in Mexico City .
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background .
It first appeared as a non-championship event in 1962 before being held as a championship event from 1963-1970 and 1986-1992 .
It is made when an electric current is passed through a mixture of cold bromine and oxygen gases .
Released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public Licence , Draw is free software .
OpenOffice.org Draw is a vector graphics editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite .
It also includes many features found in desktop publishing software .
Linux distributions Debian and Ubuntu also have ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories .
OpenOffice.org users can also install the Open Clip Art Library , which adds a lot of flags , logos , icons and banners for general presentation and drawing projects .
It has `` connectors '' between shapes , that are available in many types of line styles and allow people to build drawings such as flowchart .
1973 -LRB- MCMLXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
The last of the Clan McDuck is the first chapter of The life and times of Scrooge McDuck 's .
It collects data and issues forecasts , advisories , and warnings for the entire country .
The Servicio MeteorologÃ co Nacional -LRB- SMN -RRB- is Mexico 's national weather organization .
The Cathedral of Le Mans is a Cathedral built in Gothic style .
Bachelor of Arts is a college degree .
It takes three years to get it in Australia , Austria , Denmark , Estonia , England , Wales , Northern Ireland , Germany , Iceland , India , Israel , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Norway , Quebec , Pakistan , Singapore , South Africa , and Switzerland .
Indian River County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida , and was formed on May 30 , 1925 .
Its county seat is Vero Beach .
As of 2000 , the population is 112,947 .
Today , some of the flow of the river has been restored , and the lake now has some water .
Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years , Owens held water until 1924 .
Owens Lake is a mostly dry lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada of Inyo County , California , located about 5 m south of Lone Pine , California .
He married in 1104 : 1 -RRB- Lucienne de Rochefort â '' the marriage was canceled .
Louis VI -LRB- 1 December 1081 â `` 1 August 1137 -RRB- , called the Fat , was King of France from 1108 until his death -LRB- 1137 -RRB- .
Edwardstone is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district , in the county of Suffolk , England .
The parish contains the villages and hamlets of Mill Green , Priory Green Round Maple and Sherbourne Street .
Andrew George ` Red ' Spooner -LRB- August 24 , 1910 â '' May 7 , 1984 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1929 â `` 30 NHL season .
The Fajr prayer is the first of the five daily prayers -LRB- salat -RRB- recited by practising Muslims .
Air-ground radiotelephone service is a method of telephone communications used by aircraft pilots and passengers of commercial airline jets flying over the United States .
The word `` periodontitis '' comes from peri -LRB- `` around '' -RRB- , odont -LRB- `` tooth '' -RRB- and - itis -LRB- `` redness '' -RRB- .
Periodontitis is a set of diseases which usually attacks the tissues surrounding the teeth .
Mauro Bellugi -LRB- born 7 February , 1950 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
It is based on the fictional world of her Max and Ruby books .
It is based on the fictional world of her Max and Ruby books . The episodes show stories about three year old Max , an anthropomorphised toddler bunny , and his big sister , seven year old Ruby , a patient young lady .
Max and Ruby is a 2002 animated television series . It is aimed at a preschool children .
He was born in Brandon , Manitoba .
Chuck Scherza -LRB- born February 15 , 1923 -RRB- is a former professional ice hockey player who played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League , winning a Calder Cup championship in 1949 .
This is still called the Archimedes Screw .
Cantabria belongs to the Green Spain , the name given to the strip of land between the Cantabrian Sea and the Cantabrian Mountains in northern Spain .
It is located at the border to the USA , opposite El Paso .
About 1,300,000 people live in Ciudad JuÃ rez .
Ciudad JuÃ rez is a city in the state of Chihuahua in Mexico .
Hertford is the county town of Hertfordshire , England .
It will be the last year of the 2020s decade .
2029 -LRB- MMXXIX -RRB- will be a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
In Your House was a pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- series made by the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- .
The original idea was in months where the WWF was n't producing a major PPV event -LRB- WrestleMania , King of the Ring , SummerSlam , Survivor Series , and Royal Rumble which ran for three hours -RRB- they would produce a two hour PPV event for a lower price of $ 19.95 .
The events were numbered numerically -LRB- example : In Your House # 1 , # 2 -RRB- until In Your House # 7 where specific subtitles were added which usually referred to the main event , starting with In Your House # 7 : Good Friends , Better Enemies -LRB- refers to the Shawn Michaels vs. Diesel match -RRB- .
His forms are usually abstractions of the human figure , typically depicting mother-and-child or reclining figures .
Henry Spencer Moore OM CH FBA -LRB- 30 July 1898 â `` 31 August 1986 -RRB- was an English sculptor and artist in the modern art genre .
He became well-known through his larger-scale abstract cast bronze and carved marble sculptures .
Moore was born in Castleford , the son of a mining engineer .
His forms are generally pierced or contain hollow spaces .
Many interpreters liken the undulating form of his reclining figures to the landscape and hills of his birthplace , Yorkshire .
Moore 's works are usually suggestive of the female body , apart from a phase in the 1950s when he sculpted family groups .
Yet he lived frugally and most of the money he earned went towards endowing the Henry Moore Foundation , which continues to support education and promotion of the arts .
His ability in later life to fulfill large-scale commissions made him exceptionally wealthy .
He was best known for his abstract monumental sculptures which are located around the world as public works of art .
Monthenault is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Malafretaz is a commune .
This is a log of changes made to user rights .
Andrej PanadiÄ -LRB- born 9 March 1969 -RRB- is a former Croatian football player .
Newport County A.F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
Takuya Honda -LRB- born 17 April 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
1983 -LRB- MCMLXXXIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar .
The urban population was 58.28 % of the total population .
SÃ nchez became the most important port of the country during the rest of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century .
The railway worked until 1966 .
The municipality has a total population of 26,505 : 13,436 men and 13,069 women .
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
And the Yuna River has been filling the SamanÃ Bay with solid material and only small boats can get to the port .
It was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from town to La Vega -LRB- in the La Vega province -RRB- began to run across the rich region of the Cibao .
The port has lost its importance because When other ports in the country grew in importance , SÃ nchez lost its importance as a port .
The old town of Las CaÃ itas was elevated to the category of municipality in 1866 with the name of Francisco del Rosario SÃ nchez , one of the three Founding Fathers of the Dominican Republic .
Fishing was the main activity but now is not so important .
SÃ nchez is a Dominican municipality in the SamanÃ province , on the south coast of the peninsula of SamanÃ .
For example , in Euripides ' play Alcestis , the heroine agrees to give up her own life in order to spare the life of her husband , Admetus .
A more frequently cited example is Euripides ' Medea in which the deus ex machina is used to convey Medea , who has just committed murder and infanticide , away from her husband Jason to the safety and civilization of Athens .
At the end Heracles shows up and seizes Alcestis from Death , restoring her to life and to Admetus .
Kenta Suzuki -LRB- born 16 September 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Sagamihara .
Catanzaro is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy .
ISO 3166 is a standard made by the International Organization for Standardization -LRB- ISO -RRB- and it uses codes to name places into 3 letters .
Mountain Brook is a city in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States . The city is a suburb of Birmingham , Alabama .
In 2005 , Mountain Brook had a population of 20,821 , and is on several lists of the United States ' wealthiest communities .
A spatula , also called a turner , or a fish slice , is a kitchen tool with a long handle and a flat top , used for lifting food .
Spatulas are usually made of plastic or metal , with a wooden or plastic handle to keep it away from heat .
This is particularly visible in snakes , which are able to open their mouths very wide to accommodate comparatively large prey .
The squamates and tuatara together are a sister group to crocodiles and birds , the living archosaurs .
From morphological data , Iguanid lizards have been thought to have diverged from other squamates very early , but recent molecular phylogenies , both from mitochondrial and nuclear DNA , do not support this early divergence .
Squamates are a monophyletic group that is a sister group to the tuatara .
Snake venom evolved by the duplication of a gene encoding for a normal regulatory or bioactivity protein . Then the copy was expressed in the venom gland .
Natural selection has driven the diversification of the toxins to counter the defences of the prey .
Venom in the families Caenophidia , Anguimorpha , and Iguania evolved once , then the three families diverged . All three lineages share nine common toxins .
Venom genes form large multigene families , and evolve by protein evolution . This leads to a diversification of toxins that let sit-and-wait predators attack a wide range of prey .
Their skins have overlapping horny scales .
Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom lies deep in the squamate phylogeny . 60 % of squamates are venomous Toxicofera .
The fossil record shows that the divergence between anguimorphs , iguanians , and advanced snakes dates back roughly 200 MYA to the Upper Triassic\/Lower Jurassic .
They are the most variably-sized order of reptiles , ranging from the 16 mm -LRB- 0.63 in . -RRB-
Dwarf gecko -LRB- Sphaerodactylus ariasae -RRB- to the 8 m -LRB- 26 ft. -RRB- Green Anaconda -LRB- Eunectes murinus -RRB- .
Squamate fossils first appear in the early Jurassic , but a mitochondrial phylogeny suggests that they evolved in the late Permian .
The evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out , with the relationship of snakes to other groups being most problematic .
Of these , the lizards form a paraphyletic group .
They also have movable quadrate bones , which make it possible to move the upper jaw relative to the braincase .
Because snakes have a faster molecular clock than other squamates , and there are few early snake and snake ancestor fossils , it is difficult to resolve the relationship between snakes and other squamate groups .
In newer classifications the name Sauria is used for reptiles and birds in general , and the Squamata are divided differently :
You have on your watchlist , not counting talk pages .
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. is an English football club .
Carter was educated at the Royal Naval School in Greenwich , London .
The Egba chiefs also promised to end human sacrifices .
Carter was the only son of Thomas Gilbert Carter who was a Commander in the British Royal Navy .
In the early 1920s , he moved back to Barbados , and lived at Ilaro Court , which had been designed and built by his wife .
Carter and Parker got married on 25 August 1903 in the Church of the Advent in Boston , USA .
In 1892 , Carter ordered an attack on the Ijebu tribe -LRB- of the Yoruba people -RRB- `` in the interest of civilization '' .
On 1 January 1890 , Carter was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George -LRB- CMG -RRB- .
Afterwards , he continued to say that this attack was a war to end slavery and promote civilization .
Sir Gilbert Thomas Carter KCMG -LRB- 14 January 1848 â `` 18 January 1927 -RRB- was an administrative officer in the Royal Navy , and later a colonial official who served as an Administrator and Governor in Africa and the Caribbean .
In January 1893 the Egba chiefs decided to sign a Treaty of Independence with the British Government .
Carter joined the Royal Navy in 1864 , working as an Assistant Clerk on different ships .
In 1919 , he changed his surname to Gilbert-Carter .
In response , Carter sent three British gunboats to get revenge for the bad treatment shown to the envoy .
In the Spring of 1903 , Carter met Gertrude Codman Parker -LRB- born 6 February 1875 -RRB- . She was traveling in the Bahamas with her parents .
In early 1893 , Carter traveled to various parts of Yorubaland , accompanied by soldiers , in an attempt to demonstrate the power of the British .
In August 1879 , he was appointed Collector of Customs and Treasurer of the Gold Coast .
In 1891 , the native King of Gambia had been organising abusive acts towards the British colonists .
In 1898 , Carter was moved to The Bahamas as the Governor and Commander-in-Chief . He also had a temporary job as the Governor of Trinidad .
On 3 February 1891 , Carter was appointed Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of Lagos -LRB- now Nigeria -RRB- .
Carter sent an envoy from his official residence in Bathurst with a message that if the abuses continued , `` he might expect a visit of a disciplinary nature from the marine forces of the Queen of England . ''
From 1882 until December 1888 , Carter was in charge of the Settlement -LRB- the British colony -RRB- on The Gambia as a Treasurer and Postmaster .
On 1 December 1888 , he was appointed Administrator on the Gambia 's separation from Sierra Leone .
Carter retired in 1910 .
The King sent the envoy back mutilated , with a message : `` This is the King 's answer . ''
He was promoted to Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George -LRB- KCMG -RRB- on 3 June 1893 , . This was for the work that he did in Yoruba country , and for bringing an end to a long war there .
In 1875 , Carter became the private secretary to Sir George Berkeley who was the Governor of the Leeward Islands .
Carter sent works of art made by the Ife peoples of Yoruba to Europe .
On August 7 , 2008 , it was announced that Columbia Pictures bought the screen rights to the franchise , and that Don Payne would write the screenplay .
The series focuses on six kids who are 98 % human and 2 % avian , Max , Fang , Iggy , Nudge , Gasman and Angel -LRB- also known as the Flock -RRB- who must escape from evil mad scientists from `` The School '' .
In January 2007 it was announced that a film would be made based on the Maximum Ride series .
The producer will be Avi Arad , one of the producers of Spider-Man , X-Men and other Marvel movies .
In an interview with James Patterson , it was told Arad has already planned out the first two movies .
Brian Wesley Campbell -LRB- born May 23 , 1979 in Strathroy , Ontario -RRB- is an NHL ice hockey defenceman for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Transport can be divided into infrastructure , vehicles and operations .
Caledonian Road is a station on the Piccadilly Line of the London Underground , between King 's Cross St. Pancras and Holloway Road , and in Travelcard Zone 2 .
It was opened on 15 December 1906 by the Great Northern , Piccadilly and Brompton Railway .
When he did not show up for the pay-per-view , viewers were told that it was because of a `` family emergency . '' Johnny Nitro took his place in the title match .
Bailes and his colleagues concluded that repeated concussions can lead to dementia , which can contribute to severe behavioral problems .
He also confirmed that his son was quietly cremated , but what was done with the ashes is not public knowledge .
After an accident that broke Sabu 's neck , he became known as `` The Crippler '' Chris Benoit .
Chris Benoit was found to have Xanax , hydrocodone , and an elevated level of testosterone , caused by a synthetic form of testosterone , in his system .
Tests were conducted on Benoit 's brain by Julian Bailes , the head of neurosurgery at West Virginia University , and results showed that `` Benoit 's brain was so severely damaged it resembled the brain of an 85-year-old Alzheimer 's patient . ''
He is best known for wrestling in World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
However , once the details of the events became apparent , WWE quickly and quietly began distancing itself from the wrestler by removing merchandise and no longer mentioning him .
On June 25 , 2007 , Benoit , his wife Nancy , and their 7-year-old son Daniel were found dead in their Fayetteville , Georgia , home at around 2:30 p.m. EDT .
Booker won but he would end up losing the title to Finlay .
to ECW as part of the 2007 WWE Draft .
After the double-murder suicide , former wrestler Chris Nowinski contacted Michael Benoit , father of Chris Benoit , suggesting that years of trauma to his son 's brain may have led to his actions .
The chief medical examiner attributed the testosterone level to Benoit possibly being treated for a deficiency caused by previous steroid abuse .
Nitro won the match and became ECW Champion .
In 1998 , he had a feud with Booker T. They fought in a `` Best-of-seven-series '' for the WCW World Television Championship .
WWE canceled the scheduled three hour long live Raw show on June 25 , and replaced the broadcast version with a tribute to his life and career , featuring his past matches , segments from the Hard Knocks : The Chris Benoit Story DVD , and comments from wrestlers and announcers .
It was also shown to have an advanced form of dementia and was similar to the brains of four retired NFL players who have suffered multiple concussions , sank into depression and harmed themselves or others .
At the end of this event , Benoit celebrated in the ring with the WWE Champion Eddie Guerrero .
Benoit 's father suggests that brain damage may have been the leading cause of his crime .
In 1994 he began working for ECW .
Lieutenant Tommy Pope of the Fayette County , Georgia Sheriff 's Department reported to ABC News that police entered Benoit 's home on a Welfare Check after several missed appointments , leading to concerns .
Benoit won his first ECW match teaming up with CM Punk and defeating Elijah Burke and Marcus Cor Von .
Toxicology reports released on July 17 , 2007 revealed that at their time of death , Nancy Benoit had three different drugs in her system : Xanax , hydrocodone , and hydromorphone , all of which were found at the therapeutic rather than toxic levels .
There was no indication that anything in Chris ' body contributed to his violent behavior that led to the murder-suicide , concluding that there was no `` roid-rage '' involved .
On June 19 , 2007 , Benoit wrestled his last match . He beat Elijah Burke in a match to decide who would face CM Punk for the ECW World Championship at Vengeance .
Benoit did not appear at the house shows during the weekend of June 23rd . He told WWE officials that his wife and son were sick due to food poisoning .
Daniel Benoit was found to have Xanax in his system , which led the chief medical examiner , Kris Sperry to believe that he was sedated before he was murdered .
As Wild Pegasus he won the Super Juniors tournament in 1993 and 1995 .
On the June 11 episode of RAW , Benoit was drafted from SmackDown !
Christopher Michael Benoit -LRB- May 21 , 1967 - June 25 , 2007 -RRB- was a Canadian professional wrestler .
In 1990 , he won his first major championship , the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship , from Jushin Liger .
As a group , the International Committee of the Red Cross -LRB- ICRC -RRB- has received the Nobel Peace Prize three times : in 1917 , 1944 , and 1963 .
It was started in 1969 by Sveriges Riksbank , the Bank of Sweden .
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- has won the Peace Prize twice : in 1954 and 1981 .
Since this prize was not in Nobel 's will , and is not paid for by his money , it is not a Nobel Prize .
Since this prize was not in Nobel 's will , and is not paid for by his money , it is not a Nobel Prize . However , it is awarded together with the other Nobel prizes .
The Bank of Sweden Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel , sometimes called the Nobel Prize in Economics , was not a part of Nobel 's will .
The word Satyagraha is from the Sanskrit words satya -LRB- meaning `` truth '' -RRB- and Agraha -LRB- `` insistence '' , or `` holding firmly to '' -RRB- .
Gandhi used satyagraha in the Indian independence movement and also during his earlier struggle in South Africa .
Satyagraha helped shape Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other similar movements .
Someone who does satyagraha is a satyagrahi .
For Gandhi , Satyagraha went far beyond just `` passive resistance '' -LRB- resisting without taking action -RRB- .
Satyagraha helped shape Nelson Mandela 's struggle in South Africa under apartheid , Martin Luther King , Jr. 's campaigns during the civil rights movement in the United States , and many other similar movements . Someone who does satyagraha is a satyagrahi .
Satyagraha -LRB- satyÄ graha -RRB- is the idea of nonviolent resistance -LRB- fighting with peace -RRB- started by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi -LRB- also known as `` Mahatma '' Gandhi -RRB- .
Aleknagik is a city in Alaska .
Aleknagik is a city in Alaska . About 220 people live in Aleknagik .
Saint-Trinit is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Toshiya Miura -LRB- born 16 July 1963 -RRB- is a Japanese football manager .
He was a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist Grey Wolves organization .
He was released on January 18 , 2010 .
Mehmet Ali AÄ ca -LRB- born January 9 , 1958 -RRB- is a Turkish assassin . He is known for shooting and wounding Pope John Paul II on May 13 , 1981 .
is a radio and TV program that has is entirely paid for through donations from listeners , viewers , and foundations and does not accept advertisers , corporate underwriting , or government funding .
Zinc fluoride is made by reacting zinc chloride with a fluoride .
Ransome was born in Leeds . His father was Professor of History there .
Ransom 's most well known book series , Swallows and Amazons , tells the stories of school-holiday adventures of children . The stories are mostly set in the Lake District and the Norfolk Broads .
Ransome got his formal education first in Windermere . He then studied at the Rugby School -LRB- where he lived in Lewis Carroll 's study room -RRB- .
The books are so popular that they give a basis of a tourist industry around Windermere and Coniston Water â '' the two lakes that Ransome used as the basis for his fictional North Country lake .
His father 's death in 1897 affected Ransome for a long time .
He took low-paying jobs as an office assistant in a publishing company . He also worked as editor of a magazine , Temple Bar Magazine , that was not making much money .
Many of the books involve sailing . Other common things are fishing and camping .
Arthur Mitchell Ransome -LRB- born 18 January 1884 -RRB- -RRB- in Leeds - died 3 June 1967 -RRB- was an English writer and journalist . He is best known for writing the Swallows and Amazons series of children 's books .
He attended Yorkshire College , his father 's college studying chemistry .
He went to London to become a writer .
Prior to the success of HammerFall , he also played in the death metal bands Ceremonial Oath and Crystal Age .
Oscar Fredrick Dronjak -LRB- born January 20 1972 -RRB- is the rhythm guitarist of the power metal band HammerFall .
It will be released during 2009 .
Before I Self Destruct is 50 Cent 's fourth album . It will be released during 2009 .
Before I Self Destruct is 50 Cent 's fourth album .
Joe Hart is an English footballer . He was born on April 19 , 1987 .
Hucqueliers is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The Caryophyllaceae , commonly called the pink family or carnation family , is a family of flowering plants .
The species are dicotyledons included in the order Caryophyllales .
It is a large family , with 88 genera and some 2,000 species .
The Turkic languages are a language family of some thirty languages . They are spoken by Turkic peoples across an area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China .
Turkic languages are spoken by some 180 million people as a native language ; and the total number of Turkic speakers is about 200 million , including speakers as a second language .
The Turkic language with the greatest number of speakers is Turkish proper , or Anatolian Turkish . The speakers of this language are about 40 % of all Turkic speakers .
It is found in Cameroon and Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Christy 's Dormouse -LRB- Graphiurus christyi -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
Hadrosaurus -LRB- Hadrosaurus foulkii -RRB- was a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous period . Is the only species in its genus and is the official state dinosaur of New Jersey .
It is strange that Hitler went to performances in Bayreuth that included Jewish and foreign singers , long after they had been banned from performing in all other places in Germany .
After Wagner 's death , his widow Cosima continued to run the festival .
Winifred 's influence with Hitler was so strong that Hitler even wrote a letter to the anti-fascist Italian conductor Arturo Toscanini , begging him to lead the festival .
A lot of important people were there , including Kaiser Wilhelm , Dom Pedro II of Brazil , King Ludwig -LRB- who came in secret , perhaps because he did not want to meet the Kaiser -RRB- , and other members of the nobility , as well as the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche , and the composers Anton Bruckner , Edvard Grieg , Pyotr Tchaikovsky , and Franz Liszt .
After the war , Winifred Wagner was sentenced to probation by a war court because she had supported the Nazi party .
In the 1920s , some years before the rise of the Nazi party , Winifred Wagner became a close friend of Adolf Hitler .
After Cosima retired from running the festival in 1906 , Wagner 's son Siegfried took over management of the festival . He did some things differently , introducing new staging and performance styles .
The Bayreuth Festival is a music festival held every year in Bayreuth , Germany , at which performances of operas by the 19th century German composer Richard Wagner are performed .
A lot of Bayreuth was destroyed by bombing in the last days of World War II , though the theater itself was undamaged .
During the war , the Nazi party ran the festival . Operas were performed for soldiers who had been hurt in the fighting .
Toscanini refused .
These soldiers were forced to go to lectures on Wagner before the performances , even if they were not interested in music .
She gradually introduced the other operas Wagner had written , so that all ten operas were in the repertoire .
Wagner 's works were used by the Nazi as propaganda tools .
The opening took place on August 13 , 1876 , with a performance of Das Rheingold .
A supreme court is generally the highest court in a country .
Since 1990 , household income has fallen slightly , but this does not take into account the decrease in average household size .
Thus , while married couple households with children are the most economically prosperous type of household in the United States , their share of the population has been dwindeling in the United States .
Unlike the median household income which divides all households in two halves , the mean income is the average income earned by American households .
While median household income has tendency to increase up to four persons per household , it declines thereon after .
Overall households headed by Hispanics and African Americans or Blacks were underrepresented in the top two quintiles and overrepresented in the bottom two quintiles .
The median income per member of household for this particular group was $ 27,924 .
According to the US Census Bureau , the median is `` considerably lower than the average , and provides a more accurate representation . ''
In 2004 the median household income in the United States was $ 43,389 .
The highest income households are almost ten times as likely to own their homes rather than rent , but in the lowest quintile , the ratio of owners to renters is nearly one to one .
The median income divides households in the US evenly in the middle with half of all household earning more than the median income and half of all households earning less than the median household income .
The median household income rose by 30 % while the income for the 20th percentile -LRB- the lower threshold for the second lowest quitile -RRB- rose by only 28 % from $ 14,002 to $ 17,984 .
In the case of mean income , the income of all households is divided by the number of all households .
Those with doctorates had the second highest median household with a median of $ 96,830 ; $ 18,289 more higher than that for those at the Master 's degree level , but $ 3,170 lower than the median for households with a professionals degree holding householder .
Cross-referencing shows that this is likely due to the presence of multiple income earners in these families .
Married couples are disproportionately represented in the upper two quintiles , compared to the general population of households .
These figures support the general assumption that median household income as well as the median income per member of household peaked among those households headed by middle aged persons , increasing with the age of the householder and the size of the household until the householder reaches the age of 64 .
Household type is strongly correlated with household income .
Household income as well as per capita income in the United States rise significantly as the educational attainment increases .
Considering other racial and geographical inequities in regards to household income , it should come as no surprise that the median household income varies with race , size of household and geography .
Overall , the median household income rose from $ 33,338 in 1967 to an all-time high of $ 44,922 in 1999 , and has since decreased slightly to $ 43,318 .
In 1972 , disposable personal income was determined to be $ 4,129 ; $ 19,385 in 2005 dollars .
Between 1999 and 2004 household income stagnated showing a slight increase since 2004 .
Households headed by single males are disproportionately found in the middle three quintles ; single females head households concentrated in the bottom three quintiles .
The southern states had the by far lowest median household income with nine out of the country 's fifteen poorest states being located in the South .
The residents of the household do not have to be related to the householder for their earnings to be considered part of the household 's income .
While educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women , it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes , greatly enabling many households with -LRB- a -RRB- graduate degree householder -LRB- s -RRB- to enter the top household income quintile .
In 1990 , the median household income was determined to be $ 30,056 ; $ 44,603 in 2003 dollars .
In 1969 , more than 40 % of all households consisted of a married couple with children .
Households in the mid quintile , with a mean of one income earner per household had incomes between $ 36,000 and 57,657 .
While California 's median income was not near enough to afford the average California home or even a starter home , West Virginia , which had the nation 's lowest median household income also had the nation 's lowest median home price .
According to the US Census Bureau 2004 Community Survey , two-person households had a median income of $ 39,755 , with $ 48,957 for three-person households , $ 54,338 for four-person households , $ 50,905 for five-person households , $ 45,435 for six-person households , with seven-or-more-person households having the second lowest median income of only $ 42,471 . .
Yet , it is important to note that income in the period between 1967 and 1999 grew faster among wealthier households than it did among poorer households .
Year-round full-time workers with a Professional degree had an average income of $ 109,600 while those with a Master 's degree had an average income of $ 62,300 .
California which had the highest median home price in the nation . where home prices have far outpaced incomes only ranked number thirteen with a median household income of $ 49,894 .
It has assigned the quintiles from lowest to highest as lower class , lower middle class , middle class , upper middle class , and upper class .
Another common measurement of personal income is the mean household income . Unlike the median household income which divides all households in two halves , the mean income is the average income earned by American households .
Higher educational attainment did not , however , help close the income gap between the genders as the life-time earnings for a male with a professionals degree were roughly forty percent -LRB- 39.59 % -RRB- higher than those of a female with a professionals degree .
Please note that all figures are presented in 2003 dollars .
Households are often divided into quintiles according to their gross income .
With retirement income replacing salaries and the size of the household declining , the median household income decreases as well .
In 2005 graduates with a Master 's in Business Administration -LRB- MBA -RRB- who accepted job offers are expected to earn a base salary of $ 88,626 .
The New York Times has used the quintiles to define class .
The change in median personal and household since 1991 also varied greatly with educational attainment .
Overall '' â -LRB- a -RRB- verage earnings ranged from $ 18,900 for high school dropouts to $ 25,900 for high school graduates , $ 45,400 for college graduates and $ 99,300 for workers with professional degrees -LRB- M.D. , D.O. , J.D. , D.D.S. , or D.V.M. -RRB- .
Not surprisingly the lowest income group was mainly comprised of those households headed by individuals younger than 24 , followed by those headed by persons over the age of 75 .
Decreases in household income are visible during each recession , while increases are visible during economic upturns .
Overall the United States followed the trend of other developed nations with a relatively large population of relatively rich households outnumbering the poor .
The following table shows the median household income according to the educational attainment of the householder .
Households headed by persons who identified as being Asian alone , on the other hand , were overrepresented among the top two quintiles .
As a result the mean tends to be higher as the median income with the top earning households boosting it .
Considering how education significantly enhances the earnings potential of individuals , it should come as no surprise that individuals with graduate degrees have an average per capita income exceeding the median household income of married couple families among the general population -LRB- $ 63,813 -RRB- .
The highest median income per member of household was among those between the ages of 54 and 64 with $ 30,544 .
Despite great advances made to lift minorities out of poverty and many African Americans and Latino Americans joining the middle class , there is still an uneven racial distribution among the income quintiles .
The state with the highest median household income in the United States was New Hampshire with $ 57,352 , followed by New Jersey , Maryland and Connecticut , making the Northeastern United States the wealthiest area by income in the entire country .
Even though personal income has risen substantially and 42 % of all household now have two income earners , the median household income has increased only slightly .
Households headed by persons between the ages of 45 and 54 had a median household income of $ 61,111 and a mean household income of $ 77,634 .
The 2005 economic survey also found that households in the top two income quintiles , those with an annual household income exceeding $ 55,331 , had a median of two income earners while those in the lower quintiles -LRB- 2nd and middle quintile -RRB- had median of only one income earner per household .
Household income also increased significantly with the educational attainment of the householder .
Household income in the United States varies substantially with the age of the person who heads the household .
Among those in-between the relative extremes of the income strata a large and quite powerful section of households with moderately high middle class incomes and an even larger number of households with moderately low incomes .
As a result of these changing household demographics , median household income rose only slighly despite an ever increasing female labor force and a considerable increase in the percentage of college graduates .
All data is in 2003 dollars and only applies to householders whose householder is aged twenty-five or older .
While the median household income has increased 44 % since 1990 it has decreased very slightly when considering inflation .
The highest median household income was found among households headed by working baby-boomers .
The median income divides households in the US evenly in the middle with half of all household earning more than the median income and half of all households earning less than the median household income . In 2004 the median household income in the United States was $ 43,389 .
In 2005 , disposable personal income was , however , $ 27,640 , showing a moderate 43 % increase .
The median income per household member -LRB- including all working and non-working members above the age of 14 -RRB- in the year 2003 was $ 23,535 .
Non-family households -LRB- individuals -RRB- are disproportionately represented in the lower two quintiles .
Only 4.75 % of all household in the top 5 % were headed by someone who identified him or herself as being Hispanic or Latino of any race , versus 12.5 % of persons identifying themselves as Hispanic or Latino in the general population .
They are also expected to receive '' â -LRB- a -RRB- n average signing bonus of $ 17,428 . ''
Another common measurement of personal income is the mean household income .
The life-time earnings gap between males and females was the smallest for those individuals holding an Associate degrees with male life-time earnings being 27.77 % higher than those of females .
While personal income has remained relatively stagnant since over the past few decades , household income has risen due to the rising percentage of households with two or more income earners .
The US Census Bureau publishes educational attainment and income data for all households with a householder who was aged twenty-five or older .
17.23 % of all households had annual incomes exceeding $ 100,000 , while another 12.7 % fell below the federal poverty threshold while the bottom 20 % earned less than $ 19,178 .
According to the US Census Bureau persons with doctorates in the United States had an average income of roughly $ 81,400 .
African American or Black households had the lowest median household income of all races with $ 30,134 .
While the use of household income remains among the most widely accepted as households tend to share a common economic fate , the size of a household which is commonly not considered may off-set gains in household income .
The group with the second highest median household income , were households headed by persons between the ages 35 and 44 with a median income of $ 56,785 , followed by those in the age group between 55 and 64 with $ 50,400 .
This indicated that while four person households have larger incomes than those with one , two or three members , household with seem to earn progressively less as their size increases beyond four persons .
While the aggregate income distribution tends to tilt towards the top with the top 6.37 % earning roughly one third of all income , those with upper-middle incomes also controlled a large , though declining , share of the total earned income .
The biggest income difference was between those with some college education and those who had a Bachelor 's degree , with the latter making $ 23,874 more .
Median household income in the Mid-West declined by 2.8 % to $ 44,657 .
The average for an advanced degree was $ 72,824 with men averaging $ 90,761 and women averaging $ 50,756 annually .
Income also increased substantially with increased post-secondary education .
These fluctuations were felt across the income strata as the incomes of both , the 95th and 20th percentile were affected by flactuations in the economy .
Overall the median household income increased with the age of householder until retirement age when household income started to decline .
While the median household income for a household with a household holding an Associates degree was $ 51,970 , the median household income for those with a Bachelor 's degree or higher was $ 73,446 .
Since 1967 , the median household income in the United States has risen modestly , fluctuating several times .
Overall , median household income tended to be the highest in nation 's most urbanized northeastern , north mid-western and western States , while rural and mostly southern states had the lowest median household income .
Overall the mean household income in the United States according to the US Census Bureau 2004 Economic Survey was $ 60,528 , or $ 17,210 -LRB- 39.73 % -RRB- higher than the median household income .
In terms of region the median household income was as follows : `` Northeast -LRB- $ 47,994 -RRB- , West -LRB- $ 47,680 -RRB- and South -LRB- $ 40,773 -RRB- . ''
By 1996 only a rough quarter of US households consisted of married couples with children .
While White American who were not of Hispanic descent made up roughly 75.1 % of all persons in 2000 , 87.93 % of all households in the top 5 % were headed by a person who identified as being White alone .
Overall 86.01 % of all households in the top two quintiles with upper-middle range incomes of over $ 55,331 were headed by a head of household who identified him or herself as White alone , while only 7.21 % were being headed by someone who identified as being Hispanic and 7.37 % by someone who idenitified as being African American or Black .
The mean income is usually more affected by the relatively unequal distribution of income which tilts towards the top .
In the top five percent the percentage of Asians was nearly twice as high as the percentage of Asians among the general population .
To measure the income of a household , the pre-tax money receipts of all residents over the age of 15 are combined . Most of these receipts are in the form of wages and salaries -LRB- before withholding and other taxes -RRB- , but many other forms of income , such as unemployment insurance , disability , child support , etc. , are included as well .
Overall households headed by persons above the age of seventy-five had a median household income of $ 20,467 with the median household income per member of household being $ 18,645 .
Households in the top quintile , 77 % of which had two income earners , had incomes exceeding $ 91,705 .
In terms of race , Asian-Americans households had the highest median household income of $ 57,518 , European-American households ranked second with $ 48,977 , Hispanic or Latino households ranked third with $ 34,241 .
For example the household income for the 80th precentile , the lower threshold for the top quintile , rose from $ 55,265 in 1967 to $ 86,867 in 2003 , a 57.2 % increase .
Each quintile represents 20 % , or one fifth , of the population .
While per-capita , disposable income has increased 469 % since 1972 it has only increased moderately when considering inflation .
For example , while the proportion of wives working year-round in married couple households with children has increased from 17 % in 1967 to 39 % in 1996 , the proportion of such households among the general population has decreased .
European-Americans were relatively even distributed throughout the quintiles only being underrepresented in the lowest quintile and slightly overrepresented in the top quintile and the top five percent .
The highest and lowest points of the median household income are presented in bold face .
One should note that ht majority of households in the top quintile had two income earners , versus zero for the lowest quintile and that the widening gap between the top and lowest quintile may largely be the reflection of changing household demographics including the addition of women to the workforce .
Sagawa Shiga F.C. is a football club which plays in Japan .
The club formed from a merger of two Sagawa Express corporation football clubs ; Sagawa Express Tokyo S.C. and Sagawa Express Osaka S.C. in 2007 .
Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County , Iowa .
He also wrote about Muscatine in his book Life on the Mississippi .
Sam Clemens , also called Mark Twain , worked at the newspaper the city for a short amount of time .
Muscatine was and still is called the `` Pearl button capital of the world . ''
A person from Germany founded a button company in Muscatine in 1884 . They made buttons from clam shells found in the Mississippi river .
Muscatine began as a trading post in 1833 .
The Class 112 DMUs used the standard Cravens body used for Class 105s but had a single Rolls-Royce engine of 238 hp per car , and they were all formed into ` power twins ' - two car sets with both vehicles powered .
Both types also spent some time working from Cricklewood .
The second batch of 50 cars -LRB- 25 sets -RRB- had hydraulic transmission , and became Class 113s .
The gross weight of a set with all seats occupied was approximately 70 tons , giving 6.8 hp per ton .
There were two batches built , the first 50 vehicles -LRB- 25 sets -RRB- had standard mechanical transmission via a gearbox and were allocated the Class 112 .
The cars were built for services in the LMR Central Division and in the Liverpool - St Helens area , where the gradients in the Lancashire & Yorkshire area required more power .
Empty , it was 8.1 hp\/ton , which compared favourably with 5.7 hp\/ton that the Cravens power\/trailer had .
Masseilles is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Saint-Georges-les-Bains is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The overcharge has a one-to-one relationship to the Lerner Index , the most common measure of market power in economics . Both measures employ the same numerator -LRB- PM - PC -RRB- , where PM is the observed market price and PC is the competitive benchmark price , but use different denominators .
She created the role of Cleopatra in Samuel Barber 's Anthony and Cleopatra for the opening of the new Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center in 1966 .
Decatur City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
A synchronous orbit is an orbit in which an orbiting body -LRB- usually a satellite -RRB- has a period equal to the average rotational period of the body being orbited -LRB- usually a planet -RRB- , and in the same direction of rotation as that body , witch means if you were on the body being orbited you would see the same side of the orbiting body , and means that the body being orbited would be in the same part of the sky from the body being orbited .
AdÃ # o Nunes Dornelles -LRB- 2 April 1923 â `` 30 August 1991 -RRB- was a former Brazilian football player .
Ubuntu has a vastly larger support community than Linux Mint . However , the majority of Ubuntu help and advice is also applicable to Linux Mint .
Ubuntu and Linux Mint both focus on usability , but Linux Mint offers a different user experience , and it includes a number of applications that are not available in Ubuntu -LRB- see aforementioned Mint Tools -RRB- .
Linux Mint is a Linux distribution for desktop computers based on and compatible with Debian .
Recently however , it has been decided that Linux Mint will be with the 6 month Ubuntu release cycle
OsÃ as Reis dos Santos -LRB- born 14 May 1971 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
There are two main types of wheat flour : whole wheat flour and white flour .
Wheat flour is a type of flour made from wheat kernels .
This template was created to allow easy switching to unicode fonts .
wherein class = `` Unicode '' is defined in MediaWiki : Common .
Saint-Magne-de-Castillon is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Toshihide Saito -LRB- born 20 April 1973 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Bill Russell -LRB- born February 12 , 1934 -RRB- is a retired American basketball player . Russell played for the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
A longtime criminal can be declared an outlaw , which means the outlaw can not use the legal system to protect himself if needed .
Trasadingen is a municipality of the canton Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Ralf EdstrÃ m -LRB- born 7 October 1952 -RRB- is a former Swedish football player .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is one of two landlocked countries in the world to be landlocked by a landlocked country .
The population was 23,347 at the 2000 United States Census .
It 's in the Jackson metropolitan area , and it 's the tenth largest city in Mississippi .
Clinton is a city in Hinds County , Mississippi , United States .
Stacy London -LRB- born May 25 , 1969 in New York City , New York -RRB- is an American fashion consultant and media personality . She known best for her role as a co-host on the makeover reality program What Not to Wear .
Morganfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
On the BBC One television channel , Ross presented The Film Programme from 1997 and his own talk show , Friday Night with Jonathan Ross from 2001 .
Jonathan Stephen Ross OBE -LRB- born 17 November 1960 -RRB- is a British television and radio presenter . He has worked a lot on the BBC .
Tools are things used to make tasks easier . Tools have changed over time .
Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre who were also to become members of Les Six .
His music is often influenced by jazz and polytonality -LRB- music in more than one key at once -RRB- .
He studied composition under Charles-Marie Widor and harmony and counterpoint with AndrÃ GÃ dalge .
His autobiography is called Notes Sans Musique -LRB- Notes Without Music -RRB- , later rewritten as Ma Vie Heureuse -LRB- My Happy Life -RRB- .
Darius Milhaud -LRB- pronounced `` DAR-yus MEE-oh '' -RRB- -LRB- born Marseille , 4 September 1892 ; died Geneva 22 June 1974 -RRB- was a French composer .
Milhaud 's most popular works include Le Boeuf sur le Toit -LRB- ballet -RRB- , La crÃ ation du monde -LRB- a ballet for small orchestra with solo saxophone , influenced by jazz -RRB- , Scaramouche -LRB- for Saxophone and Orchestra , also for two pianos -RRB- , and Saudades do Brazil -LRB- dance suite -RRB- .
He also studied privately with Vincent d'Indy .
Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev -LRB- born December 24 , 1961 -RRB- is the President of Azerbaijan .
Leyssard is a commune .
For information about the Wikipedia project , see FAQ .
These FAQ answers reflect the decisions found in the talk page archives .
The FAQ addresses these common concerns , criticisms , and arguments , and answers various misconceptions behind them .
Providing similar answers each time a topic is brought up uses up many editors ' time and energy .
Please feel free to change them in light of new discussion . -RCB- -RCB-
It provides responses for certain topics repeatedly brought up on the talk page .
Chervey is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Nepomucenum and St.-Pius-Gymnasium are highschools in Coesfeld .
Coesfeld is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany and the capital of the Coesfeld county .
It is one of the few Native American languages which has over one million speakers .
The Aymara language is spoken by the Aymara tribe in Bolivia , Peru , and north of Chile .
There are six provinces in Vanuatu .
It is told mostly from the point of view of Bean , a mostly minor character in the first novel Ender 's Game .
It is also the sixth book in the Ender 's Game series .
Shadow of the Hegemon -LRB- 2001 -RRB- is the second book in the Ender 's Shadow series -LRB- also called the Bean Quartet -RRB- by Orson Scott Card .
Daisuke Yoneyama -LRB- born 10 June 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Yoshio Kitajima -LRB- born 29 October 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Johan Vonlanthen -LRB- born 1 February 1986 -RRB- is a Swiss football player .
Melissa Etheridge was born in Leavenworth , Kansas on May 29 , 1961 .
The famous river Padma borders Rajshahi division on the south and another famous river , Jamuna , lies across the eastern border .
In the north and west , Rajshahi division shares a border with India .
The divisional city Rajshahi is only four hours road journey away from Dhaka , the capital city .
It has an excellent rail and roads .
Rajshahi Division is one of the six administrative divisions of Bangladesh .
Rajshahi division consists of 16 districts , 128 Upazilas and 1,092 Unions -LRB- the lowest administrative tier -RRB- .
It has a population of almost 30 million and area of about 34,513 km2 .
Rajshahi division is in the north western corner of Bangladesh .
A new school building was opened on 2 November 2006 .
Bydales School is a secondary school in Marske-by-the-Sea , England which has about 750 students .
Yuri Vladimirovich Andropov -LRB- 1914-1984 -RRB- was a Soviet politician and General Secretary of the CPSU from November 12 , 1982 until his death fifteen months later .
And the eternal Guru is the Sri Guru Granth Sahib , which is a not just a book but contains the writings of each Guru .
Each guru added to and reinforced the message taught by the previous , and this resulted in the creation of the Sikh religion .
The term guru comes from the Sanskrit gurÅ `` , which means teacher , guide , or mentor .
The traditions and philosophy of Sikhism were established by ten specific gurus from 1469 to 1708 .
This is when Guru Gobind Singh , the tenth guru , started the baptism with Khande di Pahul , and the Sikhs were required to keep the 5 Ks .
Sikhism was started in 1469 by Guru Nanak Dev , the first of the `` Ten Gurus '' .
Menton is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France .
He has played for Iran national team .
Rahman Rezaei -LRB- born 20 February 1975 -RRB- is an Iranian football player .
Singers and musicians who grew up listening to the electric blues of Muddy Waters , Bo Diddley , Jimmy Reed , Elmore James etc and soul singers such as Sam Cooke , Ray Charles and Otis Redding , and gospel music wanted to connect their favorite music .
Soul blues is a style of blues music developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Tourville-sur-Odon is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Saint-Aubin-de-Blaye is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Longues-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Riodinidae is a family of butterflies .
Most metalmarks are small .
Chitral can be accessed by air via the Chitral Airport which is approximately 3 km from the town .
It has one of the highest mountains of the world , Tirich Mir .
Chitral is also home to the Kalash tribe who reside in three remote valleys southwest of Chitral town .
Chitral District is the most northerly district in the North West Frontier Province , to the west and north is Afghanistan - in the north the Wakhan Corridor , a narrow strip claimed by Pakistan , it separates Pakistan from Central Asian Union .
Since many of these languages have no written form , letters are usually written in Urdu or Persian .
The general population is mainly of the Kho people , who speak the Khowar language -LRB- or Chitrali -RRB- , which is also spoken in parts of Yasin , Gilgit and Swat .
The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world .
The terrain of Chitral is quite mountainous , part of the Pamir Mountains are situated here .
Chitral is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan that contains the town of Chitral .
The Lowari Tunnel is being constructed under the Lowari Pass .
In 1970 Chitral was absorbed into Pakistan as the new Chitral District , until 2000 within Malakand Division .
It is the largest district in NWFP covering an area of 14,850 sq . kilometres .
Regular flights from Peshawar and Islamabad are run by the PIA .
These include Kalasha-mun , Palula , Dameli , Gawar-Bati , Nuristani , Yidgha , Burushaski , Gujar , Wakhi , Kyrgyz , Persian and Pashto .
Until 1969 , Chitral was a princely state , within the Malakand Agency .
10,230 ft. -RRB- from Dir and Shandur Top -LRB- el .
Both are closed in winter .
Both routes are closed in winter .
Two other passes give access on foot to Chitral , the Broghol Pass and the Dorah Pass , both from Afghanistan .
To the east of Chitral are the federally controlled Northern Areas of Pakistan-administered Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani internal districts of Upper Dir and Swat .
Chitral is connected to the rest of Pakistan by only two road routes , the Lowari Pass -LRB- el .
Tirich Mir which at 25,289 feet -LRB- 7,708 metres -RRB- is the highest peak of the Hindu Kush , rises in the north of the district .
It has an area of 14,850 kmÂ and a population of 318,689 at the 1998 Census , which had subsequently risen to about 378,000 people by 2004 .
12,200 ft. -RRB- from Gilgit .
It was reported in 2004 that Afghanistan had agreed to allow access from Pakistan to Chitral though Afghan territory and the Kunar Valley , by passing Lowari Pass .
Although Khowar is the predominant language of Chitral , more than ten other languages are spoken here .
A goal in ice hockey provides a team with one point . A goal is scored when a puck completely crosses the goal line within the goal net .
A goal is scored when a puck completely crosses the goal line within the goal net .
In 2005 , the prize was given to the Swiss Federal Railways , rather than a municipality .
The prize is named for Henri-Louis Wakker .
The Wakker Prize -LRB- in German : Wakkerpreis , in French Prix Wakker -RRB- is given every year by the Swiss Heritage Society to a municipality of Switzerland for the making and saving of its historical buildings .
The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 animated movie based on the television program The Simpsons .
The movie stars the main television cast of Dan Castellaneta , Julie Kavner , Nancy Cartwright , Yeardley Smith , Hank Azaria and Harry Shearer
Boise is the capital city of the U.S. state of Idaho .
The Class 59 Co-Co diesel locomotives were built and introduced between 1985 and 1995 by General Motors Electro-Motive Diesel -LRB- EMD -RRB- for private British companies , initially Foster Yeoman .
They were designed for hauling heavy freight and designated JT26CW-SS .
Aubignas is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
Roberto EmÃ lio da Cunha -LRB- born 19 March , 1913 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
After the Baroque period composers did not often write toccatas .
The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 is the name for a series of protests that occurred in April and June of that year . China refers to them as the June Fourth Incident , most of the world calls it the Tiananmen Square massacre .
-LRB- These exceptions are ignored by some Asian computer systems that systematically display quotation marks with the included spacing , as this spacing is part of the fixed-width characters . -RRB-
Single or double quotation marks show the text as meaning either speech or a quotation .
Dawkinsâ s concept of a meme could be described as an â evolving ideaâ .
Regardless of its placement , only one end mark -LRB- ?
The two may , however , in these cases , be to some degree interchangeable .
Nesting levels up to five can be found in the Bible .
When available , however , the prime should be used instead -LRB- e. g. , 5 â 6 â , and 40 Â 20 â 50 â -RRB- .
When a quotation is followed by other writing on a line of text , a space follows the closing quotation mark unless it is immediately followed by other punctuation within the sentence , such as a colon or closing punctuation .
The important rule is that the style of opening and closing quotation marks must be matched :
â HAL said , `` Good morning , Dave , '' â â recalled Frank .
When quoted text is interrupted , such as with the phrase he said , a closing quotation mark is used before the interruption , and an opening quotation mark after .
While these two styles are most commonly referred to as â Americanâ and â Britishâ -LRB- and some style sheets provide no other name -RRB- , some American writers and organizations use the â Britishâ style and vice versa .
As noted below , in some older texts , the quotation mark is repeated every line , rather than every paragraph .
â HAL , â noted Frank , â said that everything was going extremely well .
Quotation marks can also offset a nickname embedded in an actual name , or a false or ironic title embedded in an actual title ; for example , Nat `` King '' Cole , Miles `` Tails '' Prower , or John â Hannibalâ Smith .
In these cases , questions arise about the form -LRB- and names -RRB- of the quotation marks to be used .
Quotation marks were first cut in metal type during the middle of the sixteenth century , and were used copiously by some printers by the seventeenth .
In some languages , if it is desired to include the same quotation marks used to delimit a string inside the string , the quotation marks are doubled .
Quotation marks are used for multiple-paragraph quotations in some cases , especially in narratives .
It is incorrect to use quotation marks for paraphrased speech .
The logic , for this form , derives from the need to distinguish use forms , coupled with the mandate to retain consistent notation for like use forms .
Other languages use an escape character , often the backslash , as in ` eat ` hot ' dogs ' .
These three characters have quite different purposes , however .
In Early Modern English , quotation marks were used only to denote pithy comments .
In the first centuries of typesetting , quotations were distinguished merely by indicating the speaker , and this can still be seen in some editions of the Bible .
The other standard style -- called British style or logical punctuation -- is to include within quotation marks only those punctuation marks that appeared in the quoted material , but otherwise to place punctuation outside the closing quotation marks .
Quotation marks or inverted commas -LRB- informally known as quotes and speech marks -RRB- are punctuation marks used in pairs to set off speech , a quotation , a phrase , or a word .
This usage can be confused with ironic or altered-usage quotation , sometimes with unintended humor .
For instance , 5 feet and 6 inches is often written 5 ' 6 '' , and 40 degrees , 20 arcminutes , and 50 arcseconds is written 40 Â 20 ' 50 '' .
Neither style -- single or double -- is an absolute rule , though double quotation marks are preferred in the United States , and both single and double quotation marks are used often in the United Kingdom .
Yes , he did say , â He said , â Good morning .
Both systems have the same rules regarding question marks , exclamation points , colons and semicolons .
One can skirt these limitations , however , by using the HTML character codes or entities .
In the first two sentences above , only one punctuation mark is used at the end of each .
`` Cheese '' is derived from a word in Old English .
The French word canif â pocketknifeâ is borrowed from Old English cnif â knifeâ .
For example to represent the string eat ` hot ' dogs in Pascal one uses ` eat hot dogs ' .
Generally , this â smart quoteâ feature is enabled by default .
In the U.S. , the standard style is called American style , typesettersâ rules , printersâ rules , typographical usage , or traditional punctuation , whereby commas and periods are almost always placed inside closing quotation marks .
In fiction , both styles are the same .
Straight single and double quotation marks are used in most programming languages to delimit strings or literal characters .
Long quotations were also set this way , at full size and full measure .
Depending on the typeface , the opening and closing quotation marks may be identical in form -LRB- called `` vertical '' or `` straight '' or `` typewriter '' quotation marks -RRB- , or they may be distinctly left-handed and right-handed -LRB- `` typographic '' or , colloquially , `` curly '' quotation marks -RRB- .
According to the Cambridge Handbook for Editors , Copy-editors and Proofreaders , periods and commas that are part of the personâ s speech are permitted inside the quotation marks regardless .
When a double quotation mark or a single quotation mark immediately follows the other , proper spacing for legibility requires that a non-breaking space be inserted .
Cheese is derived from milk .
They are sometimes gestured in oral speech using air quotes .
Prime and double prime are not present in most character sets , including ASCII and Latin-1 , but are present in Unicode , as characters U +2032 -LRB- dec. 8242 -RRB- and U +2033 -LRB- dec. 8243 -RRB- , and as HTML entities & prime ; and & Prime ; .
`` HAL said , â Good morning , Dave , â â '' recalled Frank .
As a rule , a whole publication would be italicised , whereas the titles of minor works -LRB- such as poems or short stories inside the collection -RRB- would be written with quotation marks .
When this practice was abandoned , the empty margin remained , leaving the modern form of indented block quotation .
Incorrect : HAL said that â Everything was going extremely well .
So Dave actually said , â He said , â Good morningâ â ?
Quotation marks , rather than italics , are generally used for the titles of shorter works .
There is generally no space between an opening quotation mark and the following word , or a closing quotation mark and the preceding word .
The convention in English is to put an opening quotation mark at the first and each subsequent paragraph , but use a closing quotation mark only for the final paragraph of the quotation , as in the following example from the book Pride and Prejudice :
And again , Cashiersâ desks open until noon for your â convenienceâ might mean that the convenience was for the bank employees , not the customers .
In non-fiction , British publishers may permit placing punctuation that is not part of the personâ s speech inside the quotation marks but prefer that it be placed outside .
This is known as the `` smart quotes '' feature .
If such a passage is further quoted in another publication , then all of their forms have to be shifted over by one level .
During the Renaissance , quotations were distinguished by setting in a typeface contrasting with the main body text -LRB- often Italic type with roman , or the other way round -RRB- .
To avoid the potential for confusion between ironic quotes and direct quotations , some style guides specify single quotation marks for this usage , and double quotation marks for verbatim speech .
In some Baroque and Romantic-period books , they would be repeated at the beginning of every line of a long quotation .
The lunch lady plopped a glob of `` food '' onto my tray .
The switching between double and single quotes in nested citation quotes reveals the same literary device for reducing ambiguity .
However , most computer text-editing programs provide a â smart quotesâ feature -LRB- see below -RRB- to automatically convert â straightâ quote marks into typographic punctuation .
Some implementations incorrectly produce an opening single quotation mark in places where an apostrophe is required , for example , in abbreviated years like â 08 for 2008 .
The most common way is to simply alternate between the two forms , thus :
In English , when a quotation follows other writing on a line of text , a space precedes the opening quotation mark unless the preceding symbol , such as a dash , requires that there be no space .
When discussing â useâ , use `` use '' .
To make typographic quotation marks easier to enter , publishing software often automatically converts typewriter quotation marks -LRB- and apostrophes -RRB- to typographic form during text entry -LRB- with or without the user being aware of it -RRB- .
However , another convention when quoting text in the body of a paragraph or sentenceâ '' for example , in an essayâ '' is to recognize double quotation marks as marking an exact quotation , and single quotation marks as marking a paraphrased quotation or a quotation where grammar , pronouns , or plurality have been changed in order to fit the sentence containing the quotation -LRB- see reported speech -RRB- .
Commas are also often used before and after the interruption , more often for quotations of speech than for quotations of text :
This style of punctuation is common in the U.S. , Canada , and in the U.K. in fiction and journalism .
By 1749 single quotation marks , or inverted commas , were commonly used to denote direct speech .
Quotes indicating irony , or other special use , are sometimes called scare , sneer , shock , distance , or horror quotes .
They first began to quote direct speech in 1714 .
They differ on the treatment of periods and commas .
Whether these are single or double is again a matter of style ; however , many styles , especially for poetry , prefer the use of single quotation marks .
Some websites do not allow typographic quotation marks or apostrophes in posts -LRB- one such example being YouTube -RRB- .
Quotation marks are also used to indicate that the writer realizes that a word is not being used in its current commonly accepted sense .
`` Good morning , Frank , '' said HAL .
With regard to quotation marks adjacent to periods and commas , there are two styles of punctuation in widespread use .
In all major forms of English , question marks and exclamation marks are placed inside or outside quoted material depending on whether they apply to the whole sentence or just the quoted portion , but colons and semicolons are always placed outside .
Quotation marks that are not automatically altered by computer programs are known as `` dumb quotes '' .
Crystals somehow `` know '' which shape to grow into .
He shared his `` wisdom '' with me .
For example , For sale : `` fresh '' fish , `` fresh '' oysters , could be construed to imply that fresh is not used with its everyday meaning , or indeed to indicate that the fish or oysters are anything but fresh .
â Like any such device , scare quotes lose their force and irritate readers if overused .
In some languages -LRB- e. g. Pascal -RRB- only one type is allowed , in some -LRB- e. g. C and its derivatives -RRB- both are used with different meanings and in others -LRB- e. g. Python -RRB- both are used interchangeably .
Quotation marks or inverted commas -LRB- informally known as quotes and speech marks -RRB- are punctuation marks used in pairs to set off speech , a quotation , a phrase , or a word . They are used in groups of 2 , as a pair of opening and closing marks in either of two forms : or .
Cheese has calcium , protein , and phosphorus .
Only the period , however , can not end a quoted sentence when it does not also end the enclosing sentence , except for literal text :
Straight quotation marks -LRB- or italicized straight quotation marks -RRB- are often used to approximate the prime and double prime , e. g. , when signifying feet and inches , arcminutes and arcseconds or minutes and seconds , where the quotation mark symbolises the latter part of the pair .
can end a sentence in American English .
This is because a paraphrase is not a direct quote , and in the course of any composition , it is important to document when one is using a quotation versus when one is using a paraphrased idea .
The closing single quotation mark is identical or similar in form to the apostrophe , and similar to the prime symbol .
Quotes are sometimes used incorrectly for emphasis in lieu of underlining or italics , most commonly on signs or placards .
Standard English computer keyboard layouts inherited the single and double â straightâ quotation marks from the typewriter -LRB- the single quotation mark also doubling as an apostrophe -RRB- , and they do not include individual keys for left-handed and right-handed typographic quotation marks .
The Chicago Manual of Style -LRB- CMS -RRB- , 15th edition acknowledges this type of use but cautions against overuse in section 7.58 , â Quotation marks are often used to alert readers that a term is used in a nonstandard , ironic , or other special sense -LRB- â -RRB- They imply â This is not my term , â or â This is not how the term is usually applied .
â Correct : HAL said that everything was going extremely well .
In most cases , quotations which span multiple paragraphs should be set as block quotations , and thus do not require quotation marks .
â Good morning , Frank , â said HAL .
References : Chicago Manual of Style , 15th edition ; Hart 's Rules for Compositors and Readers at the University Press , Oxford ; Merriam-Webster 's Guide to Punctuation and Style , second edition .
When dealing with direct speech , American rules place periods and commas inside the quotation marks all the time , but the alternative usage varies .
The Spanish convention uses closing quotation marks at the beginning of all subsequent paragraphs beyond the first .
Using either quotation marks or italics can emphasize that an instance of a word refers to the word itself , rather than its associated concept .
Sometimes , quotations are nested in more levels than inner and outer quotation .
Kim Dong-Jin -LRB- born 29 January 1982 -RRB- is a South Korean football player . He plays for FC Seoul and Korea Republic national team .
Seaca de PÄ dure is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Saint-Pierre-d ` Aurillac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The fact that living things inherit traits from their parents has been known since prehistoric times , and used to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding .
Although he did not know the physical basis for heredity , Mendel observed that organisms inherit traits via discrete units of inheritance , which are now called genes .
Genetics is a discipline of biology . It is the science of heredity and variation of traits -LRB- characteristics -RRB- in living organisms , and the study of genes .
However , the modern science of genetics , which seeks to understand the process of inheritance , only began with the work of Gregor Mendel in the mid-nineteenth century .
Geneticists can also use pedigree charts to predict how traits will be passed to future children in a family .
They distributed pamphlets denouncing Adolf Hitler 's regime from June 1942 until February 1943 .
The core of the White Rose comprised five students : Sophie Scholl , her brother Hans Scholl , Alex Schmorell , Willi Graf , and Christoph Probst .
Ferman AkgÃ 1\/4 l -LRB- born 25 December 1979 ; Ankara -RRB- is a Turkish songwriter and the singer of the rock band maNga .
He writes both lyrics and music .
Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground . Other types of lava , like pahoehoe , aa , and pillow lava , are thinner and flow faster .
Pillow lava is made when lava erupts underwater .
Other types of lava , like pahoehoe , aa , and pillow lava , are thinner and flow faster .
Pillow lava has a round shape because the lava cools very quickly when it touches water .
Albertshofen or `` HÃ pper '' is a village in the Kitzingen district of Lower Franconia , Bavaria .
Antoine Dominique `` Fats '' Domino -LRB- born on February 26 , 1928 , in New Orleans , Louisiana -RRB- is an American R&B and rock and roll pianist and singer-songwriter .
GoiÃ cents nia is a Brazilian city , capital of the state of GoiÃ s. It has about 1.2 million inhabitants and an area of 739 kmÂ .
Saint-Julien-le-Faucon is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Japan Soccer League is a former football league in Japan .
The Singapore Tourism Board has spent close to S$ 300 million and took about 15 years to develop the southern islands of Singapore .
It is a parody of `` It 's All about the Benjamins -LRB- Rock Remix -RRB- '' by Sean `` Puff Daddy '' Combs .
In the midst of these negotiations , the emperor agreed to keep half of Prussia intact .
Napoleon himself occupied Berlin , and the king , queen and the rest of the royal family had to flee , despite Louise 's illness , in the dead of winter to KÃ nigsberg in the easternmost part of the kingdom .
Napoleon remarked the king `` has lost his best minister . ''
Louise 's death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty , as the Napoleonic Wars and need for reform continued .
On 19 July 1810 , the Queen died in her husband 's arms from an unidentified illness .
The queen 's subjects attributed the French occupation as the cause of her early death .
She tried to use her beauty and charm to flatter him into more favorable terms .
The king and queen had accompanied their troops into battle at Jena -LRB- with Louise apparently dressed `` like an Amazon '' -RRB- , but had to flee from French troops .
On the journey there , there was no food or clean water , and the king and queen were forced to share the same sleeping arrangements in `` one of the wretched barns they call houses '' , according to one witness traveling with them .
Duchess Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz -LRB- German : Luise Auguste Wilhelmine Amalie Herzogin zu Mecklenburg ; 10 March 1776 -- 19 July 1810 -RRB- was Queen consort of Prussia as the wife of King Frederick William III .
Though Prussia had not fought in a war since 1795 , its military leaders were confident that they could win against Napoleon 's troops .
Prussian troops began mobilizing , culminating in the October 1806 Battle of Jena-Auerstedt , which was a disaster for Prussia , as the ability of its armed forces to continue the war were effectively wiped out .
After a small incident concerning an anti-French pamphlet occurred , King Frederick William was finally pressured by his wife and family to break off his uneasy peace and enter the war against the French emperor .
Before she had called him `` the Monster '' , but now she made a request for a private interview with the emperor . She threw herself at his feet ; Napoleon was impressed by her grace and determination , but he refused to make any concessions .
Queen Louise 's efforts to protect her adopted country from French aggression became well admired by future generations .
Napoleon demanded , from a highly superior position , peace terms in what was to be called the Peace of Tilsit -LRB- 1807 -RRB- .
Louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at Tilsit , but only to save `` her Prussia . ''
Carlile 's music has been categorized in several genres , including pop , rock , country , indie and folk .
Brandi Carlile -LRB- b. June 1 , 1981 -RRB- is an American singer and songwriter .
Although a similar recipe was published in 1818 , BÃ arnaise sauce was likely first created by the chef Collinet , the inventor of puffed potatoes , and served at the 1836 opening of Le Pavillon Henri IV , a restaurant at Saint-Germain-en-Laye , not far from Paris .
Like Hollandaise sauce , there are several methods for the preparation of BÃ arnaise sauce .
Alternatively , the flavourings may be added to a finished Hollandaise -LRB- sans lemon juice -RRB- .
Some assume BÃ arnaise refers to the BÃ arn region , a former province now in the dÃ partement of PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques , in southwestern Franceto refer to the region of BÃ arn However , the sauce has no tradition in the cooking of the area , and Larousse has the name honoring Henri IV of France , a native of BÃ arn , and for whom the restaurant where the sauce was first shown was named .
BÃ arnaise sauce is often wrongly called Bernaise sauce , as if it were from Bern , the capital city of Switzerland , which is in no way connected with this sauce or its origins .
The most common preparation is a Bain-marie method where a reduction of vinegar is used to acidify the yolks .
It takes years of practice for the result to be perfect .
BÃ arnaise is a traditional sauce for steak .
A BÃ arnaise sauce is simply clarified butter , an egg yolk , a shallot , a little tarragon vinegar .
Escoffier calls for a reduction of wine , vinegar , shallots , fresh chervil , fresh tarragon and crushed peppercorns -LRB- later strained out -RRB- , with fresh tarragon and chervil to finish instead of lemon juice .
Others are similar .
Evidence for this is reinforced by the fact that the restaurant was named for Henry IV of France , a gourmet himself , who was born in the former province of BÃ arn .
In appearance it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
Here we highlight the differences .
The difference is only in their flavoring : BÃ arnaise uses shallot , chervil , peppercorn , and tarragon , while Hollandaise uses lemon juice .
It is considered to be a ` child ' of the mother Hollandaise sauce , one of the five mother sauces in French haute cuisine .
Please refer to the Preparation section of that article for basics .
BÃ arnaise sauce is a sauce made of clarified butter , egg yolks , and herbs .
Daryn Colledge -LRB- born February 11 , 1982 in Fairbanks , Alaska -RRB- is an American Football guard for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
In Euclidean space , an object is a convex set if , for two points inside the object , a straight line segment can be drawn .
Wesley Sneijder -LRB- born 9 June 1984 -RRB- is a Dutch football player .
Thionville is a city in France .
Thionville is a city in France . It is situated at the Moselle River .
Eintracht Braunschweig is a football club which plays in Germany .
Saint-Martin-des-Entr Ã es is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
He was also the first ruler to carry the title Sultan , signifying his break from the suzerainty of the Caliph .
Mahmud of Ghazni -LRB- Persian : Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Ù Û Maá mÅ `` d-e GhaznawÄ `` -RRB- -LRB- November 2 , 971 - April 30 , 1030 -RRB- , also known as YÄ mÄ `` n al-Dawlah Maá mÅ `` d -LRB- in full : YÄ mÄ `` n al-Dawlah Abd al-Q Ä á # im Maá mÅ `` d Ibn SebÃ 1\/4 k TegÄ `` n -RRB- , was the ruler of the Ghaznavid Empire from 997 until his death .
Mahmud turned the former provincial city of Ghazni into the wealthy capital of an extensive empire which included modern-day Afghanistan , most of Iran as well as regions of north-west India including modern-day Pakistan .
ParignÃ - sur-Braye is a commune of 624 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
No. 1 fuel oil , No. 2 fuel oil -LRB- heating oil -RRB- , and No. 3 fuel oil are referred to as distillate fuel oils , diesel fuel oils , light fuel oils , gasoil or just distillate . For example , No. 2 fuel oil , No. 2 distillate and No. 2 diesel fuel oil are almost the same thing .
Price usually decreases as the fuel number increases . No. 1 fuel oil , No. 2 fuel oil -LRB- heating oil -RRB- , and No. 3 fuel oil are referred to as distillate fuel oils , diesel fuel oils , light fuel oils , gasoil or just distillate .
The term fuel oil is also used in a stricter sense to refer only to the heaviest commercial fuel that can be obtained from crude oil , heavier than gasoline and naphtha .
Fuel oil is a fraction obtained from petroleum distillation , either as a distillate or a residue .
Diesel is different in that it also has a cetane number limit which describes the ignition quality of the fuel .
Price usually decreases as the fuel number increases .
Broadly speaking , fuel oil is any liquid petroleum product that is burned in a furnace or boiler for the generation of heat or used in an engine for the generation of power , except oils having a flash point of approximately +40 Â C and oils burned in cotton or wool-wick burners .
In this sense , diesel is a type of fuel oil .
Fuel oil is made of long hydrocarbon chains , particularly alkanes , cycloalkanes and aromatics .
Viscosity also increases with fuel oil number and the heaviest oil has to be heated to get it to flow .
Kumho Tire Co. v. Carmichael applied the Daubert standard to expert testimony from non-scientists .
Three months later , the Carmichaels sued the manufacturer of the tire , claiming that the tire was defective and the defect caused the accident .
The district court found the tire expert 's methods not to be scientifically valid , and hence excluded his testimony .
This meant that Kumho Tire would prevail .
The Eleventh Circuit reversed the district court 's ruling in favor of Kumho Tire .
It reasoned that Daubert was expressly limited only to scientific expert testimony and did not apply to `` skill - or experience-based observation . ''
The Carmichaels ' case rested largely on testimony from a tire failure expert .
Kumho also disagreed with certain aspects of the tire expert 's methodology , and asked the federal district court hearing the case to exclude it under Rule 702 of the Federal Rules of Evidence .
The tire failure expert relied on features of tire technology that the manufacturer did not dispute , as well as background facts about the particular tire on the Carmichaels ' van .
The Carmichaels appealed to the Eleventh Circuit .
The district court took its cue from Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals , which had solidified a gatekeeping role for trial judges in admitting expert testimony .
Patrick Carmichael was driving his minivan on July 6 , 1993 , when the right rear tire blew out .
One of the passengers in the vehicle died , and others were severely injured .
Kumho Tire asked the Supreme Court to review whether Daubert applied solely to scientific evidence .
The tire expert 's testimony rested on observation and experience , and so the Eleventh Circuit reasoned the district court should have made a different ruling based on Rule 702 without the Daubert gloss .
The expert 's conclusion that a defect in the tire caused the accident rested on certain observations about the tire that Kumho Tire vigorously disputed .
Under Daubert , certain factors contribute to the reliability , and hence the admissibility , of expert testimony , one of which is the general validity of the expert 's methods .
The British Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted of five examples , built at Brush Falcon Works in Loughborough and delivered between September 1965 and July 1966 .
They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order , but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing 2650 b , as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet .
Servignat is a commune .
'' ` One Man Army ' '' is a 1999 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the first single from their third studio album Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch , which was released in 1999 .
One popular theory is that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time , causing objects in the asteroid belt and\/or Kuiper belt to be forced into orbits which reached the terrestrial planets .
The Late Heavy Bombardment -LRB- LHB -RRB- or lunar cataclysm , is a period of time approximately 4.1 to 3.8 billion years ago -LRB- Ga -RRB- during which a large number of impact craters are believed to have formed on the Moon , and by inference on Earth , Mercury , Venus , and Mars as well .
Some argue that the lunar sample data do not require a cataclysmic cratering event near 3.9 Ga. . They think the apparent clustering of impact melt ages near this time is an artifact of sampling .
The evidence for this event comes from the dating of lunar samples , which indicates that most impact melt rocks formed at that time .
Many hypotheses have been suggested to explain how asteroidal or cometary material got into the inner solar system , no consensus yet exists .
Observation of the moon 's orbit has made possible a correct determination of Hermione 's mass .
It has not yet been officially named , but the name `` LaFayette '' has been suggested by a group of astronomers . This is after the ship used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the Americans during the American Revolutionary War .
Hermione is a Cybele asteroid and orbits beyond most of the main belt asteroids .
As a C-type , it is probably made of carbonate .
For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â . This gives a porosity of the order of 20 % .
A moon of Hermione was found in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
Hermione was found by J. C. Watson on May 12 , 1872 , and named after Hermione , daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology .
Of many proposed shape models that agreed with the images , a `` snowman '' - like shape was found to best fit the seen precession rate of Hermione 's moon .
The asteroid has an odd shape , as evidenced by adaptive optics images , the first of which were taken in December 2003 , with the Keck telescope .
121 Hermione is a very big asteroid of the dark C spectral type , orbiting in the Cybele group in the farther part of the main belt .
The moon is currently called S\/2002 -LRB- 121 -RRB- 1 .
Occultations by Hermione have been successfully seen three times so far , the last time in February , 2004 .
Silvio Spann -LRB- born 21 August 1981 -RRB- is a Trinidad and Tobago football player .
Silvio Spann -LRB- born 21 August 1981 -RRB- is a Trinidad and Tobago football player . He plays for Wrexham and Trinidad and Tobago national team .
Trail is a Canadian city in British Columbia , Canada . Trail is located in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia .
The current mayor of Trail is Dieter Bogs . Trail has a BCHL -LRB- British Columbia Hockey League -RRB- ice hockey team called the Trail Smoke Eaters .
Craig-Chad Leo Stansberry -LRB- born March 8 , 1982 in Dammam , Saudi Arabia -RRB- is a Saudi Arabian baseball player . He is a third baseman for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- .
BenoÃ t Pedretti -LRB- born 12 November 1980 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Auxerre .
The title was later used in the monarchies of medieval Europe . In many countries , the constable became a high military rank and great officer of State such as , the Constable of France .
The work and role of a constable can vary a lot in different countries .
Historically , a constable could also be someone in charge of the defense of a castle .
Even today , there is a Constable of the Tower of London .
It is a similar position to Marshal , which comes from Old High German marah `` horse '' and schalh `` servant '' , and originally meant `` stable keeper '' , which has a similar etymology .
However , in the Channel Islands a constable is an elected office-holder at the parish level .
In the United Kingdom , Commonwealth of Nations and some European countries , a constable is the lowest rank of police officer . In the United States a constable is usually an elected peace officer , with less powers than a sheriff .
A constable is a person doing a certain job , most commonly in law enforcement .
In the United States a constable is usually an elected peace officer , with less powers than a sheriff .
Historically , the word constable comes from the Latin , comes stabuli , count of the stables . It came from the Eastern Roman Empire .
Diving nearly vertically at the target , in the same direction the bombs will take , the aircraft will release the bombs very close to the target at high speed .
This allows a dive bomber to accurately place bombs on relatively small target , or a moving target quite easily .
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives towards the ground so it can get very close to its targets .
This also had the advantage of attacking ships at a weak spot ; armor was the heaviest near the waterline and thin or non-existent on the deck .
Additionally , no complicated precision equipment is needed .
Also , dive bombing allowed relatively small aeroplanes carrying limited bomb load to produce more damage than usual .
Dive bombers were widely used to attack high value targets such as ships and bridges .
It was opposed by 11 Southern slave states .
During the American Civil War , the Union meant the federal government of the United States , which was supported by the twenty free states and five border slave states .
The Union states included the Western states of California , Oregon , and -LRB- after 1864 -RRB- Nevada . They also included states usually thought to be part of the Midwest .
George Hoyt Whipple -LRB- August 26 , 1878 - February 1 , 1976 -RRB- was an American doctor .
He won the 1934 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with George Minot and William P. Murphy , for their discoveries about how eating liver could cure anemia .
Excommunication is a religious act used to take off or suspend membership in a religious community .
Sometimes sanctions follow excommunication ; these include banishment , shunning , and shaming , depending on the group 's religion or religious community .
In some churches , excommunication includes spiritual condemnation of the member or group .
The word literally means out of communion , or no longer in communion .
Pensacola is a city of Florida in the United States . It is the county seat of Escambia County .
Her fortune is estimated to be about $ 150 million .
An isthmus is a narrow strip of land , with water on either side , that connects two bigger landmasses . For example , the Isthmus of Panama connects the continents of The Americas -LRB- but some people say it has not been a true isthmus since the Panama Canal was built -RRB- .
Columbus Day is the US Federal Holiday celebrating the day Columbus landed on San Salvador . Some places get a day off and some go to work and school as normal .
Lawton is a city in and the county seat of Comanche County , Oklahoma , United States .
In the coiling method of construction , all of the energy required to form the main part of a piece is supplied directly by the hands of the potter .
However , the name potter 's lathe is also used for the machine used for another shaping process , turning , which is similar to that used for the shaping of metal and wood articles .
In Ancient Egyptian mythology , the god Chnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel .
The potter 's wheel , also known as the potter 's lathe , is a machine used in the shaping of round ceramic wares .
The wheel may also be used during the process of trimming excess body from dried wares and for applying incised decoration or rings of color .
Many early ceramics were hand-built using a simple coiling technique in which clay body was rolled into long threads that were then pinched and beaten together to form the body of a vessel .
Tim Allen -LRB- born Timothy Allen Dick on June 13 , 1953 -RRB- is an American actor .
He also had a role in The Santa Clause , Toy Story , and Galaxy Quest .
Geneva is a city in and the county seat of Geneva County , Alabama , United States .
It is part of the Dothan , Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Gandhara was largely Mahayana Buddhist , and was also a stronghold of Vajrayana Buddhism .
Buddhism was also practiced in the Punjab and Sindh regions .
There are many archaeological sites from the Buddhist era in Swat .
Padmasambhava is known as Guru Rinpoche in Tibetan and it is he who introduced Vajrayana Buddhism in Tibet .
Most Buddhists in Punjab reverted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards .
The Swat Valley , known in antiquity as Uddiyana , was a kingdom tributary to Gandhara .
The Buddhist sage Padmasambhava is said to have been born in a village near the present day town of Chakdara in Lower Dir District , which was then a part of Uddiyana .
Buddhism was the faith practiced by the majority of the population of Sindh up to the Arab conquest by the Umayad Caliphate in 710 AD .
Gandhara remained a largely Buddhist land until around 800 AD , when the Pashtun people invaded the region from Southern Afghanistan and introduced the Islamic religion .
The region that is today known as Pakistan once had a large Buddhist population , with the majority of people in Gandhara -LRB- present day North Western Pakistan and Eastern Afghanistan -RRB- being Buddhist .
Jun Uruno -LRB- born 23 October 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
Shaun Goater is a football player .
He plays for Bermuda Hogges .
A marathon is a long distance running sport event where an athlete must run 42.195 kilometres -LRB- 26 miles and 385 yards -RRB- .
Andrew David Lansley -LRB- born December 11 , 1956 in Essex , England -RRB- is an British politician who is the Secretary of State for Health in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government .
He was made a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 .
He is the Conservative Party Member of Parliament -LRB- MP -RRB- for the South Cambridgeshire constituency in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom . He was first elected as an MP in the 1997 general election .
Hanzei is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- which is associated with the burial mound .
Hanzei was the brother of RichÅ `` . Hanzei 's enthronement by-passed RichÅ `` 's two sons .
Emperor Hanzei was the 18th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Few other details have survived .
Reed stems are also important building materials in some areas .
Medicines obtained from stems include quinine from the bark of cinchona trees , camphor distilled from wood of a tree in the same genus that provides cinnamon , and the muscle relaxant curare from the bark of tropical vines .
Stem usually consist of three tissues , dermal tissue , ground tissue and vascular tissue .
Bamboo stems also have hundreds of uses , including paper , buildings , furniture , boats , musical instruments , fishing poles , water pipes , plant stakes , and scaffolding .
Tree bark is often used as a mulch and in growing media for container plants .
Amber is fossilized sap from tree trunks ; it is used for jewelry and may contain ancient animals .
Chicle , the main ingredient in chewing gum , is obtained from trunks of the chicle tree .
Wood pulp is widely used to make paper , cardboard , cellulose sponges , cellophane and some important plastics and textiles , such as cellulose acetate and rayon .
Gum arabic is an important food additive obtained from the trunks of Acacia senegal trees .
The earliest paper was obtained from the stems of papyrus by the ancient Egyptians .
The other main structural axis of plants is the root .
In most plants stems are located above the soil surface but some plants have underground stems called stolons or rhizomes .
Sugar cane stems are a major source of sugar .
Rattan , used for furniture and baskets , is made from the stems of tropical vining palms .
Trunks of palm trees and tree ferns are often used for building .
Cork is obtained from the bark of the cork oak .
The spice , cinnamon is bark from a tree trunk .
A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant .
The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes , the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves , flowers , cones or other stems etc. .
Vegetables from stems are asparagus , bamboo shoots , cactus pads or nopalitos , kohlrabi , and water chestnut .
Maple sugar is obtained from trunks of maple trees .
Bast fibers for textiles and rope are obtained from stems include flax , hemp , jute and ramie .
Cellulose from tree trunks is a food additive in bread , grated Parmesan cheese , and other processed foods .
Tannins used for tanning leather are obtained from the wood of certain trees , such as quebracho .
There are thousands of species whose stems have economic uses .
Some ornamental plants are grown mainly for their attractive stems , e.g. :
Wood is a used in thousands of ways , e.g. buildings , furniture , boats , airplanes , wagons , car parts , musical instruments , sports equipment , railroad ties , utility poles , fence posts , pilings , toothpicks , matches , plywood , coffins , shingles , barrel staves , toys , tool handles , picture frames , veneer , charcoal and firewood .
Rubber is obtained from the trunks of Hevea brasiliensis .
Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro .
Resins from conifer wood are used to produce turpentine and rosin .
The name `` Agnes '' was one of five category 1 hurricanes to get its name retired . -LRB- `` Cesar '' , `` Klaus '' , `` Noel '' , and `` Stan '' were the others -RRB- .
Hurricane Agnes was a category 1 hurricane in the 1972 Atlantic hurricane season .
Nelson Mandela was the first member of his family to go to a school , where his teacher Miss Mdingane gave him the English name â Nelsonâ .
It is situated on the northern bank of the Ottawa River , immediately across from Ottawa , Ontario , and is located within Canada 's National Capital Region .
Gatineau -LRB- as of 2006 census population 242,124 -RRB- is a city in western Quebec , Canada .
Ottawa and Gatineau comprise a single Census Metropolitan Area .
A stream cipher generates successive elements of the keystream based on an internal state .
For example , if a 128-bit block cipher received separate 32-bit bursts of plaintext , three quarters of the transmitted data need padding .
Various schemes have been designed to increase the security of LFSRs .
However , the use of LFSRs only is insufficient to provide good security .
In the most common form , binary digits -LRB- bits -RRB- are used , and the keystream is combined with the plaintext using the exclusive or operation -LRB- XOR -RRB- .
Stream ciphers typically execute at a higher speed than block ciphers and have lower hardware requirements .
Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers .
Another approach is to mark the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output .
Single-digit errors are limited in their effect , affecting only up to N plaintext digits .
Based on this key , it generates a pseudorandom keystream which can be combined with the plaintext digits in a similar way to the one-time pad encryption algorithm . However , because the keystream is pseudorandom , and not truly random , the security associated with the one-time pad can not be applied and it is quite possible for a stream cipher to be completely insecure .
An alternative name is a state cipher , as the encryption of each digit is dependent on the current state .
Another approach to improving the security of an LFSR is to pass the entire state of a single LFSR into a non-linear filtering function .
In a stream cipher the Plaintext digits are encrypted one at a time , and the transformation of successive digits varies during the encryption state .
The other device can be designed for used in less securely environments .
To restore synchronisation , various offsets can be tried systematically to obtain the correct decryption .
Various properties of such a combining function are important for ensuring the security of the resultant scheme , for example , in order to avoid correlation attacks .
If a block cipher were to be used in this type of application , the designer would need to choose either transmission efficiency or implementation complexity , since block ciphers can not directly work on blocks shorter than their block size .
If digits are added or removed from the message during transmission , synchronisation is lost .
In a synchronous stream cipher a stream of pseudo-random digits is generated independently of the plaintext and ciphertext messages , and then combined with the plaintext -LRB- to encrypt -RRB- or with the ciphertext -LRB- to decrypt -RRB- .
Self-synchronizing stream ciphers is another technique that uses part of the previous N ciphertext digits to compute the keystream .
In practice , the digits are typically single bits or bytes .
However , because the keystream is pseudorandom , and not truly random , the security associated with the one-time pad can not be applied and it is quite possible for a stream cipher to be completely insecure .
Such schemes are known also as asynchronous stream ciphers or ciphertext autokey -LRB- CTAK -RRB- .
This can be improved by buffering the output .
In a synchronous stream cipher , the sender and receiver must be in synchronous for decryption to be successful .
An example of a self-synchronising stream cipher is a block cipher in cipher-feedback mode -LRB- CFB -RRB- .
The idea of self-synchronization was patented in 1946 , and has the advantage that the receiver will automatically synchronise with the keystream generator after receiving N ciphertext digits , making it easier to recover if digits are dropped or added to the message stream .
Based on this key , it generates a pseudorandom keystream which can be combined with the plaintext digits in a similar way to the one-time pad encryption algorithm .
This output is then -LRB- in some versions -RRB- combined with the output of a third LFSR clocked at a regular rate .
Instead of a linear driving device , one may use a nonlinear update function .
A stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient cryptographic keys , for example 128 bits keys .
One technique to introducting non-linearity is to have the LFSR clocked irregularly , controlled by the output of a second LFSR .
RC4 is the most widely used stream cipher in software ; others include : A5\/1 , A5\/2 , Chameleon , FISH , Helix , ISAAC , MUGI , Panama , Phelix , Pike , SEAL , SOBER , SOBER-128 and WAKE .
However , stream ciphers can be susceptible to serious security problems if used incorrectly ; for example , in particular , the same starting state must never be used twice .
This technique suffers from timing attacks on the second generator , since the speed of the output is variable in a manner that depends on the second generator 's state .
One LFSR is clocked if the output of a second is a `` 1 '' , otherwise it repeats its previous output .
Normally LFSRs are stepped regularly .
If , however , a digit is corrupted in transmission , rather than added or lost , only a single digit in the plaintext is affected and the error does not propagate to other parts of the message .
Binary stream ciphers are often constructed using linear feedback shift registers -LRB- LFSRs -RRB- because they can be easily implemented in hardware and can be quickly analyzed mathematically .
Such generators include the stop-and-go generator , the alternating step generator and the shrinking generator .
Because LFSRs are inherently linear , one technique for removing the linearity is to feed the outputs of a group of parallel LFSRs into a non-linear Boolean function to form a combination generator .
This property is useful when the transmission error rate is high ; however , it makes it less likely that the error would be detected without further mechanisms .
In cryptography , a stream cipher is a symmetric key cipher where plaintext bits are combined with a pseudorandom cipher bit stream -LRB- keystream -RRB- using an exclusive-or -LRB- xor -RRB- operation .
Moreover , because of this property , synchronous stream ciphers are very susceptible to active attacks â '' if an attacker can change a digit in the ciphertext , he might be able to make predictable changes to the corresponding plaintext bit ; for example , flipping a bit in the ciphertext causes the same bit to be flipped -LRB- Toggled -RRB- in the plaintext .
Block ciphers operate on large blocks of fixed length .
The stop-and-go generator -LRB- Beth and Piper , 1984 -RRB- consists of two LFSRs .
Block ciphers must be used in ciphertext stealing or residual block termination mode to avoid padding , while stream ciphers eliminate this issue by operating on the smallest transmitted unit -LRB- usually bytes -RRB- .
Another advantage of stream ciphers in military cryptography is that the cipher stream can be generated by an encryption device that is subject to strict security measures then fed to other devices , e.g. a radio set , which will perform the xor operation as part of their function .
For example , Klimov and Shamir proposed triangular functions -LRB- T-Functions -RRB- with a single cycle on n bit words .
Stream ciphers are often used in applications where plaintext comes in quantities of unknowable length as in secure wireless connections .
This is termed a binary additive stream cipher .
Denis Law -LRB- born 24 February 1940 -RRB- is a former Scottish football player .
It is a two-player board game in the same family as International chess , and Chinese Xiangqi . Shogi is the most popular of a family of chess variants , and is native to Japan .
In early years , however , shogi was written è æ # -LRB- the same as Xiangqi , `` elephant chess '' -RRB- .
Shogi in its present form was played as early as the 16th century , while a direct ancestor without the `` drop rule '' was recorded from 1210 in a historical document NichÅ `` reki , which is an edited copy of ShÅ chÅ `` reki and KaichÅ `` reki from the late Heian period -LRB- ~ 1120 -RRB- .
The earliest predecessors of the game , chaturanga , originated in India in the 6th century AD , and spread from China to Japan , where it spawned a number of variants .
According to ChessVariants.com , `` Perhaps the enduring popularity of Shogi can be attributed to its ` drop rule ' ; it was the first chess variant wherein captured pieces could be returned to the board to be used as one 's own .
David Pritchard credits the drop rule to the practice of 16th century mercenaries -LRB- ronin -RRB- who switched loyalties when capturedâ '' no doubt as an alternative to execution '' .
The Venezuelan Sylph -LRB- Aglaiocercus berlepschi -RRB- is a species of hummingbird .
It is restricted to a small area of north-eastern Venezuela and is classed as an endangered species by BirdLife International .
It is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the Long-tailed Sylph -LRB- A. kingi -RRB- .
The Long-tailed Sylph is almost the same in color but does not overlap in range .
The throat is blue and the outer tail-feathers are violet , becoming blue towards the tips .
The tail is shorter than that of the male but still fairly long and slightly forked .
The female is 9.5-11 centimeters long .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch , while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
Its color is mostly irridescent green .
Females have a rufous breast and belly .
Females have a blue crown and white throat , breast and belly .
The male is 22 centimeters in length with the elongated outer tail-feathers accounting for 14-15 centimeters .
Saint-Pierre-sur-Erve is a commune of 138 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Jari Kurri reached 600 goals in his career , finishing with 601 .
The Vancouver Canucks and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim opened the season with two games in Tokyo , Japan ; this was the first time the NHL played games outside of North America .
Ath is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
It is the birthplace of John Adams , the second U.S. President , and Adams ' son , John Quincy Adams , the sixth U.S. President .
It is named after Colonel John Quincy , who was Abigail Adams ' mother 's father . Quincy also had Adams ' son , John Quincy Adams , named after him .
Hurricane Lenny was a very strong November hurricane .
The names Franklin and Lee replaced them in 2005 .
Below is a list of the names that were used in 1999 and also the names not used , those are marked in .
Hurricane Bret at first , started as Tropical Depression Three on August 18 .
The 1999 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1999 , and lasted until November 30 , 1999 .
This list is exactly the same as the list in 1993 .
At this point Hurricane Cindy reached highest winds of 140 mph , a category 4 hurricane .
Wind shear from Hurricane Cindy caused Emily to die on August 28 .
Tropical Storm Katrina started on October 27 as a tropical depression .
In the spring of 2000 two names got retired : Floyd and Lenny .
Lenny died on November 23 .
It became a tropical storm very shortly before landfall in Puerto Cabezas , Nicaragua .
On November 17 , it made landfall in Saint Croix .
As a depression it made landfall in the Yucatan Peninsula . It died on November 1 , just before it was going to enter the Gulf of Mexico .
It died over land on August 25 .
Jasseines is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Loches-sur-Ource is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
She is a member of the Democratic Party .
She is the first elected female senator from Minnesota and is one of seventeen female senators serving in the 111th United States Congress .
Amy Klobuchar is a United States Senator from Minnesota .
The ` Memorial Cup is the trophy for the winners of the Canadian Hockey League -LRB- CHL -RRB- .
Every year , winning teams from the three CHL leagues , the Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- , the Ontario Hockey League -LRB- OHL -RRB- , and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League -LRB- QMJHL -RRB- , and the hosting team , compete in a tournament .
He has also played with the Sacramento Kings from 2000 to 2003 , San Antonio Spurs from 2003 to 2004 , Orlando Magic from 2004 to 2009 , Toronto Raptors from 2009 to 2010 , Phoenix Suns in 2010 and currently the Orlando Magic since 2010 when he was traded to the Magic in 2010 along with Jason Richardson and Earl Clark for Vince Carter , Marcin Gortat , MickaÃ `` l PiÃ trus , a 2011 first-round draft pick and $ 3 million .
A cash register , or till , is a machine that holds money .
Woods Hole is a census-designated place and village within the town of Falmouth in Barnstable County , Massachusetts , at the extreme southwest corner of Cape Cod , near Martha 's Vineyard and the Elizabeth Islands .
Pierremande is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Hurricane Keith was the strongest hurricane of the 2000 Atlantic hurricane season .
The beginning of the hurricane was from a tropical wave that moved into the Atlantic Ocean off of Africa on September 16 .
On October 2 as a weak hurricane , Keith made landfall in Ambergris Caye , Belize .
Hurricane Keith made its last landfall in Mexico near Tampico in Tamaulipas on October 5 .
The name Keith was retired in the Spring of 2001 . The name Kirk was put on the list in 2006 , but Kirk was not used , so it must be used again in 2012 .
The next day , Keith made another landfall in Belize , this time in Belize City as a very strong tropical storm .
On September 30 Keith became a hurricane .
Fifteen moved a little northwest and became Tropical Storm Keith on September 29 .
At the Gates is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Age of Discovery or Age of Exploration was a period from the early 15th century and continuing into the early 17th century , during which European ships traveled around the world to search for new trading routes and partners .
Laon is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Geographically , Scotland Lowlands are divided into two distinct areas : the Central Lowlands , and the Southern Uplands .
Leandro Montera da Silva -LRB- born 12 February 1985 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
Sligo is home to the Institute of Technology , Sligo .
An apple pie is a pie or tart filled with apples .
Sometimes it has whipped cream or ice cream on top .
The current developer is Eugene Roshal , while his brother Alexander Roshal is helping with the business .
WinRAR -LRB- a.k.a. RAR -RRB- is a shareware file archiver and data compression program created by Eugene Roshal .
Acton Town is a London Underground station in Acton , west London , served by the Piccadilly and District lines .
The station is at the junction of Gunnersbury Lane -LRB- A4000 -RRB- and Bollo Lane and is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
This term is used for collecting autographs of celebrities .
The collection of autographs is called ` philography ' .
Air Nostrum -LRB- trading as Iberia Regional -RRB- is a regional airline based in Spain . It is not actually owned by Iberia however it works in very close partnership with them .
Air Nostrum -LRB- trading as Iberia Regional -RRB- is a regional airline based in Spain .
The town of Mount Shasta and Shasta Lake Reservoir , formed by Shasta Dam , are all named for Mount Shasta .
Linen canvas is the traditional surface for an oil painting . Cotton canvas can also be used , and is cheaper .
Oil paint is usually dry to the touch in a day to two weeks , depending on how much oil and turpentine is in it .
These include pine resin , frankincense , poppy seed oil , walnut oil , and in more modern times safflower oil .
A painting should dry for several months before it is varnished .
The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil .
The good thing about oil paint is that it can be used in all sorts of ways that most other types of paint can not be used .
Linseed oil , which is the main type of oil used for oil painting , comes from the flax seed .
Oil painting is a way of painting pictures with pigments -LRB- colors -RRB- that are held together by the medium of oil . The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil .
An oil painting is not completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
In 1891 his father died .
Atlantic Records -LRB- Atlantic Recording Corporation -RRB- is an American record label best known for its many recordings of rhythm & blues , rock and roll , and jazz .
Ligornetto is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In 2009 Vueling merged together with another Spanish airline Clickair .
There are some stories about the origin of tteokguk .
A migrant worker is someone who regularly works away from home , if they even have a home .
Structural engineering is a subset of civil engineering dealing with the design and analysis of buildings and large non-building structures to withstand both the gravity and wind loads as well as natural disasters .
Structural engineering came to existence when the humans first started to construct their own structures .
Structural engineering is a subset of civil engineering dealing with the design and analysis of buildings and large non-building structures to withstand both the gravity and wind loads as well as natural disasters . Besides , it may also cover design of machinery , medical equipment , vehicles or any other objects where structural functionality or safety are involved .
It became a more defined profession with the emergence of the architecture profession during the industrial revolution in the late 19th Century .
Entry-level structural engineers may design individual structural elements of a structure , for example , beams , columns , and floors of a building .
More experienced engineers would be responsible for the structural design and integrity of an entire system , such as a building .
Structural engineers often specialize in particular fields , such as bridge engineering , building engineering , pipeline engineering , industrial structures , or special mechanical structures such as vehicles or aircrafts .
Besides , it may also cover design of machinery , medical equipment , vehicles or any other objects where structural functionality or safety are involved .
The first series was a two-volume set which was published in February 1836 . This was just a month before the publication of the first -LRB- parts of The Pickwick Papers -LRB- 1836-37 -RRB- .
Macrone died unexpectedly at 28 . Dickens helped to publish a book called The Pic-Nic Papers to help Macrone 's widow and children .
Sketches by `` Boz , '' Illustrative of Every-day Life and Every-day People -LRB- usually known as Sketches by Boz -RRB- is a collection of short pieces written by Charles Dickens . The book was published in 1836 .
After Dickens became famous , he could buy out his agreements with Macrone .
Jacobabad Taluka is an administrative subdivision -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Jacobabad District , Sindh , Pakistan .
At the age of four , William Saroyan was placed in the Fred Finch Orphanage in Oakland , California , together with his brother and sister - an experience he later described in his writing .
Saroyan was born in Fresno , California , the son of an Armenian immigrant .
Five years later the family reunited in Fresno , where his mother , Takoohi , had obtained work in a cannery .
William Saroyan -LRB- August 31 , 1908 - May 18 , 1981 -RRB- was an American author who wrote many plays and short stories about growing up impoverished as the son of Armenian immigrants .
Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was being made during 1999 and January 2000 . Windows 2000 was released as an operating system for businesses and people that know how to use computers well .
`` Whistler '' was later released as Windows XP .
Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was being made during 1999 and January 2000 .
KÃ 1\/4 lama is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Zesh Rehman -LRB- born 14 October 1983 -RRB- is a Pakistani football player .
The white bass or sand bass -LRB- Morone chrysops -RRB- is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae .
It is the state fish of Oklahoma .
About 170 people were living in Kappa in the year 2000 .
Kappa is a village of Woodford County in the state of Illinois , in the United States .
Between Clays Ferry in Madison County and Frankfort , the river passes through the Kentucky River Palisades . The latter is a series of steep gorges approximately 100 mi -LRB- 160 km -RRB- in length .
The river flows generally northwest , and is highly meandering in the mountains . It then flows through Daniel Boone National Forest , then past Irvine and Boonesborough , then southwest , passing south of Lexington , then north through Frankfort .
According to Robert F. Collins of the United States Forest Service , Dr. Thomas Walker named the river , in 1750 , Louisa River , after Princess Louisa , the wife of Prince William Augustus , Duke of Cumberland .
At High Bridge , it is joined by the Dix River .
It joins the Ohio at Carrollton .
At Frankfort , it is joined by Benson Creek .
10 mi north of Frankfort , Elkhorn Creek flows into the river .
About 20 mi -LRB- 30 km -RRB- southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by Silver Creek .
Approximately 15 mi -LRB- 25 km -RRB- southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by the Red River .
Later , the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River .
Sint-Katelijne-Waver is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Bocholt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
The sea slug Glaucus atlanticus and the violet snail Janthina janthinaalso feed on the Portuguese Man o ' War .
The skin of the turtle is too thick for the Portuguese Man o ' War 's sting to enter and launch its venom .
It is sometimes called the blue bubble , or man-of-war .
The Portuguese Man o ' War is often found with many different kinds of marine fish . Some of them are shepherd fish , clown fish and yellow jack .
The blanket octopus Tremoctopus is immune to the venom of the Portuguese Man o ' War . The blanket octopus has been known to rip off the Portuguese Man o ' War 's tentacles and use them for defensive purposes
The Loggerhead Turtle feeds on the Portuguese Man o ' War .
These fish benefit from the shelter by the stinging tentacles . It also helps the Portuguese Man o ' War for the presence of these species may attract other fish to feed on .
The Portuguese Man o ' War -LRB- Physalia physalis -RRB- is a Cnidarian invertebrate .
This is possibly due to its mucus that does not trigger the nematocysts .
The shepherd fish seems to avoid the larger , stinging tentacles . It feeds on the smaller tentacles under the gas bladder .
Eino Tamberg -LRB- May 27 1930 â '' December 24 2010 -RRB- was a composer and musician from Estonia .
Usually , the female builds the nest , and the male helps her . In some species , though , the male does nothing , and in others , the male builds the nest and the female does nothing .
Like the other gas giants , Neptune has no solid land on its surface so landing on Neptune would be impossible .
Voyager 2 studied Neptune 's atmosphere , its rings , its magnetosphere , and its moons .
Triton was flown by at about 25,000 miles away , and became the last object Voyager 2 would ever explore .
Voyager 2 discovered six moons orbiting Neptune , but only three were photographed in detail : Proteus , Nereid , and Triton .
Triton was shown to have extraordinary active geysers and polar caps .
The planetary radio astronomy instrument found that Neptune 's day is sixteen hours , seven minutes .
Voyager 2 found that Neptune 's atmosphere was very active , even though it gets only 3 % of the sunlight Jupiter receives .
Proteus turned out to be an ellipsoid , as large as an ellipsoid could become without turning into a sphere .
Also seen in Neptune 's atmosphere at that time was an almond-shaped spot called `` D2 '' , and a bright , quickly moving cloud high above the cloud decks named Scooter .
Neptune 's magnetosphere was also studied by Voyager 2 .
Voyager 2 also discovered auroras , like on Earth , but much more complicated .
In Voyager 2 's last visit with a planet before leaving the solar system , Voyager 2 came only 3,000 miles above Neptune 's north pole , the closest approach it made to any planet after it left Earth .
A very thin atmosphere was found , as well as thin clouds .
Proteus is very dark in color .
Voyager 2 discovered an anticyclone called the Great Dark Spot , similar to Jupiter 's Great Red Spot .
Nereid , although discovered in 1949 , is still not well known even after Voyager 2 passed by .
Voyager 2 also found four rings and found proof for ring arcs , or incomplete rings around Neptune .
However , pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope showed that the Great Dark Spot had disappeared .
Several discoveries were made , including the discovery of the Great Dark Spot and Triton 's geysers .
The Exploration of Neptune started on August 25 , 1989 , when Voyager 2 became the first and so-far only spacecraft to visit the planet .
British Rail allocated the number E1000 -LRB- and later E2001 -RRB- to the locomotive following its conversion from gas turbine propulsion .
This locomotive was built by Metropolitan-Vickers , initially as a prototype Gas turbine-electric locomotive , numbered 18100 .
Class 80 was the TOPS classification allocated by British Rail to the prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive .
Masahiro Å hashi -LRB- born 23 June 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
For the successful slave that turned person in business , see George Africanus Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus Major -LRB- Latin : PÂ CORNELIVSÂ PÂ FÂ LÂ NÂ SCIPIOÂ AFRICANVSÂ -RRB- -LRB- 235 â `` 183 BC -RRB- was a general in the Second Punic War and politician of the Roman Republic .
He won in the battle of Zama . He got the last name Africanus , the nickname the Roman Hannibal and became known as one of the best commanders in military history because he did so well .
This category contains people who are from the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .
Merrill is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Many cultures have produced laws to define what is considered to be obscene . Censorship is often used to try to suppress or control materials that are obscene under these definitions : These usually include pornographic material .
Sometimes , dramas are written to be read and not played . In that case , they are called closet dramas .
A playwright is a person who writes plays for the stage . Because the name of such a text is drama , another word for this person is dramatist .
The first playwrights in Western literature whose plays still exist were the Ancient Greeks .
They were written around the 5th century BC . These playwrights are important as they wrote in a way that is still used by modern playwrights .
Important among them are Aeschylus , Sophocles , Euripides , and Aristophanes .
He was made a `` GroÃ admiral '' -LRB- , equivalent to Admiral of the Fleet -RRB- in 1939 , which is the highest naval rank .
Erich Johann Albert Raeder -LRB- 24 April 1876 in Wandsbek - 6 November 1960 in Kiel -RRB- was a naval leader in Germany before and during the Second World War .
In 1943 he was replaced by Karl DÃ nitz in his position as head of the German Navy .
It forms part of what is called humanistic psychology and was co-founded by Fritz Perls , Laura Perls and Paul Goodman in the 1940s-1950s .
Viral meningitis is Meningitis caused by a virus .
It is talked about in Isaac Newton 's Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica -RRB- -RRB- . The law is part of classical mechanics .
Baikal also hosts a species of seals , Baikal seal or nerpa .
Le Mesnil-au-Grain is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Champfleury is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The negative sign in both equation above is a result of Lenz 's law , named after Heinrich Lenz . His law states that the electromotive force -LRB- EMF -RRB- produces a current that opposes the motion of the changing magnetic flux .
Michael Faraday found that an electromotive force is generated when there is a change in magnetic flux in a conductor .
Schizophreniform disorder is a mental illness .
Schizophreniform disorder is a mental illness . Usually , people suffering from this disorder show certain symptoms of schizophrenia , but they do not have all of them , or the symptoms are not present long enough .
Givenchy-en-Gohelle is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He drives the # 16 3M Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing .
Gregory Jack Biffle -LRB- born December 23 , 1969 -RRB- is an American racecar driver in the Sprint cup series .
Wailly is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
In England and Wales , the term `` shire county '' is used to refer to counties which are not metropolitan counties .
As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name it is pronounced - Ê É -LRB- É -RRB- -LRB- rhymes with `` fir '' -RRB- .
The states of New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland and Western Australia use shire for this unit .
Individually , or as a suffix in Scotland , the word is pronounced Ê aÉ É -LRB- É -RRB- -LRB- to rhyme with `` fire '' -RRB- .
Shire is the most common word in Australia for the smallest local government areas by population .
In Wales , the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the `` shire '' suffix .
Bedfordshire , Berkshire , Buckinghamshire , Cambridgeshire , Cheshire , Derbyshire , Gloucestershire , Hampshire , Herefordshire , Hertfordshire , Huntingdonshire , Lancashire , Lincolnshire , Leicestershire , Northamptonshire , Nottinghamshire , Oxfordshire , Shropshire , Staffordshire , Warwickshire , Wiltshire , Worcestershire , Yorkshire .
These counties are typically -LRB- though not always -RRB- named after their county town .
It can also be used in a narrower sense , referring only to traditional counties ending in `` shire '' .
The only traditional Welsh county that never takes `` shire '' is Anglesey .
Shires were controlled by a royal official known as a `` shire reeve '' or sheriff .
An Encyclical originally was a letter sent by a bishop to all churches of a particular area .
The show Danny Phantom is about a fourteen-year old boy named Danny Fenton .
Maninghen-Henne is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Atlas agreed , but only if Heracles would hold up the sky .
Atlas then became the Atlas Mountains .
He wanted Atlas to get the `` Golden Apples '' for him . Atlas agreed , but only if Heracles would hold up the sky .
In 1713 , Spain signed papers called the Treaty of Utrecht .
Gibraltar belonged to Spain between the years 1501 and 1704 , and was captured by a group of Dutch and British marines during the War of the Spanish Succession -LRB- 1704 -RRB- .
Floras can mean plant life of an historic era as in fossil flora .
Plants are grouped into floras based on region , period , special environment , or climate .
Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland .
The term flora comes from Latin language Flora , the goddess of flowers in Roman mythology .
The corresponding term for animal life is fauna .
Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora . Other times , the terms bacterial flora and plant flora are used separately .
A country is a political division of a geographical region .
Adhesives may come from either natural or synthetic sources . Some modern adhesives are extremely strong , and are becoming increasingly important in modern construction and industry .
Gabon national football team is the national football team of Gabon .
The United States Department of Justice -LRB- DOJ -RRB- is a Cabinet department in the United States government .
She turns around and warns Hallie , and then the killer jumps out from behind a building , grabs Hallie , and stabs her to death .
Sidney and Hallie are trapped , but are lucky when they see the killer is unconscious .
Meanwhile , the killer attacks Gale and Dewey .
They manage to escape and start to run , but Sidney stops when she realizes she can find out who the killer is . She runs back , but when she gets there she sees the killer is gone .
The track was the second music video to be released by the band . For the video , the song was shortened to 5 minutes .
`` Operation Ground and Pound '' is the fourth track of British power metal band DragonForce 's third album , Inhuman Rampage .
He is credited with being the father of photojournalism .
Mathew B. Brady -LRB- 1822 â `` January 15 , 1896 -RRB- was one of the most celebrated 19th century American photographers , best known for his portraits of celebrities and the documentation of the American Civil War .
The NPCs will react in a different way to each of them .
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl , previously known as S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Oblivion Lost , is a post-apocalyptic first-person shooter computer game by Ukrainian developer GSC Game World .
THQ ran a competition in January 2007 offering the lucky winners the chance to play the beta version of S.T.A.L.K.E. R , in a 24 hour marathon session .
These monsters will move in large groups .
Numerous different ways of playing the game can be used , such as using stealth and sniping .
For example , rescuing Stalkers from danger , killing Stalker renegades , protecting or attacking Stalker camps or searching for treasure .
Multiplayer demo was released to public on March 15 2007 .
In late February GSC managed to release a public beta .
Some phrases used in the game -LRB- `` The Zone '' , `` Stalker '' -RRB- as well as the idea of the game , are borrowed from the popular science fiction book Roadside Picnic by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky and the 1979 film Stalker , based on the book .
In October , 2005 , THQ confirmed that S.T.A.L.K.E.R. will not be out `` until the second half of THQ 's 2007 fiscal year - October 2006 at the earliest . ''
A weather system works in various parts of the landscape and let the weather act as if it is real , letting the game have weather such as sunshine , storms and showers .
The weapons available , the way the AI acts , game tactics and ranking systems will depend on the weather .
It features an alternate reality theme , where the second nuclear disaster happens at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the near future and makes strange changes happen to the area around it , which create a lot of mutated animals , plants , and change the laws of Physics .
The game has a storyline that lets the player have a lot of freedom , and features gameplay features such as trading and two-way communication with NPCs .
In February of 2006 , THQ revised this possible release window , saying the game would not be in stores until the first quarter of 2007 .
In February 2005 , THQ expressed desire to see the game released toward the end of its 2006 fiscal year -LRB- March 31 2006 -RRB- but maintained that no release date had been set .
On the morning of the event , the ` lucky ' winners were met at the venue by the THQ staff that had organized the event , who were embarrassed to report that they had been unable to get any copies of the game .
ALife supports more than one thousand characters living in the Zone .
In an interview at the Russian Gameland Awards , PR Manager Oleg Yavorsky indicated that release was planned for September 2006 .
The game uses uses GSC Gameworld 's proprietary ALife artificial intelligence engine .
The NPCs act as if they really are alive , having different states , such as task accomplishment , combat , rest , feeding and sleep . The monsters in the game also act in this way .
Meanwhile hundreds of screenshots of the game have been released , as well as dozen preview video clips , accompanied by other forms of promotion by GSC , such as inviting fans to their offices in Kiev to play the current build of the game .
The event , scheduled to take place on the January 24 2007 , was subsequently changed to a 12 hour session days before it was supposed to occur .
The non-scripted way the characters work means that there are an unlimited number of random quests .
The game was first announced in November 2001 and has had its release date , originally in 2003 , pushed back several times .
For example , the Atlas V 401 has a four metre fairing , no booster rockets , and one engine on the upper stage , an Atlas V 552 has a five metre fairing , five boosters , and two engines on the upper stage .
Manon is a French opera in five acts by Jules Massenet , first performed at the OpÃ ra-Comique in Paris , on March 19 , 1884 , libretto by Henri Meilhac et Philippe Gile , after the AbbÃ Antoine-Fran Ã ois PrÃ vost 's L'histoire du Chevalier des Grieux et de Manon Lescaut .
Of the ranges extending southwestward from the Hindu Kush , the Koh-i-Baba reaches the greatest height -LRB- Shah Fuladi , 5,142 m \/ 16,870 ft -RRB- . The Safed Koh range , which includes the Tora Bora area , dominates the border area southeast of Kabul .
The Cucurbitales are an order of flowering plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons .
Specifically , the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species , such as squash , pumpkin -LRB- both from Cucurbita -RRB- , watermelon -LRB- Citrullus vulgaris -RRB- , melon and cucumber -LRB- both Cucumis -RRB- .
The large families of Cucurbitales include several economically important plants .
This order mostly belongs to tropical areas , with limited presence in subtropic and temperate regions .
The order includes various shrubs and trees , together with many herbs and climbers .
His work on the nude beaches in France and California has been the subject of disputes .
Jock Sturges -LRB- born 1947 -RRB- is an American photographer .
The Indian Ocean race of the Red-billed Tropicbird , P. a. indicus , was at one time considered a full species , the Lesser Red-billed Tropicbird from Pakistan and the western Republic of India .
The Red-billed Tropicbird , Phaethon aethereus , also known as the Boatswain Bird is a tropicbird , one of three closely related seabirds of tropical oceans .
Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan .
Subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page -LRB- such as the talk page of either this nomination or the nominated user -RRB- .
Please do not modify it .
No further edits should be made to this page .
The above adminship discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion .
Alekine wrote over twenty books on chess .
The IUCN Red List -LRB- also IUCN Red List of Threatened Species -RRB- is a list of species .
This is called its conservation status . This list is put together each year by the World Conservation Union .
Yu Eto -LRB- born 17 October 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Sagan Tosu .
Walter William Walsh -LRB- April 30 , 1897 to January 15 , 1966 -RRB- was a Major League Baseball player .
Walsh only played two games , never getting an at-bat for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1920 .
He was used as a pinch runner in the two games he played .
As a probability distribution it is usually called Cauchy distribution . Physicists know it as a Lorentz distribution .
As a probability distribution it is usually called Cauchy distribution .
The Cauchy-Lorentz distribution ' -LRB- after Augustin-Louis Cauchy and Hendrik Lorentz -RRB- is a continuous probability distribution .
Makoto Atsuta -LRB- born 16 September 1976 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In computer science , ZISC stands for Zero Instruction Set Computer , which refers to a chip technology based on pure pattern matching and absence of micro-instructions .
Mexico Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
Hasan Å aÅ -LRB- born 1 August 1976 -RRB- is a former Turkish football player .
John Henry Foster `` Jack '' Babcock -LRB- born 23 July 1900 - 18 February 2010 -RRB- was the last living Canadian veteran who fought in the First World War .
In spite of its roots , savate is a sport relatively safe in order to learn .
According to USA Savate , savate is in the lower places of injuries when is compared with the soccer , football , hockey , gymnastics , basketball , baseball and speed skating .
By that reason he trained himself in boxing during two years and in 1832 he combined boxing with chausson and savate in order to create such sport of savate boxe franÃ aise as we know it today .
Savate , also known as boxe franÃ aise -LRB- French boxing -RRB- or French kickboxing , is a French martial art - a kind of boxe pieds-poings - which use the hands and the feet as weapons and includes elements of Western boxing , techniques of grappling and techniques of leg -LRB- only with the feet : neither knee , nor shin -RRB- .
In spite of its roots , savate is a sport relatively safe in order to learn . According to USA Savate , savate is in the lower places of injuries when is compared with the soccer , football , hockey , gymnastics , basketball , baseball and speed skating .
Paullina is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The Red Army Faction or RAF -LRB- German Rote Armee Fraktion -RRB- , was one of postwar West Germany 's most active and prominent militant left-wing groups .
The RAF was formally founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader , Gudrun Ensslin , Horst Mahler , Ulrike Meinhof , Irmgard MÃ ller and others .
It described itself as a communist `` urban guerrilla '' group engaged in armed resistance , while it was described by the West German government as a terrorist group .
The Vectrex is a video game console created by Smith Engineering . The Vectrex is the only console of it 's kind to use vector graphics .
Dr. Peake 's mother was an Army nurse , and his brother was a naval aviator .
Peake grew up in a US military family .
In 2004 , he retired after 42 years in the United States Army .
At the age of 18 , he joined the Army when he was accepted to West Point .
Awards and decorations that Lt. Gen. Peake has received include the Distinguished Service Medal , Silver Star , Defense Superior Service Medal , Legion of Merit -LRB- with three oak leaf clusters -RRB- , Bronze Star with `` V '' device -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Purple Heart -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Meritorious Service Medal -LRB- with two oak leaf clusters -RRB- , Air Medal , Joint Services Commendation Medal , Army Commendation Medal with `` V '' device -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Humanitarian Service Medal , the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal , Combat Infantryman Badge , Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation , Joint Meritorious Unit Award -LRB- with one oak leaf cluster -RRB- , Senior Parachutist Badge , Pathfinder Badge , Ranger Tab , Combat Medic Badge and Army Staff Identification Badge .
After retiring from the Army , Dr. Peake served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Project Hope , a non-profit international health foundation operating in more than 30 countries .
His father joined the Army as an enlisted man , and became an officer who spent most of his 30-year career in the Medical Service Corps .
Peake received his Bachelor of Science degree from U.S. Military Academy at West Point in 1966 and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army Infantry .
While at Project HOPE he helped to supervise the use of civilian volunteers aboard the Navy Hospital Ship Mercy as it responded to the Tsunami disaster in Indonesia and also as part of the Hurricane Katrina response aboard the Hospital Ship Comfort .
He retired from the Army in 2004 , as a Lieutenant General .
James Benjamin Peake -LRB- born June 18 , 1944 -RRB- was United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from 2007 to 2009 .
Peake served for four years as the United States Army Surgeon General .
He was awarded a medical doctorate in 1972 .
Just before to his nomination as Secretary of Veterans Affairs , Peake served as a member of the Board of Directors for QTC , one of the largest private providers of government-outsourced occupational health and disability examination services in the United States .
After Vietnam , he attended Cornell University 's Weill Cornell Medical College .
He was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 14 , 2007 and sworn in at VA headquarters by Vice President Dick Cheney on December 20 .
Peake 's selection as VA secretary was announced on October 30 , 2007 .
He also served as the 40th Surgeon General of the United States Army .
Following service in Vietnam with the 101st Airborne Division where he was awarded the Silver Star , a Bronze Star with â Vâ device and the Purple Heart with oak leaf cluster , Peake entered medical school at Cornell University in New York .
Key assignments include Commander , U.S. Army Medical Department Center and School and Installation Commander , Fort Sam Houston , Texas ; Deputy Commander , U.S. Army Medical Command , Fort Sam Houston , Texas ; Commanding General , Madigan Army Medical Center\/Northwest Health Service Support Activity , Tacoma , Washington ; Commanding General , 44th Medical Brigade\/Corps Surgeon , XVIII Airborne Corps , Fort Bragg , North Carolina ; Deputy Director , Professional Services\/Chief , Consultant , Office of the Surgeon General , Falls Church , Virginia ; Commander , 18th Medical Command and 121st Evacuation Hospital\/Command Surgeon , Seoul , Korea ; Deputy Commander for Clinical Services , Tripler Army Medical Center , Honolulu , Hawaii ; Assistant Chief , Cardiothoracic Surgery , Brooke Army Medical Center , Fort Sam Houston , Texas ; Staff General Surgeon\/Chief , General Surgery Clinic , DeWitt Army Hospital , Fort Belvoir , Va. ; and General Surgery Resident , Brooke Army Medical Center , Fort Sam Houston , Texas .
He also served as commander of several Army medical units .
Peake was born in Saint Louis , Missouri .
He is also a graduate of the United States Army War College , in 1988 .
Michio Yasuda -LRB- born 10 November 1949 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Schrock is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , National Academy of Sciences and was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University in 2007 .
Schrock carbenes are named after Schrock .
Schrock was the first scientist to make sense of ` black box ' olefin metathesis .
He was given a B.A. degree in 1967 -RRB- from the University of California , Riverside and a Ph. D. , in 1971 , from Harvard University .
In 2005 Professor Schrock received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , along with Robert H. Grubbs and Yves Chauvin , for his work on olefin metathesis , which is a method of organic synthesis .
In 1972 , he began working for George Parshall in the Experimental Station of the E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company in Wilmington , Delaware .
He married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children , Andrew and Eric .
At Harvard he was a student of J. A. Osborn .
Nancy Schrock is the Thomas F. Peterson , Jr. .
Schrock now works as the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology -LRB- MIT -RRB- . He has worked there since 1989 .
Richard Royce Schrock -LRB- born on January 4 , 1945 -RRB- is an American Professor of Chemistry . He was awarded the Nobel Prize for chemistry in 2005 for his work on the metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry .
Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries .
Professor Schrock was born in Berne , Indiana , and went to Mission Bay High School in San Diego , California .
He joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and became a professor in 1980 .
The family live in Winchester , Massachusetts .
Composers such as Orlando Gibbons , John Blow and Henry Purcell wrote voluntaries , although sometimes they preferred to use other titles such as fancy -LRB- an English form of the Italian word fantasia -RRB- , or even fugue .
The music that an organist plays before and after a service is always called a voluntary .
In music a voluntary is a piece of music , usually for organ , which is played as part of a church service .
However , these fugues were not composed in the proper fugue style : they just started off with imitation as in a fugue , but continued in a freer style .
The title was often used by English composers in the late Renaissance or Baroque periods for a piece of organ music that was free in style , i.e. it did not have to be composed in a strict form such as sonata form or a fugue .
The word â voluntaryâ can be used for the title of a piece of music .
Myspace is popular with young people . Myspace 's head office is in New York City .
Myspace is a social networking website owned by News Corp. .
Many parents do not like Myspace .
Eiji Takada -LRB- born 21 October 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is the largest citrus fruit , ranging from the size of an extra-large grapefruit to the diameter of a basketball , and usually weighing between 1 and 2 kg .
It is usually pale green to yellow when ripe , with sweet white -LRB- or , more rarely , pink or red -RRB- flesh and very thick spongy rind .
The Pomelo -LRB- Citrus maxima or Citrus grandis -RRB- , is a citrus fruit native to South East Asia .
The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association -LRB- BGEA -RRB- is an organization founded by Rev. Billy Graham in 1950 .
The purpose of the BGEA is to tell the gospel of Jesus Christ to as many people as they can .
A medical illustrator or medical artist is an artist that professionally works to use art to help to explain and record knowledge related to biology and medicine .
In the late 1890s , Max BrÃ del , who was an artist from Leizpig , was brought to the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine to draw pictures for several notable clinicians , including Harvey Cushing , William Halstead , and Howard Kelly .
As a job , medical illustration has a more recent history .
They do n't only make these things , but they can also work as consultants or administrators in the field of biocommunication .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,332 people , 4,931 households , and 3,535 families living in the county .
As of November 2008 , there are 9074 registered voters , the Democratic Party 's 5529 members -LRB- 61 % -RRB- hold a large advantage over the Republican Party 's 2853 members -LRB- 31 % -RRB- .
The median age was 40 years .
There were 7,587 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile -LRB- 5\/km Â -RRB- .
Gulf County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
Males had a median income of $ 27,539 versus $ 20,780 for females .
Gulf County is heavily Democratic .
Gulf County , created in 1925 , was named for the Gulf of Mexico .
Its county seat is Port St. Joe , Florida .
25.50 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 11.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2005 estimate for the county is 13,975 .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,276 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,289 .
Other examples include Idaho County , Idaho , and Malheur County , Oregon , having parts in both Mountain and Pacific Time Zones as well as Cherry County , Nebraska which is in both the Mountain and Central Time Zones .
The population density was 24 people per square mile -LRB- 9\/km Â -RRB- .
As of 2000 , the population was 13,332 .
2.03 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
However , the county tends to vote Republican in statewide and national elections .
In 2004 , Gulf County re-elected President George W. Bush by a 2 to 1 margin .
The per capita income for the county was $ 14,449 .
Despite remaining a Democratic stronghold , In the 2008 Presidential election John McCain carried the county with 69 % of the vote .
Gulf County is one of a few counties in the United States to be in two time zones , Eastern and Central in this case .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 116.70 males .
For every 100 females there were 114.60 males .
Wewahitchka was its first county seat and the 1927 Gulf County Courthouse is still there .
The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.87 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 744.59 s , of which 554.60 s -LRB- or 74.48 % -RRB- is land and 190.00 s -LRB- or 25.52 % -RRB- is water .
The racial makeup of the county was 79.89 % White , 16.94 % Black or African American , 0.65 % Native American , 0.40 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 0.53 % from other races , and 1.55 % from two or more races .
About 13.70 % of families and 16.70 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.80 % of those under age 18 and 14.10 % of those age 65 or over .
In 1965 , the county seat was moved to Port Saint Joe , which under its original name Saint Joseph , had been the site of Florida 's first Constitutional Convention in 1838 .
Republican Steve Southerland represents the county in the US House of Representatives .
In the county the population was spread out with 21.70 % under the age of 18 , 6.80 % from 18 to 24 , 29.40 % from 25 to 44 , 26.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.20 % who were 65 years of age or older .
There were 4,931 households out of which 28.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.50 % were married couples living together , 11.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.30 % were not related .
iCarly is an American teen sitcom with Miranda Cosgrove , Jennette McCurdy , Nathan Kress and Jerry Trainor . The show is about a teenager , Carly Shay -LRB- Cosgrove -RRB- , that lives with her brother Spencer -LRB- Trainor -RRB- .
Tin -LRB- IV -RRB- bromide , also known as stannic bromide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is SnBr4 .
Delta Junction is a city in Alaska .
The story is about Laura Timmins , a teenage girl from the village of Lark Rise who is sent by her parents to work as an assistant at the post office in the nearby town of Candleford . The post office is run by Miss Dorcas Lane , who is a cousin of Laura 's mother .
Lark Rise to Candleford British television costume drama series , adapted by the BBC from Flora Thompson 's trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside .
The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD .
Thomas Linke -LRB- born 26 December 1969 -RRB- is a former German football player for the German national team .
He plays as a scrum-half .
Chris Leck -LRB- born 21 May , 1986 in Manchester , England -RRB- is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership .
West served as acting Secretary from January 2 , 1998 to May 5 , 1998 .
When the position of Secretary is vacant , the United States Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs or another person picked by the President serves as Acting Secretary until the President picks and the United States Senate confirms a new Secretary .
The United States Secretary of Veterans ' Affairs is the head of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs , the department in charge of taking care of the affairs of war veterans .
He was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on January 20 , 2009 .
On December 8 , 2008 , President Barack Obama announced that he would pick retired army General Eric Shinseki to be the Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
The Secretary is a member of the Cabinet and second to last at 17th in the line of succession to the presidency -LRB- the position was last until the United States Department of Homeland Security was added in 2006 -RRB- .
Acting secretary .
To date , all appointees and acting appointees to the post have been United States military veterans , but that is not a requirement to fill the position .
During sexual arousal each gland makes a clear liquid known as pre-ejaculate or `` pre-cum '' .
This fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for sperm to pass through . It also helps clean out any urine or dirt .
They are like Bartholin 's glands .
A bulbourethral gland -LRB- or Cowper 's gland -RRB- is one of two small glands found in the reproductive system of human males .
The Cyrillic letter lj -LRB- Ð , Ñ -RRB- was similar to Ð and Ð and active member of words that participate in : palatal lateral \/ Ê \/ , a sound similar -LRB- but not equal -RRB- to the palatalized alveolar lateral represented by the digraph Ð Ð \/ lÊ \/ .
Bayel is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The station is located in Travelcard Zone 2 .
Limehouse Police Station is nearby , as is St Anne 's Church , built by Nicholas Hawksmoor and boasting London 's tallest church clock tower .
The DLR station was built midway between the site of the old Limehouse and West India Docks stations on the disused London and Blackwall Railway .
To the west is Limehouse station , whilst to the east the DLR splits , with one branch going to Poplar station and the other to West India Quay station
Westferry DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- , in the Limehouse district of east London .
It is a right tributary of the River RhÃ ne .
The SaÃ ne is a river of eastern France .
It rises in the Vosges department . It joins the RhÃ ne in Lyon .
ARIA holds annual award ceremonies called the `` ARIA Music Awards '' where prizes are given for Australian music .
ARIA holds annual award ceremonies called the `` ARIA Music Awards '' where prizes are given for Australian music . It also runs the `` ARIA Charts '' which list the most popular songs and albums in Australia each week .
She was the daughter of Powhatan , the chief Powhatan tribes that had over 14,000 Indians . John Smith said that he was captured by a group of Powhatan hunters .
In March 1617 , John Rolfe and Pocahontas got on a ship to return to Virginia , but Pocahontas became very sick and died .
When Pocahontas was living with the English , she met John Rolfe . John Rolfe loved Pocahontas , and they were married .
Pocahontas would go to the settlement to play games with the boys there .
She was a daughter of Wahunsunacock -LRB- also known as Chief or Emperor Powhatan -RRB- . He was the king of an area called the Tidewater region in Virginia -LRB- called Tenakomakah at the time -RRB- for a while .
After she was baptized , Pocahontas took the English name `` Rebecca '' .
John Smith did not meet Pocahontas when she was in England .
Pocahontas -LRB- born around 1595 â `` buried on March 21 , 1617 -RRB- was an Native American woman who married an Englishman , John Rolfe , and became a celebrity in London right before she died .
Pocahontas thought that John Smith was dead until she went to England . By then , she had already married John Rolfe .
In 1609 , John Smith was hurt by a gunpowder explosion . He had to go back to England to get better .
When the colonists were starving , Pocahontas brought them food .
John Smith was living in London at the time Pocahontas was in Plymouth she learned that he was still alive .
The British Rail Class 108 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1958 to 1961 , with a final production quantity of 333 vehicles .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on June 26 , 2006 , from observations taken between January and April 2006 .
S\/2006 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn .
S\/2006 S 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 21,076,300 km in 1142.366 days , at an inclination of 150.8 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 128.8 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.4710 .
The village is located on The Lizard Peninsula .
Cadgwith is a village and fishing cove in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The First Epistle to the Thessalonians is the fifty-second book in the Christian Bible , and the thirteenth in the New Testament .
Chorney played four seasons of college hockey at the University of North Dakota .
After spending a season with the Kings , he was signed by the Washington Capitals but failed to earn a spot on the roster .
Marcus P. Chorney -LRB- born November 8 , 1959 in Fort William -LRB- now Thunder Bay -RRB- , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman .
He was named to the NCAA All-Tournament team in 1980 , and two first All Star teams in 1981 .
Chorney was traded to the Los Angeles Kings for a 6th round choice -LRB- Stuart Marston -RRB- in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft .
He began his playing career with the Pittsburgh Penguins who drafted him in the 6th round of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .
The 6Pul units were designated 6Cor until 1935 -LRB- the Cor designation was later used for 4Cor units -RRB- .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designations 6Pul , 6Cit and 6Pan to electric multiple units built to work the routes between London and Brighton , West Worthing and Eastbourne .
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class number .
Then , Australia 's first parliamentary elections were held for the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1843 , again with some limits on who could vote .
In 1850 elections for legislative councils were also held in the colonies of Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
In 1840 , the Adelaide City Council and the Sydney City Council were started and some people could vote for them -LRB- but only men with a certain amount of money -RRB- .
An new secret ballot was introduced in Victoria , Tasmania and South Australia in 1856 , allowing people to vote in private .
In 1855 , limited self government was granted by London to New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
In 1855 , the right to vote was given to all men over 21 in South Australia .
The Leader of the Opposition in New Zealand is the politician who leads the MPs that are not in government in the New Zealand Parliament .
Often , these relate to national security matters , which are supposed to go past party politics - the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service , for example , has to talk to the Leader of the Opposition as well as the Prime Minister about certain matters .
The Leader of the Opposition does not have a large official role , but there are several ways in which the Leader of the Opposition takes part in affairs of state .
The Leader of the Opposition also receives a higher salary than other members of the Opposition , being paid the same amount as a Cabinet Minister .
In the debating chamber the Leader of the Opposition sits directly opposite the Prime Minister .
At present , the Leader of the Opposition is Phil Goff of Labor .
Usually , the Leader of the Opposition is the leader of the largest party of the Opposition .
At age 37 , he became the Vice President of Warner Brothers , in 1973 the President and in 1977 the Vice Chairman .
Reinach is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
There are two major football teams in Å Ã dÅ : the first is called Å KS Å Ã dÅ and the second is Widzew Å Ã dÅ .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Anglicisation or Anglicization -LRB- see - ise vs - ize -RRB- is the act of changing of spoken or written elements of another language into a more understandable form for an English speaker .
Larry Wall is an American programmer , best known for creating the programming language Perl .
Josef Posipal -LRB- born 20 June , 1927 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Displacement is when the mind redirects affects -LRB- thoughts , emotions , desires , etc. -RRB- from one object felt to be dangerous or unacceptable to an object felt to be safe or acceptable .
Carbon dioxide -LRB- CO2 -RRB- is a gas .
Plants use carbon dioxide to make food .
Vehari Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
British rule of a large area of Indian territory began with Robert Clive 's win over the Nawab of Bengal , Siraj ud-Daulah , at the Battle of Plassey in 1757 .
The win gave the British East India Company dominion over Bengal , which became the headquarters of British administration in the sub-continent .
After the Indian rebellion of 1857 -LRB- known as the `` Mutiny '' -RRB- , the British government took direct control away from the East India Co. , and got its imperial capital at Calcutta , the city founded by the Company .
Cordebugle is a commune .
Mory , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
FilliÃ vres is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Hiroyuki Tazawa -LRB- born 29 April 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Camaret-sur-Aigues is a commune of 3,553 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Chaudhry Rahmat Ali or Rehmat Ali Khan -LRB- November 16 , 1897 - February 12 , 1951 -RRB- was an Indian Muslim who was one of the first people to ask for the creation of the state of Pakistan .
Erich Beer -LRB- born 9 December , 1946 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Hansell is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The physics affecting the bullet once it leaves the barrel , is called ` external ballistics ' .
The primary factors affecting the aerodynamics of a bullet in flight are the bullet 's shape and the rotation imparted by the rifling of the gun barrel .
The make-up and density of the target material , the angle of incidence , and the velocity and make-up of the bullet itself are all factors .
Mould manufacturers such as RCBS , Paul Jones Moulds , and David Mos offer many different calibers and designs .
Bullets must be produced to a high standard , as surface imperfections can affect firing accuracy .
With a mould , bullets can be made at home for reloading one 's own ammunition , where local laws allow .
Bullets must have a surface which will form this seal without causing excessive friction .
Actual bullet shapes are many and varied , and an array of them can be found in any reloading manual that sells bullet moulds .
Cast and jacketed bullets are also commercially available from numerous manufacturers for hand loading and are much more convenient than casting bullets from bulk lead .
The bullet must also engage the rifling -LRB- spiral marks on barrel -RRB- without damaging the gun 's bore .
These unstable bullets tumbled erratically and provided only moderate accuracy , however the aerodynamic shape changed little for centuries .
Bullets are generally designed to penetrate , deform , and\/or break apart .
They must form a seal with the gun 's bore -LRB- inner surface of barrel -RRB- .
Bullet designs have to solve two primary problems .
Bullet design affects what happens when a bullet hits an object .
These interactions between bullet and bore are termed ` internal ballistics ' .
Any asymmetry in the bullet is largely canceled as it spins .
With smooth-bore firearms , a spherical shape was optimum because no matter how it was oriented , it presented a uniform front .
Rotational forces stabilize the bullet gyroscopically as well as aerodynamically -LRB- spinning keeps it on track -RRB- .
Hand-casting , however , is only time - and cost-effective for solid lead bullets .
If a strong seal is not achieved , gas from the propellant charge leaks past the bullet , reducing efficiency .
For a given material and bullet , the strike velocity is the primary factor determining the result .
Portulacaceae is a family of flowering plants , comprising about 20 genera with about 500 species , ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs .
ChÃ riennes is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He was best known for his role as Mike Brady on The Brady Bunch .
Hypoglycemia is a condition that involves lower than normal blood sugar .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Hurricane Fran sept 1996 . jpg thumb -LRB- 750x600 -RRB- px right Hurricane Fran heading for North Carolina -RRB- -RRB- Hurricane Fran was a devastating hurricane during the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season .
Robert Pereira da Silva -LRB- born 10 April 1985 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
A subdomain is the portion shown before a domain name , separated by a dot
San Diego Comic-Con International , also known as Comic-Con International : San Diego -LRB- as given on its website -RRB- , and as Comic-Con or the San Diego Comic-Con , was created in 1970 from Shel Dorf and a group of San Diegans .
The oldest monumental architecture at the site dates to the 4th century BC .
After the end of the Late Classic Period , no new major monuments were built . Some palaces were burned and the population declined .
Tikal -LRB- or Tikâ al , according to modern orthography -RRB- is the largest of the ancient ruined cities of the Maya civilization .
The reliance on seasonal rainfall made Tikal open to drought . This is now thought to play a major part in the Classic Maya Collapse .
In this period , Tikal was in charge of the Maya region politically , economically , and militarily . This is because it was linked with areas throughout Mesoamerica , such as central Mexican , the center of Teotihuacan .
The ruins are on lowland rainforest , but Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored underground .
However , Tikal did well with intense agricultural techniques . These were more advanced than the slash & burn methods originally theorized by archeologists .
Archaeologists working in Tikal during the last century used the underground facilities to store water for their own use .
Dark Angel tells the story of the life of Max Guevara -LRB- X5-452 -RRB- , a genetically enhanced super-soldier , portrayed by Jessica Alba as an adult , and Geneva Locke as a child .
Dark Angel is an American science fiction television series created by James Cameron and Charles H. Eglee , which ran from 2000 to 2002 on the FOX network .
The program is set in Seattle , Washington , but was actually filmed in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada at Lions Gate Studios .
The American lobster -LRB- Homarus americanus -RRB- is a species of lobster are found in the Atlantic Ocean on the east coast of North America .
jpg thumb -LRB- 800x450 -RRB- px right A 2008-2010 Chrysler Town & Country -RRB- -RRB- Chrysler Town & Country is a family minivan made by Chrysler .
It was first sold in 1990 . This vehicle is a luxury variant for Dodge Grand Caravan , the Volkswagen Routan and Chrysler Grand Voyager .
Miguel Torres GÃ mez -LRB- born 28 January 1986 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Getafe .
The Law of Three Stages , is an idea created by Auguste Comte .
Ryoichi Kawakatsu -LRB- born 5 April 1958 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
It has the option of adding two child seats , installed in the baggage area .
The Cessna 182 , marketed under the name Skylane , is a four-seat , single-engine , light airplane .
Introduced in 1956 , the 182 has been produced in a number of variants , including a version with retractable landing gear , and is the second most popular Cessna model , after the 172 .
Fame â `` The Musical -LRB- based on the 1980 movie by Alan Parker -RRB- is a musical which was created and developed by David De Silva .
Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Short-tailed Shearwater , Puffinus tenuirostris , is a kind of bird . It can also be called Yolla or Moonbird , and is commonly known as the muttonbird in Australia .
Neola is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Varuna completes one rotation in about 3.17 hours -LRB- or 6.34 hours , depending on whether the light curve is single or double-peaked -RRB- .
20000 Varuna is a big Kuiper belt object -LRB- KBO -RRB- and could be a dwarf planet .
Given the fast rotation , which is not common for objects so big , Varuna is thought to be a stretched spheroid , with a density around 1g\/cm Â -LRB- close to the density of water -RRB- .
Russian Premier League is a football league which is top division in Russia .
Green Bay is a city in the U.S. State of Wisconsin .
It is named after Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan .
It is named after Green Bay , an arm of Lake Michigan . Green Bay is home of the Green Bay Packers that play at Lambeau field .
Black tea is a kind of tea . Often , it is stronger in taste than other varieties of tea , like green tea .
Black tea is a kind of tea .
Hershey and Chase used T2 phage , a bacteriophage , for their experiments .
The Hersheyâ `` Chase experiments were a series of experiments started in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase .
The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to it and injecting its genetic material into it .
Hershey shared the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his â discoveries concerning the genetic structure of viruses .
Melissa Gilbert is an American actress and writer .
She is famous for acting as Laura Ingalls Wilder in Little House on the Prairie -LRB- 1974-1984 -RRB- .
Talencieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Eukaryotic cells are usually much bigger than prokaryotes .
In most eukaryotes , the vesicles with proteins inside fuse with piles of flattened vesicles called the Golgi bodies , where the proteins inside are changed again .
In the complicated plants , most of the inside of a plant cell is taken up by a central vacuole . That central vacuole is the main thing that keeps osmotic pressure so the cell can hold its shape .
The proteins made by the ribosomes attached to the rough ER go to the inside the rough ER , called the lumen .
In multicellular organisms , hormones are often made in vesicles .
In eukaryotic cells , there are many things with membranes around them . All of them together are called the endomembrane system .
Many cells take in food and other things using something called endocytosis . In endocytosis , the membrane closest to the outside bends inwards and then pinches off to make a vesicle .
Simple bags , called vesicles or vacuoles , are sometimes made by budding off other membranes , just like how children make bubbles with their toys .
The cytoskeleton is made up of microtubules and microfilaments . Those parts are very important in the cell 's shape .
After that , they usually go into vesicles , which grow and pinch off from the smooth ER .
Eukaryotic DNA is put in bundles called chromosomes , which are separated by a microtubular spindle during cell division .
Below is the list of Wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the Milwaukee Bucks NBA team .
The stories that deal these characters include historical truths as well as fictional parts .
The series shows Deadwood 's growth from camp to town . It deals with ideas ranging from the creation of communities to western capitalism .
Some of the characters are fully fictional , but they may have been based on actual persons .
The series is a Western set in the 1870s in Deadwood , South Dakota .
For example , Wild Bill Hickok , Seth Bullock , Sol Star , Calamity Jane , Al Swearengen , Wyatt Earp , E. B. Farnum , Charlie Utter and George Hearst have all been used in the series .
Located north of San Jose and south of San Francisco . It is next to the cities of Palo Alto and Sunnyvale .
It is next to the cities of Palo Alto and Sunnyvale .
Mountain View is a city in California in the San Francisco Bay Area .
People who look for mushrooms to eat are called mycophagists , meaning `` mushroom eater '' . The act of looking for mushrooms is simply called `` mushrooming '' .
Network Rail is a British `` not for dividend '' company limited by guarantee whose principal asset is Network Rail Infrastructure Limited , a company limited by shares .
It is owned by the Grollo family .
Grocon Pty Ltd is a big Australian construction company based in Melbourne .
It was released on September 24 , 1990 .
Rust in Peace is the fourth album by American thrash metal band , Megadeth .
St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a catholic private highschool in Coesfeld near MÃ 1\/4 nster in Germany .
The whole school is a non-smoking area .
Baja California Sur is a state of Mexico .
Baja California Sur is a state of Mexico . It is located on the Baja California peninsula .
In October 2010 , another mining company , Swenson Granite Company , said it would buy Rock of Ages for $ 39 million .
There are around 230 people who work for the company . Rock of Ages had a profit of about $ 800,000 in 2008 .
You may use a date parameter with this template , for example to help with the categorisation of articles requiring links .
Shell Oil Company is an oil company that is one of the most popular oil and gas producers in the United States .
Its head office is in Houston , Texas .
Landen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
La Hulpe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
CÃ nac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Mac OS X Lion is an operating system that will be the eighth version of Apple 's Mac OS X software line .
Lion was unveiled to the public at Apple 's `` Back to the Mac '' event on October 20 , 2010 .
Some new features were announced at the `` Back to the Mac '' keynote , however more features are expected to be revealed closer to the release date .
Cannelton is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .
GreceÅ ti is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
It is seen by some as a remake of a German movie from 1951 , called Fanfaren der Liebe .
Some Like It Hot is a 1959 comedy movie starring Marilyn Monroe and Jack Lemmon , and directed by Billy Wilder .
Rui Komatsu -LRB- born 29 August 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Cerezo Osaka .
Zudausques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Clear Creek is a town in Eau Claire County , Wisconsin , United States .
The communities of Allen , and Foster can be found in Clear Creek .
A RÃ pÃ titeur is a musician who helps opera singers to learn their parts for an opera .
In ballet , a rÃ pÃ titeur teaches the steps and interpretation of the roles to some or all of the company performing a dance .
The word RÃ pÃ titeur is a French word which comes from the verb `` rÃ pÃ ter '' meaning : `` to repeat '' . The meaning here is `` to rehearse '' , because when a musician rehearses -LRB- practices -RRB- he will go over the music many times until he has learned it really well .
In the decimal system -LRB- which is base 10 -RRB- , each digit is how many of a certain power of 10 are needed to get the value .
Some numeral system need more than ten digits .
In 1966 , Howard wrote and released her first single of the year , `` Evil on Your Mind '' .
In the mid-60s , Jan Howard was not acquiring any significant hits .
Soon an album of the same name was released that year , featuring Howard 's big hit .
The song hit the Top 5 on the Billboard Country music charts , peaking at No. 5 there .
She believes he 's thiking of having an affair , which she calls , `` evil on your mind '' .
The song was written by Howard , and talked of her troubled marriage to legendary singer-songwriter , Harlan Howard .
Only one of her songs hit the Top 20 , which was in 1960 with , `` The One You Slip Around With '' , which hit No. 13 .
The song has been featured the in the book , Heartaches By the Number : The 500 Greatest Country Singles .
A follow-up single was released that titled , `` Bad Seed '' which hit the Top 10 that year , proving a successful follow-up for Howard .
`` Evil on Your Mind '' is the name of a popular Country music song , originally made famous by Grand Ole Opry star , Jan Howard in 1966 .
The song set the stage for a number of Top 20 and Top 10 hits Howard would have as a solo and duet artist between 1966 and 1971 .
A rock music group titled , The Stumbleweeds recorded Howard 's `` Evil on Your Mind '' .
The song talks about a husband trying to convince his wife to visit her sister out west , but the narrator -LRB- the wife -RRB- notices that something is going on , which her husband is trying to hide .
Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County , Mississippi , United States .
The population was 26,200 at the 2000 census .
It is the main city of the Pascagoula , Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area , as a part of the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula , Mississippi Combined Statistical Area .
It is the county seat of Jackson County .
RubÃ n Olivera -LRB- born 4 May 1983 -RRB- is an Uruguayan football player .
Loubens , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
English and Pashto is spoken and understood by some people
The Hindko language is widely spoken throughout the area , Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here .
Most of the people are Awans with some Abbasies , the Union Council is lead by the Nazim Malik Mushtaq Ahmed , most of the people are poor and lead a simple life .
The Union Council is subdivided into two areas Phalkot and Malsa , that include other settlements including Kutli Sehana Jandar Bari Buni Gali and Upri Kutli .
Phalkot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The Red Deer lives in most of Europe , the Caucasus Mountains region , Asia Minor and parts of western and central Asia , in Kashmir as the state animal .
They are the only species of deer in Africa . Red Deer have been introduced to other areas including Australia , New Zealand and Argentina .
The Red Deer is one of the largest deer species .
They can also be found in the Atlas Mountains region between Algeria and Tunisia in northwestern Africa . They are the only species of deer in Africa .
Red Deer have been introduced to other areas including Australia , New Zealand and Argentina .
The Red Deer is one of the largest deer species . The Red Deer lives in most of Europe , the Caucasus Mountains region , Asia Minor and parts of western and central Asia , in Kashmir as the state animal .
In many parts of the world the meat -LRB- venison -RRB- from Red Deer is widely used as a food source .
A traditional bento consists of rice , fish or meat , and one or more pickled or cooked vegetables as a side dish .
While bento are can be bought at many stores and bento shops in all of Japan , it is still considered a very important skill of a Japanese housewife to be able to prepare a good boxed lunch .
Containers for bento may be very different , from disposable mass produced to hand crafted lacquerware .
Coates was inducted into the New England Patriots Hall of Fame in 2008 .
The University of Washington is the main state University of Washington , one of the United States , along with Washington State University .
Manuel Pino is a professor at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona .
He has spoken out at many international conferences about victims of uranium mining , depleted uranium , and associated cancer deaths .
He has written about The Destructive Impact of Uranium Mining on Native American Culture .
Opposition to uranium mining has played a big role in Pino 's life .
In 2008 , Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award .
Claudio Sala -LRB- born 8 September , 1947 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom 's five National Garden Festivals .
It was held between May and October 1990 , in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear . The festival took place for 157 days .
Important members of the Vanir include :
Siloam Springs is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
The candy cane is a traditional candy of the Christmas holiday in the United States , but you can find them during the rest of the year .
A candy cane is a hard cane-shaped candy stick .
It is usually white with red stripes and tastes like peppermint . It is also made in many other flavors and colors .
Unknown Pleasures is English post-punk band Joy Division 's debut album , released in 1979 through Factory Records .
Martin Hannett produced the record at Strawberry Studios , Stockport , England
It runs from Redditch , Worcestershire , its southern terminus , to Lichfield , Staffordshire , its northern terminus . It goes through Birmingham New Street .
The Cross-City Line is a suburban railway line in the West Midlands region of England .
The Lega Pro is a governing body that governs the third and fourth football divisions in Italy .
It also has the club of San Marino in it .
A boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle .
The Pan American Games are a multi-sport event , held every four years between competitors from all nations of the Americas .
Pan American Games were going to be started in 1932 , but World War II caused the first Pan American Games to happen on 1951 .
This is the template .
The Kori salamander , Hynobius yangi , is a kind of salamander found in southeastern South Korea .
Zhytomyr is a big transportation center .
This date , 884 , is cut in the large stone of the ice age times , that stands on the hill where it was founded .
Zhytomyr is a city in Ukraine , the administrative center of Zhytomyr oblast .
The city lies on a historic way that connects the city of Kiev with the west through Brest .
Zhytomyr was also the location of Ozerne , an important Cold War strategic plane base that was situated 11 k southeast of the city .
As a legend says , Zhytomyr was founded about 884 by Zhytomyr , prince of a Slavic tribe of Drevlians .
Today it connects Warsaw with Kiev , Minsk with Izmail , and several major cities of Ukraine .
Zhytomyr is divided into two districts . It is located on the Teteriv River .
It has a total area of 1927.11 kmÂ .
Brahmanbaria District is located at the east-central region of Bangladesh .
Brahmanbaria is bordered by Kishoreganj District and Habiganj District on the north , Comilla District on the south , Habiganj District and Tripura State , India on the east and Meghna River , Kishoreganj District , Narsingdi District and Narayanganj District on the west .
Omi Sato -LRB- born 22 December 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Inca road system -LRB- El Camino Inca -RRB- of Peru was the most extensive among the many roads and trails that were constructed in pre-Columbian South America .
Because the Incas did not make use of the wheel for transportation , and did not have horses until the arrival of the Spanish in Peru in the 16th century , the trails were used almost exclusively by people walking , sometimes accompanied by pack animals , usually the llama .
The Camino Real went across the mountain ranges of the Andes , with peak altitudes of more than 5,000 m. El Camino de la Costa , the coastal trail , with a length of 4,000 km -LRB- 2,420 mi -RRB- , ran parallel to the sea and was linked with the Camino Real by many smaller routes .
It began in Quito , Ecuador , passed through Cusco , and ended in what is now TucumÃ n , Argentina .
The most important Inca road was the Camino Real , as it is known in Spanish , with a length of 5,200 km -LRB- 3,230 mi -RRB- .
A glacier is a large body of ice and snow .
There are two kinds of glaciers : continental glaciers and alpine , or mountain , glaciers .
If the electrons form a chemical bond then a line is drawn between the two electrons .
He used another pen name Katsuhiko Otsuji for novels .
Genpei Akasegawa is a pseudonym of Japanese conceptual artist Katsuhiko Akasegawa -LRB- born 1937 -RRB- .
He used another pen name Katsuhiko Otsuji for novels . He won the Akutagawa Prize in 1981 for a short story called `` Chichi ga kieta '' .
During the Weimar Republic he became known for his book and poster designs .
Among his best known pieces of that period is Junkerland in Bauernhand , a film poster designed for the DEFA .
Fiedler counts today as one of the leading poster artists of post-war East Germany .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler -LRB- 8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950 -RRB- was a German graphic designer .
The home of Kurt Fiedler was completely destroyed during Bombing of Dresden in World War II on 13 February 1945 . After the war , Kurt Fiedler belonged to the directorate of the association of fine arts in Dresden .
During World War I Fiedler served as front-line soldier in France .
After the war , Ferdinand Avenarius introduced him to the DÃ 1\/4 rerbund .
Many of his works can be found in Deutsches Historisches Museum , Akademie der KÃ 1\/4 nste and the German Federal Archive .
From 1911 to 1915 Fiedler got a grant to study as master scholar of Richard Guhr and Josef Goller .
The Nazis hindered Kurt Fiedler because he was known as an active social democrat . During World War II Kurt Fiedler served as translator for French prisoners of war .
Emmanuel Petit -LRB- born 22 September 1970 -RRB- is a former French football player .
Ludwig II -LRB- 25 August 1845 in Nymphenburg Palace â `` 13 June 1886 in Lake Starnberg -RRB- was king of Bavaria from 1864 until shortly before his death -LRB- Bavaria is now part of Germany , but at that time it was a separate country -RRB- .
The song is a rock song unlike '' -LRB- Everything I Do -RRB- I Do It for You '' . It reached # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind Prince 's `` Cream '' .
The song was the second single from Adams ' 1991 album Waking Up the Neighbours , a successor of the single '' -LRB- Everything I Do -RRB- I Do It for You '' .
This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance , Solo .
`` Ca n't Stop This Thing We Started '' is a song by Bryan Adams .
The capital is Bregenz , the biggest cities are Feldkirch and Dornbirn .
-LRB- In the Gregorian Calendar there is no year 0 -RRB- This template should handle all leap year exceptions including the 100 and 400 year rule .
To find the serial for another date fill in the date into this code :
Today 's date is .
This is the numbers of days from the start of 1 A.D. -LRB- Monday , 1 Jan 1 = 1 -RRB- .
By default this template gives the serial for today .
This template gives the Gregorian serial day .
UludaÄ is an important ski resort in Turkey .
Bursa is a city innorthwestern Turkey and the seat of the Bursa provience .
Sometimes the city calls `` YeÅ il Bursa '' which means `` Green Bursa '' because of the large parks , forests and gardens in the urban area of the city .
Armitage Shanks is made up of two older companies . Armitage started in 1817 , when Thomas Bond started a pottery at Armitage , in Staffordshire .
Its main product is toilets , but they also make bathroom fixtures and plumbing supplies .
The second company was Shanks which started making toilets at Barrhead near Glasgow , Scotland in 1878 . The two companies joined together in 1969 .
In publishing , printers are the companies that supply printing services and persons who operate directly printing presses .
Today , printers are found throughout the world .
After the invention of the moveable type printing press by Johannes Gutenberg around 1450 , printers were made popular throughout Europe .
An artist that operates a printing press to do their own works , especially by hand , is usually named by the term printmaker .
Casey Stengel was a famous baseball player and manager . He managed 3 teams in the MLB the Los Angeles Dodgers , New York Mets and the New York Yankees .
Cyperus papyrus -LRB- also known as Papyrus sedge , Bulrush or Paper reed -RRB- is a plant .
Liberia national football team is the national football team of Liberia .
Political scientists study the allocation and transfer of power in decision-making , the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations , political behavior and public policies .
They measure the success of governance and specific policies by examining many factors , including stability , justice , material wealth , and peace .
Political science is a branch of social science that is concerned with theory , description , analysis and prediction of political behavior , political systems and politics .
He plays for FenerbahÃ e and Uruguay national team .
Diego Lugano -LRB- born 2 November 1980 -RRB- is a Uruguayan football player .
In 2004 , during the band 's last concert tour , many cities around the United States picked a day to be `` Guided by Voices Day '' in that city .
Some of them are :
Guided by Voices -LRB- often called GBV -RRB- was an American indie band .
Jacob Black is a fictional character from the movies called Twilight Saga .
The character is played by Taylor Lautner .
Lavrentiy Pavlovich Beria -LRB- also spelled Lavrenty Beria -RRB- -LRB- 29 March 1899 - 23 December 1953 -RRB- was the leader of the secret police of the Soviet Union under Joseph Stalin 's regime .
It was made in 1988 and became part of Go-Ahead London in 2008 .
It was started in 1936 by the violinist BronisÅ aw Huberman when it was known as the Palestine Orchestra .
The IPO have made many recordings with Mehta , and also with Bernstein .
The orchestra gave their first concert in Tel Aviv on 26 December 1936 , and was conducted by Arturo Toscanini .
It is usually called the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra , or abbreviated IPO . In Hebrew it is written : '' -- '' '' '' , pronounced : ha-Tizmoret ha-Filharmonit ha-Yisre ` elit .
It says -LRB- identically on both sides -RRB- : IMP Â CAES Â FL Â CONSTANTINO Â MAXIMO Â P Â F Â AVGUSTO Â S Â P Â Q Â R Â QVOD Â INSTINCTV Â DIVINITATIS Â MENTIS Â MAGNITVDINE Â CVM Â EXERCITV Â SVO Â TAM Â DE Â TYRANNO Â QVAM Â DE Â OMNI Â EIVS Â FACTIONE Â VNO Â TEMPORE Â IVSTIS Â REM-PVBLICAM Â VLTVS Â EST Â ARMIS Â ARCVM Â TRIVMPHIS Â INSIGNEM Â DICAVIT
It was built in honor of Constantine I 's victory over Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge on October 28 , 312 .
The Arch of Constantine -LRB- Italian : Arco di Costantino -RRB- is an arch in Rome , found between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill .
The main inscription was made of bronze letters .
To the Emperor Caesar Flavius Constantinus , the greatest , pious , and blessed Augustus : because he , inspired by the divine , and by the greatness of his mind , has delivered the state from the tyrant and all of his followers at the same time , with his army and just force of arms , the Senate and People of Rome have dedicated this arch , decorated with triumphs .
It is the latest of the triumphal arches in Rome .
In 1967 , Karr founded the International Society of Bassists -LRB- ISB -RRB- , an organization which encourages the playing of the double bass all over the world .
Gary Karr -LRB- born 20 November 1941 -RRB- , is an American classical double bass virtuoso and teacher .
On that famous telecast , Karr performed `` The Swan '' from Carnival of the Animals by Camille Saint-Sa Ã `` ns .
In 1984 the Karr Doublebass Foundation was established by Karr , which loans instruments to promising young double bassists to help them in their careers .
After 40 years as a concert artist he retired in 2001 to Victoria , British Columbia , where he lives with his dog Shin-Ju .
In 1962 he became famous when he was a soloist in a nationally televised New York Philharmonic Young People 's Concert , conducted by Leonard Bernstein .
His sons Don Iwerks and David Iwerks worked for Disney , too .
Ub Iwerks died at age 70 in Burbank , California .
Ubbe Ert Iwwerks -LRB- March 24 , 1901 - July 7 , 1971 -RRB- , better known as Ub Iwerks , was an American animator .
Ub Iwerks was his first artist , and at this time the only one .
His sons Don Iwerks and David Iwerks worked for Disney , too . Ub 's great grandson , Michael Iwerks , works at Disney also
The New Zealand city of Dunedin is noted for producing a large number of famous people .
Many of these are natives of the city ; others traveled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago .
Carlsville is an unincorporated community of Door County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States . It is found inside of the town of Egg Harbor .
It is found between Sturgeon Bay and the village of Egg Harbor .
Olin is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The garden dormouse -LRB- Eliomys quercinus -RRB- is a rodent in the dormouse family .
In the Netherlands , it is nearly extinct . In 2007 only nine animals were found in two woods in Limburg .
They open their eyes after about eighteen days . They are nursed until they are one month old .
The babies are usually born in litters of three to seven , after a gestation period of 23 days .
This article includes information from the English Wikipedia which was originally translated from the German and French Wikipedias .
Garden dormice are often found in the Alps , in the Bavaria Forest , and in the Ore Mountains .
At night they look for food like larger insects -LRB- grasshoppers and beetle -RRB- , snails , eggs , baby birds , small mice , and spiders . They also eat berries , fruit , and nuts -LRB- like acorns and beechnuts -RRB- .
The mating period is from April to June .
Garden dormice are mostly nocturnal . They sleep in spherical nests in trees during the day .
Cannibalism sometimes happens when the animal is coming out of hibernation .
Male Garden dormice may eat a rival dormouse during the mating season .
They also think that climate change might be a reason , because it interrupts the Dormice 's hibernation .
The garden dormouse 's main habitat is the forest -LRB- and not usually gardens -RRB- , though it can also be found in fruit-growing regions .
It is very common in southern Europe , but its range -LRB- the area in can be found -RRB- goes up to the north of Europe .
While omnivorous , the diet of dormice contains a bit more animal protein than vegetation .
The garden dormouse has black eye marks , large ears -LRB- for a rodent -RRB- , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
Garden Dormice are usually 10 t in length , with the tail adding another 8 t. It weighs 60 t. The coat is gray or brown and it is white underneath .
Hallwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Many an ancient diocese , though later divided among several dioceses , preserved the boundaries of a long-vanished Roman administrative division .
Tiryns -LRB- Ancient Greek : Î Î Ï Ï
Î 1\/2 Ï -RRB- was an ancient Mycenaean acropolis -LRB- city -RRB- .
The game was first out on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996 , and then on the Wii 's Virtual Console service in 2008 .
The game also sold 1.47 million copies in Japan , which was the third best selling game in that region of 1996 .
The gameplay of Super Mario RPG is like other Square role-playing games of Chrono Trigger and the Final Fantasy series .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , -LRB- also called as Super Mario RPG in Japan -RRB- , is a role-playing game made by Square Co. -LRB- now known as Square Enix -RRB- and published by Nintendo . The game was first out on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996 , and then on the Wii 's Virtual Console service in 2008 .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars , -LRB- also called as Super Mario RPG in Japan -RRB- , is a role-playing game made by Square Co. -LRB- now known as Square Enix -RRB- and published by Nintendo .
It was , however , never far from criticism as a foreign , vulgar dance .
The follower 's steps are mirrored .
The famous ballroom dancing guru , Alex Moore , said that he had `` never seen anything uglier '' .
In the UK variations in technique led to styles such as Boogie-Woogie and Swing Boogie , with ` Jive ' gradually emerging as the generic term .
English instructors developed the elegant and lively ballroom Jive , danced to slightly slower music .
In the United States the term ` Swing ' became the most common word used to describe the dance .
Leader : Normally the male
The basic step -LRB- Jive Basic -RRB- is a six beat pattern , comprising eight weight changes .
Normally the female
The modern form of ballroom jive in the 1990s-present , is a very happy and boppy dance , the lifting of knees and the bending or rocking of the hips often occurs .
It is a lively and uninhibited variation of the earlier forms of Swing dance such as the Jitterbug .
American soldiers brought Lindy Hop\/Jitterbug to Europe around 1942 , where this dance quickly became popular among the young .
It originated in the United States from African-Americans in the early 1940s .
In 1968 it was adopted as the fifth Latin dance in International competitions .
After the war , the boogie became the dominant form for popular music .
Jive is a dance , one of the five International Latin ballroom dances .
Mont-Saint - Ã loi is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Makoto Sunakawa -LRB- born 10 August 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Consadole Sapporo .
The British Rail Class 373 or TGV-TMST train is an electric multiple unit that operates Eurostar 's high-speed rail service between Britain , France and Belgium via the Channel Tunnel .
Part of the TGV family , it has a smaller cross-section to fit within the constrictive British loading gauge , was originally able to operate on the UK third rail network , and has a lot of fireproofing in case of fire in the tunnel .
This is both the longestâ '' 394 mâ '' and fastest train in regular UK passenger service .
The San Francisco Ballet -LRB- SFB -RRB- is a ballet company , founded in 1933 as part of the San Francisco Opera Ballet .
SFB is the first professional ballet company in the United States .
The company is currently based in the War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco , California under the direction of Helgi Tomasson who has been directing it since 1985 .
However , Knuckles surprises them , and takes away the Chaos Emeralds Sonic and Tails have collected .
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is a game made by Sega in 1994 .
You can play as Sonic the Hedgehog or Miles ` Tails ' Prower , or both -LRB- Tails follows Sonic and does what Sonic does if you play this way -RRB- . Dr. Eggman is called Dr. Robotnik in the North America and Europe version of the game .
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is a game made by Sega in 1994 . You can play as Sonic the Hedgehog or Miles ` Tails ' Prower , or both -LRB- Tails follows Sonic and does what Sonic does if you play this way -RRB- .
He tricks Knuckles and tells him that Sonic and Tails are thieves and they want to steal the Master Emerald .
must be numerical , negative values are displayed with a proper minus sign .
The multiplication sign is spaced with thin non-breaking spaces .
This subtemplate gives aÃ -- 10b where a and b are given by unnamed parameters and respectively .
Wandsworth is an inner suburb of London on the south bank of the River Thames in south-west London . Wandsworth takes its name from the River Wandle , which enters the Thames at Wandsworth .
The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London .
Wandsworth takes its name from the River Wandle , which enters the Thames at Wandsworth .
In the week of April 22 , the Deluxe Edition of B ` Day and the Anthology Video album , which include the song `` Still in Love -LRB- Kissing You -RRB- '' , were pulled from distribution because of a lawsuit filed by British singer Des ` ree . The lawsuit is over BeyoncÃ 's cover of Des ` ree 's `` I 'm Kissing You '' , which was given permission , but within certain limits ; the song could not be used in video form , and the title should not be changed .
= B ` Day Deluxe Edition = Columbia Records released B ` Day - Deluxe Edition , an expanded two-CD edition of R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles 's B ` Day , on Tuesday , April 3 2007 in the U.S. and on Monday , April 23 2007 in the UK .
Gary O'Neil -LRB- born 18 May 1983 -RRB- is an English football player .
Animation Magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry , including different reviews about film and television animation , visual effects and video games .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Cadaujac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The Regina Capitals were a team in the Western Canada Hockey League until 1925 , when they moved and became the Portland Rosebuds . One year later , the league folded .
The Blackhawks have their own official fight song called , `` Here Come the Hawks ! ''
Tommy Hawk sometimes participates in the T-shirt toss and puck chuck with the fans .
In 1985 , during the Campbell Conference playoff game , a tradition was started where the Blackhawks fans would cheer and applaud loudly during the singing of the national anthem .
Jonathan Toews was named the team 's captain prior to the 2008-09 season opener which made him the third-youngest captain at the time .
On June 9 , 2010 The Blackhawks won their first Stanley Cup in 49 years when Patrick Kane scored the game-winning overtime goal as they defeated the Philadelphia Flyers in game 6 of the best-of-7 series .
The Blackhawks led the NHL in home attendance with a total of 912,155 , averaging 22,247 fans per game during to the 2008-09 season .
A song that was called `` Keys to the City '' was given to the Blackhawks organization as a gift by Ministry & Co Conspirators .
The number of attendance also included the Winter Classic at Wrigley Field which had 40,818 fans in attendance .
He wears the Blackhawks ' four feathers on his head and also wears a Blackhawks jersey and hockey pants .
Judith Weir -LRB- born 11 May 1954 in Cambridge , England -RRB- is a Scottish composer .
She has composed works for the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra . She has received many honors , including the CBE in 1995 .
From 1995 to 2000 , she was the Artistic Director of the Spitalfields Festival in London .
It is on the Seven Sisters branch of the Lea Valley Lines , and train services are provided by National Express East Anglia .
Theobalds Grove railway station serves Waltham Cross in Hertfordshire , England .
Swan Valley is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Sometimes there is also a cor anglais which sounds a fifth lower than the oboe .
Very occasionally there is also a bass oboe , which sounds an octave below the oboe .
He bats left-handed and throws right-handed .
Adam Troy Dunn -LRB- born November 9 , 1979 , in Houston , Texas -RRB- , nicknamed `` Big Donkey '' , is an American Major League Baseball first baseman , outfielder , and designated hitter for the Chicago White Sox .
Hurricane Kiko made landfall on the Gulf of California side of the Baja California peninsula .
Notable storms include Hurricanes Cosme , Kiko , and Raymond .
The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15 , 1989 in the Eastern Pacific , and June 1 , 1989 in the Central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 1989 .
Hurricane Raymond was the strongest storm of the season , but weakened significantly before landfall .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
A divergent boundary is two or more plates that move apart each other because of plate tectonics .
Torrington is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
A master recording is the first recording of a song or other sound , from which all the later copies are made .
Phosphorus trichloride is a chemical compound .
Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
New Haven is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Massoud Barzani -LRB- born 16 August , 1946 -RRB- is the first president of Iraqi Kurdistan .
The Hellenistic period began with Alexander , when Greek became the lingua franca far beyond Greece itself , and Hellenistic culture came in contact with the cultures of Persia , Central Asia , India and Egypt .
It is the period in which Greek and Roman literature -LRB- such as Aeschylus , Ovid , Homer and others -RRB- flourished .
The Roman Forum was the central area around which ancient Rome developed .
Determining the precise end of the Republic is a task of dispute by modern historians ; Roman citizens of the time did not recognize that the Republic had ceased to exist .
Successive invasions of Germanic tribes meant the thr end of the Western Empire in the 5th century , but the Eastern Empire persisted throughout the Middle Ages as the Byzantine Empire .
The Hellenistic period ended with the rise of the Roman Republic to a super-regional power in the 2nd century BC and the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC .
Respect for the ancients of Greece and Rome affected politics , philosophy , sculpture , literature , theater , education , architecture and even sexuality .
The republican period of Ancient Rome began with the overthrow of the Monarchy at about 509 BC and lasted over 450 years until its subversion , through a series of civil wars and the Imperial period .
Classical antiquity -LRB- also the classical era or classical period -RRB- is a broad term for a long period of cultural history at the Mediterranean . It includes the civilizations of Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome , known as the Greco-Roman world .
The classical period of Ancient Greece was from the fall of the Athenian tyranny in 510 BC to the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC -RRB- .
During Late Antiquity Christianity rised under Constantine I , and finally became the Roman imperial cult in 393 .
Healdton is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
It was released in movie theaters on July 25 , 2008 , and released on DVD and Blu-Ray on December 2 , 2008 .
Step Brothers is a 2008 comedy film directed by Adam McKay , produced by Judd Apatow and Jimmy Miller , and stars Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly .
The city is the capital of the district Lausanne . It is also the capital of the canton of Vaud .
After the match The Rock came back in the ring and hit the People 's Elbow on The Miz to end the show .
When the bell rang to start the rematch The Rock hit the Rock Bottom on John Cena to let The Miz pin John Cena to retain his championship . After the match The Rock came back in the ring and hit the People 's Elbow on The Miz to end the show .
At Wrestlemania , He came out after the John Cena and The Miz WWE Championship match ended in a draw and said it was `` time the people got what they want '' and restarted the match as a no disqualification match .
Adelaide is a city in Australia .
Ammon is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Southwark is the main part of the inner London Borough of Southwark .
Jack Frasure Hyles -LRB- September 25 , 1926 - February 6 , 2001 -RRB- was a important person in the independent Baptist movement . He was the pastor of the First Baptist Church of Hammond in Hammond , Indiana from 1959 until his death in 2001 .
A stalactite is a form that can be found on the ceiling of a cave . When a drop of water flows down the stalactite , the water evaporates and leaves a mineral deposit of calcite .
The Four Corners is the place in the Southwestern United States where the four corners of New Mexico , Colorado , Utah , and Arizona meet .
The Four Corners Monument is at the coordinates . .
Canine distemper is a viral disease that affects animals in the families Canidae , Mustelidae , Mephitidae , Procyonidae and some Felidae -LRB- though not domestic cats is a different virus exclusive to cats -RRB- .
It is a single-stranded RNA virus of the family paramyxovirus , and thus a close relative of measles and rinderpest .
Despite extensive vaccination in many regions , it remains a major disease of dogs .
It is most commonly associated with domestic animals such as dogs and ferrets , although it can infect wild animals as well .
Copper compounds are chemical compounds containing copper ions .
LomÃ is the capital city of Togo .
The city exports coffee , cocoa , copra , and palm kernels .
LomÃ is the administrative and industrial center of the country .
Things to see in the city include LomÃ Grand Market , the Togo National Museum in the Palais de CongrÃ s , a fetish -LRB- voodoo -RRB- market , LomÃ Cathedral , beaches and the former wharf .
Monteille is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Pitchfork Media is a daily music webzine .
Its focus is on independent music , especially indie rock .
Louis Alexandre Chiron -LRB- born 3 August 1899 in Monte Carlo , Monaco â `` died there on 22 June 1979 -RRB- was a Grand Prix driver .
Buironfosse is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
There is also a British television sitcom with the same name that is about two women in Liverpool . The play on words is increased by a second British slang meaning of the word `` bird '' to mean a young woman .
James Maury `` Jim '' Henson -LRB- September 24 , 1936 â `` May 16 , 1990 -RRB- was an American artist , puppeteer , and moviemaker . He was best known for his work with the Muppets , which he helped to create .
He was drafted out of the University of Oklahoma by the Tennessee Titans with the 96th pick in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft .
Brandon Jones -LRB- born October 6 , 1982 in Texarkana , Texas -RRB- is an American Football Wide receiver for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
ImÄ m RezÄ shrine in Mashhad , Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of ImÄ m RidhÄ , the eighth ImÄ m of Twelver Shi'ite s .
Also contained within the complex include : the Goharshad Mosque , a museum , a library , seminaries , a cemetery , a dining hall for pilgrims , vast prayer halls , and other buildings .
David JarolÃ m -LRB- born 17 May 1979 -RRB- is a Czech football player .
Rockledge is a city of Florida in the United States .
Nicholas II redirects here , for other people named Nicholas II , see Nicholas .
Men their mothers , wives , girlfriends , colleagues , etc. with flowers and small gifts .
International Women 's Day is now an official holiday in Albania , Algeria , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Brazil , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , China , Cuba , Georgia , Italy , Israel , Laos , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Macedonia , Moldova , Mongolia , Montenegro , Poland , Romania , Russia , Serbia , Tajikistan , Ukraine , Uzbekistan , Vietnam , and Zambia .
In some countries International Women 's Day is observed like Mother 's Day , where children give small gifts to their mothers and grandmothers .
Like the other Dominions , Australia gained legislative independence from the Parliament of the United Kingdom through the Statute of Westminster 1931 . This came into force in Australia in 1942 , but back dated to 3 September 1939 .
The federal nature of the Commonwealth and the structure of the Parliament of Australia were the subject of long negotiations among the colonies .
The cabinet meets not only in Canberra but also in other Australian state capitals , most often Sydney and Melbourne .
The possibility of the British Parliament making laws to overturn the Australian Constitution was also removed .
Section 2 of the Australian Constitution says that a Governor-General shall represent the Queen in Australia .
This practice has been continued by all governments except the Whitlam Government .
Each State has its own constitution , so that Australia has seven sovereign Parliaments , none of which can take over the powers of any other .
With more ministers added in the 1940s and 1950s this made the cabinet too big . In 1956 Robert Menzies created a two level ministry , with only senior ministers in the Cabinet .
The Commonwealth Parliament Offices in Sydney are located in Phillip Street .
With the Royal Style and Titles Act 1953 , the Australian Parliament gave the Queen the title Queen of Australia . In 1973 her Australian title no longer included her status as Queen of the United Kingdom and Defender of the Faith .
The Commonwealth of Australia is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy .
These `` transfer '' laws may have a `` sunset clause '' .
The third level of government after Commonwealth and State\/Territory is Local government .
The Labor Prime Ministers had a lot of influence over who was elected to Labor ministries , although the leaders small groups inside the party also had a lot of power .
The Sovereign of Australia is currently Queen Elizabeth II . She is also the Sovereign of fifteen other Commonwealth Realms including the United Kingdom .
When the Liberal Party and its predecessors -LRB- the Nationalist Party and the United Australia Party -RRB- have been in coalition with the National Party or its predecessor the Country Party , the leader of the junior Coalition party has had the right decide his party 's members of the Coalition ministry , and to work with the Prime Minister to give them their responsibilities .
The Legislature makes the laws , and supervises the activities of the other two arms with a view to changing the laws if needed .
Members of the Executive Council are entitled to be styled `` The Honourable '' , a title which they retain for life .
The Constitution of Australia does not mention the Cabinet , and its decisions have no legal force .
His party won the election and he chose the ministry , as he said he would .
The proposal was defeated .
The Judiciary interprets the laws , using as a basis the laws as enacted and what was said in the Legislature while the laws were being passed .
The Governor-General retains reserve powers similar to those possessed by the Queen in the United Kingdom .
The Commonwealth Parliament can propose changes to the Constitution .
Section 51 of the Constitution sets out the Commonwealth Government 's legislative powers and gives certain powers and responsibilities -LRB- known as `` heads of power '' -RRB- to the federal government .
When the non-Labor parties have been in power , the Prime Minister has made all Cabinet and ministerial appointments .
The largely uninhabited Coral Sea Islands was set up as a Territory of the Commonwealth in 1969 . The Ashmore and Cartier Islands has been a territory since 1933 run under the laws of the Northern Territory .
Section 61 of the Constitution says that ` The executive power of the Commonwealth is vested in the Queen and is exercisable by the Governorâ ` General as the Queenâ s representative , and extends to the execution and maintenance of this Constitution , and of the laws of the Commonwealth ' .
Australian law is now only decided on in Australia , and the High Court of Australia is the highest court of appeal .
The Commonwealth of Australia was formed in 1901 when the six self-governing British colonies , agreed to join together as one nation . These colonies became the six states of Australia .
The Governor-General represents Australia internationally , making and receiving State visits .
The members of the House of Representatives are elected by preferential voting from single-member areas spread among the states and territories roughly in proportion to population .
In practice , the Governor-General carries out all the tasks usually done by a head of state , without asking the Queen .
These are rarely exercised , but during the Australian constitutional crisis of 1975 Governor-General Sir John Kerr used them independently of the Queen and the Prime Minister .
Prior to the 2007 general election , Kevin Rudd , said that he and he alone would choose the ministry if he become Prime Minister .
The Federal Executive Council consists of the Governor-General , the Prime Minister and Ministers .
There are times when the government acts in a `` caretaker '' capacity , principally in the period prior to and immediately following a general election .
The legislatures of these territories have powers given to them by the Commonwealth . The Commonwealth Parliament keeps the power to overturn territorial legislation and to give or take powers .
That is why there is always a member of the ministry holding the title Vice-President of the Executive Council .
All members of the ministry must be sworn as members of the Federal Executive Council . This council is chaired by the Governor-General and which meets solely to approve and give legal force to decisions already made by the Cabinet .
The written agreement is the Australian Constitution . This was written at a Constitutional Convention and voted for by the people of the colonies .
This can be done by an amendment to the Constitution through a referendum .
The Australian Parliament is bicameral , made up of the Queen , a 76-member Senate and a 150-member House of Representatives .
General elections are held at least once every three years .
The question of whether the Queen is Australia 's head of state became a political one during the 1999 Australian republic referendum , when opponents of the move to make Australia a republic claimed that Australia already had an Australian as head of state in the person of the Governor-General , who since 1965 has invariably been an Australian citizen .
Though in many respects the Governor-General is the Queen 's representative , and exercises various constitutional powers in her name , they are also independently vested with many important constitutional powers by the Constitution .
In the Westminster system , the leader of the political party or group of parties that holds the support of a majority of the members in the House of Representatives is asked to form a government and is named Prime Minister .
The Australian Republican Movement continues to call for an end to the monarchy in Australia , opposed by Australians for Constitutional Monarchy .
In 2009 Prime Minister Kevin Rudd called the Governor-General the Australian head of state . He said an overseas visit by Quentin Bryce '' ... to Africa of this scale by Australia 's Head of State will express the seriousness of Australia 's commitment '' .
The former Governor-General , Major General Michael Jeffery , said in 2004 : `` Her Majesty is Australia 's head of state but I am her representative and to all intents and purposes I carry out the full role . ''
In practice , the role of head of state of Australia is divided between two people , the Queen of Australia and the Governor-General of Australia . The Governor - General is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia .
The day-to-day business of the house is usually worked out between a senior Minister , who holds the title Leader of the House , and an Opposition frontbencher known as the Manager of Opposition Business .
The government , because it has a majority of members in the lower house of the legislature , can usually pass its legislation and control the workings of the house . The Opposition can slow down the process and obstruct government business if it chooses .
Under the Westminster system the Governor-General 's powers are almost always used on the advice of the Prime Minister or other ministers .
Instead , these territories are governed by federal laws , with Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands also having local governments .
Senators from the territories are also elected using preferential voting , however , their term of office is not fixed : it starts on the day of a general election for the House of Representatives and ends the day before the next such election day .
The Prime Minister and the Cabinet are responsible to the Parliament , of which they must be members .
Twelve Senators from each state are elected for six-year terms , using proportional representation and the single transferable vote -LRB- known in Australia as `` preferential voting '' , with half elected every three years .
However , in 2005 , he declined to name the Queen as head of state , instead saying in response to a direct question , `` The Queen is the Monarch and I represent her , and I carry out all the functions of head of state . ''
Local governments are made up of elected representatives -LRB- known as either councilor or alderman depending on the State -RRB- , usually serving on a part-time basis .
In ordinary legislation , the two chambers have the same powers , but all laws for spending money or charging taxes must come from the House of Representatives .
This was so the Senators of the smaller States could form a majority and change or even reject laws from the House of Representatives .
It is a formal body which exists to give legal effect to decisions made by the Cabinet , and to carry out various other functions .
Kevin Rudd said he wanted the Cabinet to meet in other places , such as major regional cities .
Until 1956 all members of the ministry were members of the Cabinet .
The ACT and the NT elect two senators each .
The Governor-General usually presides at Council meetings , but a Minister with the title Vice-President of the Executive Council serves as the link between the government and the Council .
The Commonwealth Constitution also says that the States can agree to give any of their powers to the Commonwealth .
In 1907 , however , the party decided that future Labor Cabinets would be elected by the members of the Parliamentary Labor Party , the Caucus . The Prime Minister would allocate their responsibilities .
While Australian citizens living in the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory are represented in the Commonwealth Parliament , Norfolk Islanders are not .
Australia has several territories , three of which are self-governing : the Australian Capital Territory -LRB- ACT -RRB- , the Northern Territory -LRB- NT -RRB- and Norfolk Island .
The Prime Minister can advise the Governor-General to call an election for the House of Representatives at any time , but Senate elections can only be held within certain periods set out in the Constitution .
The proposal would have removed the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister , but needing the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament .
The most recent general election was on 21 August 2010 .
All remaining responsibilities are kept by the six States .
The House of Representatives is elected on a basis which shows the different sized populations of the States .
In a 1999 referendum , the Australian people voted on a proposal to change the Constitution .
Before the Australia Act 1986 , and matching legislation in the parliament of the United Kingdom , some Australian cases could be sent to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council for final appeal .
Section 1 of the Australian Constitution sets up a democratic legislature , the bicameral Parliament of Australia . This is the Queen and two houses , the Senate and the House of Representatives .
But the Senate is elected on a basis of equality among the States : all States have 12 Senators , regardless of population .
To become law , the proposals must be put to a referendum of all Australians of voting age . The changes must get a `` double majority '' : a majority of all votes , and a majority of votes in a majority of States .
They have a recognized Leader of the Opposition , usually the leader of the largest party outside the government . There is also a Shadow Cabinet of Opposition members who `` shadow '' each member of the Ministry , asking questions on matters about the Minister 's responsibilities .
The Australian Constitution was written in 1901 , when the Dominions of the British Empire were not independent countries , and does not use the words `` head of state '' .
Australia 's other territories , -LRB- Jervis Bay , Christmas Island and the Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands -RRB- are not self-governing .
There are also two senators elected by voters from the Northern Territory -LRB- and including the Indian Ocean Territories , Christmas Island and the Cocos -LRB- Keeling -RRB- Islands -RRB- . Another two senators are elected by the voters of the Australian Capital Territory -LRB- including the Jervis Bay Territory -RRB- .
When the Labor first held office under Chris Watson , Watson used the right to choose members of his Cabinet .
So New South Wales has 50 members while Tasmania has only five .
As of 2000 , the population was 141,627 .
Charlotte County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
Wingo is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
These large sketches , with their free and vigorous brushwork , were revolutionary at the time .
He told Leslie , `` When I sit down to make a sketch from nature , the first thing I try to do is to forget that I have ever seen a picture '' .
Although Constable produced paintings throughout his life for the market of patrons and R.A. exhibitions , on-the-spot studies were essential .
Constable 's idea was to use nature itself , rather than imagination .
The sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
To convey the effects of light and movement , Constable used broken brushstrokes , often in small touches , which he worked over lighter passages . This gave an impression of sparkling light over the landscape .
John Constable -LRB- East Bergholt , Suffolk 11 June 1776 -- London , 31 March 1837 -RRB- was a famous English painter and artist .
p68 `` I have done a good deal of skying '' , Constable wrote to Fisher on 23 October 1821 .
When he exhibited it in 1836 , Constable appended a text to the title : `` The mysterious monument of Stonehenge , standing remote on a bare and boundless heath , as much unconnected with the events of past ages as it is with the uses of the present , carries you back beyond all historical records into the obscurity of a totally unknown period '' .
Possibly more than any other aspect of Constable 's work , the oil sketches reveal him to be an avant-garde painter , one who showed that landscape painting could be taken in a totally new direction .
`` The world is wide '' , he wrote , `` no two days are alike , nor even two hours ; neither were there ever two leaves of a tree alike since the creation of all the world ; and the genuine productions of art , like those of nature , are all distinct from each other '' .
Constable painted many full-scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes in order to test the composition in advance of finished pictures .
p110 In this habit he is known to have been influenced by the pioneering work of the meteorologist Luke Howard on the classification of clouds .
Constable once wrote in a letter to Leslie , `` My limited and abstracted art is to be found under every hedge , and in every lane , and therefore nobody thinks it worth picking up '' .
In addition to the full-scale oil sketches , Constable completed numerous studies of landscapes and clouds , to become more scientific in his recording of atmospheric conditions .
One of the most expressionistic and powerful of all his studies is Seascape Study with Rain Cloud , painted in around 1824 at Brighton , which captures with slashing dark brushstrokes an exploding shower at sea .
The oil sketches of The Leaping Horse and The Hay Wain study convey a vigor missing from his finished paintings of the same subjects .
Constable 's watercolors were also remarkably free for their time . The almost mystical Stonehenge , 1835 , with its double rainbow , is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolors ever painted .
p129 He could never have imagined how influential his honest techniques would turn out to be .
Constable 's art inspired not only contemporaries like GÃ ricault and Delacroix , but the Barbizon School , and the French impressionists of the late nineteenth century .
The The Chain Pier , 1827 , for example , prompted a critic to write : `` the atmosphere possesses a characteristic humidity about it , that almost imparts the wish for an umbrella '' .
To the sky studies he added notes , often on the back of the sketches , of the prevailing weather conditions , direction of light , and time of day , believing that the sky was `` the key note , the standard of scale , and the chief organ of sentiment '' in a landscape painting .
p128 Constable also became interested in painting rainbow effects , for example in Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows , 1831 , and in Cottage at East Bergholt , 1833 .
This template converts ONS codes to political control for English districts .
Irreducible Mind : Toward a Psychology for the 21st Century is a 2007 book .
The book talks about the scientific psychology proposed by Frederic William Henry Myers .
The authors come from various fields of psychology , science studies , and psychical research .
Lead author Edward F. Kelly is Professor of Research in the Division of Perceptual Studies at the University of Virginia .
The game also had an optional female voice .
There are six games that may be played on the Bop It !
In 2005 Hasbro copyrighted the instructions to the Bop It Blast , describing it as covered under the original -LRB- 3-input -RRB- Bop It patent and referencing other patents that were pending .
After 100 points , the victory celebration will play after reporting the score .
In 2010 , Hasbro made the next Bop It game called Bop It XT .
The game will have four difficulty levels and the same game modes as Bop It ! . Info about Bop It XT As with Bop It Extreme 2 , a headphone socket has been added to allow players to play using headphones or a loudspeaker .
The maximum score in Bratz Bop It was 200 .
After securing the copyrights to the instructions in 2009 , Hasbro made announcements regarding the newest member of the Bop It game line , entitled Bop-It !
has three difficulty levels with `` Novice '' using only voice commands , `` Expert '' using a random mix of voice and sound commands , and `` Master '' calling out voice , sound , and color commands .
In the Party mode , it is the same as pass it , except that all the Bop It commands are replaced with body parts .
The game will have four difficulty levels and the same game modes as Bop It ! .
In 2006 , Hasbro secured the copyright to a game called Bop It Download -LRB- also called Bop It Extreme Download -RRB- .
Hasbro also added a multiplayer game called `` Party '' where all the Bop It commands are replaced with body parts . .
In 2002 , Hasbro copyrighted the instructions to the Bop It Extreme 2 .
It was demonstrated at the UK Toy Fair in 2011 and it is to be released by the end of July .
If the player scores 100 points in either of the less difficult modes , the next most difficult mode is unlocked .
Bop It Download has a maximum score of 1000 and 15 difficulty levels .
The maximum score in Bratz Bop It was 200 . After 100 points , the victory celebration will play after reporting the score .
In 1998 , Hasbro copyrighted the instructions to the Bop It Extreme .
In addition to the five modes featured in Bop It Extreme 2 , a `` Light Bop '' mode was added .
This device requires 3 AA batteries to operate .
Bounce , during the 2010 Hasbro Toy Fair .
Minor vocal additions were implemented such as the announcement of the player 's score at notable landmarks -LRB- each 100 points scored -RRB- .
At the 2009 London Toy Fair , Hasbro demonstrated Bop It ! .
This newest member of the series again increased the maximum score to a total of 500 , and for the first time allowed different high scores for different modes rather than having one high score for all modes collectively .
The game can allow the player to select a male , a female or both voices calling the commands .
Info about Bop It XT As with Bop It Extreme 2 , a headphone socket has been added to allow players to play using headphones or a loudspeaker .
Hasbro also made different accent voices .
has a new optional input , `` Shout It , '' which requires a player to shout into the microphone .
Players that achieve a score of 100 points in `` Master '' mode are considered to have beaten the game .
The same victory celeration from the original bop it was used to report the 500 highest score .
Bounce including three games that emphasize the speed or number of bounces and three games that emphasize the player 's ability to control the height of the bounces .
As described in its instruction manual -LRB- copyright 2004 -RRB- , Hasbro 's Bratz-themed Bop It game uses a layout like that of the earlier -LRB- 3-input -RRB- Bop It format .
In 2008 , Hasbro secured the copyrights to the instructions for the Bop It ! .
This toy features a ball and a small hand-held trampoline .
Software can be downloaded from http://www.playbopit.com which allows users to record their own voice , upload beats and sounds .
This model is similar in appearance to Bop It Extreme however it also features the new `` Shake It '' command .
It includes the ability to download beats , and sounds .
There are also a lot of cartoons with Batman as a character , such as Superfriends , Batman : The Animated Series , Batman Beyond , and Justice League .
Batman first appeared in 1939 in Detective Comics .
There are also a lot of toys made of Batman and other characters in the world where Batman lives .
In the 1960s , a live-action television show was made of Batman and other characters from the comic books , and it may be the most popular Batman show ever made . In Batman , Adam West was the actor who was Batman and Burt Ward was the actor who was Robin .
In Batman , Adam West was the actor who was Batman and Burt Ward was the actor who was Robin . There are also a lot of cartoons with Batman as a character , such as Superfriends , Batman : The Animated Series , Batman Beyond , and Justice League .
There was a slow decline in their numbers between about 1800 and 1870 , followed by a catastrophic decline between 1870 and 1890 .
Others argue that the species had not been common in the Pre-Columbian period , but their numbers grew when devastation of the American Indian population by European diseases led to reduced competition for food .
At the time , passenger pigeons had one of the largest groups or flocks of any animal , second only to the Rocky Mountain locust .
The Passenger Pigeon -LRB- Ectopistes migratorius -RRB- or wild pigeon was a species of pigeon that was once the most common bird in North America .
Some estimate that there were three billion to five billion passenger pigeons in the United States when Europeans arrived in North America .
The term passenger pigeon in English derives from the French word passager , meaning to pass by .
Some reduction in numbers happened because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland .
In the 18th century , the passenger pigeon in Europe was known to the French as tourtre ; but , in New France , the North American bird was called tourte .
The species went from being one of the most usual birds in the world during the 19th century to extinction early in the 20th century .
Martha , thought to be the world 's last passenger pigeon , died on September 1 , 1914 , in Cincinnati , Ohio .
The passenger pigeon , or , wild pigeon was a species of bird , Ectopistes migratorius , that was once common in North America .
The primary factor emerged when pigeon meat was commercialized as a cheap food for slaves and the poor in the 19th century , resulting in hunting on a massive scale .
In modern French , the bird is known as the pigeon migrateur .
In Algonquian languages , it was called amimi by the Lenape and omiimii by the Ojibwe .
The movie premiered in Mexico City on December 21 , 1944 .
In the piÃ ata , there are many surprises .
The music of the Mexican part of the movie was written by Mexican composer Manuel Esperon , who wrote the score for over 540 Mexican movies in the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema .
The third present is a piÃ ata given to Donald by Panchito Pistoles .
It was released in the United States on February 3 , 1945 .
Walt Disney , after having seen his success in the Mexican movie industry , called him personally to ask him to participate in the movie .
The next present is a book given to Donald by Jose Carioca himself .
His most famous gag is when he re-routes the train by drawing new tracks .
He usually bothers everyone , sometimes stealing Jose 's cigar .
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 animated movie produced by Walt Disney and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures .
Throughout the movie , we see a voiceless character called the Aracuan Bird at random moments .
The seventh animated movie in the Disney animated features canon , it shows an adventure through parts of Latin America , combining live-action and animation .
The main song for the Mexican part is `` Ay Jalisco , No Te Rajes ! ''
Since the German Reunification in 1990 , Gera belongs to the Free State of Thuringia in the Federal Republic of Germany .
From 1952 to 1990 , it was the capital of the Gera District -LRB- Bezirk Gera -RRB- of the GDR .
Nagqu Prefecture -LRB- also Naqu or Nagchu -RRB- ; NÃ qÅ `` DÃ qÅ `` -RRB- is the largest prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region .
These probes were built at JPL and were funded by NASA .
It consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes , Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 .
Although they were officially used to study just Jupiter and Saturn , the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system .
Both missions have gathered large amounts of data about the gas giants of the solar system , of which little was known before .
They were launched in 1977 to take advantage of a favorable planetary alignment of the late 1970s .
Coleraine is a very large town in County Derry , Northern Ireland near to the mouth of the River Bann .
George Best Belfast City Airport to the southâ `` east , City of Derry Airport , 25 m to the west , and the main regional airport , Belfast International Airport , to the south are all relatively accessible from Coleraine .
It is 55 m northwest of Belfast and 30 m east of Derry City , both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections .
EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , Inc. is an American company known for publishing the EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , the world 's oldest encyclopedia , and also the second largest .
The `` CN '' in the tower 's name came from the Canadian National Railway , the railway company that built the tower .
Neither of these names are commonly used , though ; the tower is usually called the CN Tower .
Local residents wanted to keep the name CN Tower , though , so the abbreviation is now a shortened form of Canada 's National Tower instead of the original Canadian National Tower . Neither of these names are commonly used , though ; the tower is usually called the CN Tower .
The Burj Khalifa , while it was still being built , became taller than the CN Tower on September 12 , 2007 .
The CN Tower is a communications and tourist tower in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Panjgur -LRB- Urdu : Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ú Ù Ø -RRB- is a small town in Panjgur District , Balochistan province , Pakistan .
It is located at 26 Â 58 ' 0N 64 Â 5 ' 60E .
Tomoo Kudaka -LRB- born 14 March 1963 - died 22 September 1999 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Porza is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Ice hockey is very well-known and well-liked in Canada , Russia , Sweden , Finland , the Czech Republic , the United States , Latvia and Slovakia .
In North America , women play in the Canadian Women 's Hockey League and the Western Women 's Hockey League .
EarthEcho International is an environmental nonprofit organization founded in honor of Philippe Cousteau , by his children and widow .
It is based in Washington , D.C. .
Mohamed Atta -LRB- ' -LRB- September 1 , 1968 -- September 11 , 2001 -RRB- was a known associate of al-Qaeda and the leader of the nineteen hijackers who carried out the September 11 , 2001 attacks . He personally participated in the hijacking of American Airlines Flight 11 , the first plane to crash into the World Trade Center during the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
In 1986 , the Alex Fraser bridge was made and it connected Delta to New Westminster .
Delta is a place in British Columbia , Canada . Delta is a part of Metro Vancouver .
Delta has three towns ; Ladner , Tsawwassen , and North Delta .
Delta is next to the cities of ; Richmond to the north , Surrey to the east , and New Westminster to the north east . Delta is also next to Point Roberts to the south , Point Roberts is a part of Whatcom County , Washington , USA .
Hoverflies are harmless to most other animals despite their mimicry of the black and yellow stripes of wasps . This is an example of warning colouration which serves to ward off predators .
In other species , the larvae are insectivores and prey on aphids , thrips , and other plant-sucking insects .
As their common name suggests , they are often seen hovering or sucking nectar at flowers . The adults of many species feed mainly on nectar and pollen , while the larvae -LRB- maggots -RRB- eat a wide range of foods .
Some adult syrphid flies are important pollinators .
About 6,000 species in 200 genera have been described .
Hoverflies are common throughout the world and can be found on most continent except Antarctica .
Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year . Hoverflies are important natural enemies of these pests , and can be used in biological control .
In some species , the larvae are saprotrophs , eating decaying plant and animal matter in the soil or in ponds and streams .
Mount Adams is the second-highest mountain in the Pacific Northwest of North America . It is a volcano in the Cascade Range .
He was the son of Ealhmund .
Egbert -LRB- also spelt Ecgberht -RRB- -LRB- died 839 -RRB- was King of Wessex from 802 until 839 .
In the 780s Egbert was forced into exile by Offa of Mercia and Beorhtric of Wessex , but on Beorhtric 's death in 802 Egbert returned and took the throne .
Saint-Bois is a commune .
Deuterostomes are distingued by their embryo , in deuterostomes , the first opening -LRB- the blastopore -RRB- becomes the anus , while in protostomes it becomes the mouth .
They are a subtaxon of the Bilateria branch of the subregnum Eumetazoa , and are opposed to the protostomes .
Deuterostomes -LRB- Deuterostomia -RRB- are a superphylum of animals .
The Peugeot 508 is a automobile produced by Peugeot since 2011 .
It replaced both the smaller Peugeot 407 and the larger Peugeot 607 .
The Sega Game Gear is a handheld video game system made by the Sega Corporation .
It was released in Japan in 1990 , and then released later in Europe , the United States and Australia .
It was identified as a hydrocarbon lake and confirmed by data from the Cassini spacecraft . This discovery was announced in the 31 July 2008 edition of Nature .
Ontario Lacus is a lake filled with methane and ethane near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Titan .
Aubiac , Gironde is a commune .
Oleh Fedorovych `` Oleg '' Tverdovsky -LRB- ; born May 18 , 1976 -RRB- , is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- .
Some dark rum is splashed over the Baked Alaska , and the whole dessert is flambÃ ed while being served .
The whole dessert is then baked in a very hot oven for just long enough to cook the meringue .
The meringue is a good insulator -RCB- -RCB- , and the short cooking time prevents the heat from getting through to the ice cream .
February 1 is Baked Alaska Day .
Baked Alaska is a dessert made of ice cream on top of slices of sponge cake or Christmas pudding and covered with meringue .
Tin -LRB- IV -RRB- iodide , also known as stannic iodide and tin tetraiodide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is SnI4 .
Persian limes are less acidic than key limes and do not have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
Persian Lime -LRB- Citrus x latifolia -RRB- , also known as Tahiti lime or Bearss lime is a kind of citrus fruit .
The Persian lime became more important when key lime orchards were wiped out by a hurricane in 1926 . Persian lime orchards themselves were devastated by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .
Very often , it has slightly nippled ends . It is usually sold quite green , although it yellows as it reaches full ripeness .
U.S. Persian lime imports from Mexico are handled mostly through McAllen , Texas .
Persian limes are sold primarily in six sizes , known as 110 's , 150 's , 175 's , 200 's , 230 's and 250 's .
The Persian lime is bigger than the key lime , and has fewer seeds .
It is larger , thicker-skinned , and less aromatic than the key lime .
Large numbers of Persian limes are grown , processed and exported every year primarily from MartÃ nez de la Torre , Veracruz , Mexico , to the American , European and Asian markets .
Bowser Jr. thinks that Princess Peach is his mother and kidnaps her .
He is given a device called FLUDD -LRB- Flash Liquidizer Ultra Dousing Device -RRB- , which Mario straps on his back .
Eventually , Mario learns that Bowser Jr. , the son of Bowser , was the one who was dirtying the island .
In this game , Mario and his friends have landed in Delfino Isle for a vacation .
Super Mario Sunshine is a 2002 video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube .
Belmond is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The Federal district is the area around the national capital in some federal countries .
YÅ kai are a type of creatures appeared in Japanese old stories , such as oni -LRB- the evil -RRB- , kappa , or tengu .
There are thousands of yÅ kai .
He was the first Westerner -LRB- person from the Western Hemisphere -RRB- to discover the Niger River .
Mungo Park was a Scottish explorer of Africa . He was born in Foulshiels near Selkirk on September 11 , 1771 and died in 1806 in Yelwa , Nigeria .
He is credited with inventing many tricks , including the flat-ground Ollie -LRB- originally called the ` ollie pop ' -RRB- , the kickflip -LRB- originally called `` magic flips '' -RRB- , the Heelflip , the 360 flip , and the Ollie Impossible -LRB- more often called the Impossible -RRB- .
Rodney Mullen -LRB- born August 17 1966 in Gainesville , Florida -RRB- is a professional freestyle skateboarder , and considered to be one of the most influential skaters in the history of the sport .
Mullen has invented many tricks .
Rodney Mullen did many of the skateboarding stunts for Christian Slater in the 1989 skateboarding movie Gleaming the Cube .
Stanford is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
In Danish cuisine they are one of the most commonly eaten fishes .
Fresh plaice is also oven-baked .
Battered plaice can also be served hot with french fries and remoulade sauce as a main dish ; this fish and chips variant is commonly available as a children 's special in Danish restaurants .
Breaded frozen plaice , ready to be baked or fried at home , are readily available in supermarkets .
European plaice -LRB- Pleuronectes platessa -RRB- is the name for a kind of fish . They are a commercially important flatfish .
Filleted , battered and pan-fried plaice is popular hot or cold as an open sandwich topping together with remoulade sauce and lemon slices .
In England they are often used as the fish in fish and chips .
La Chapelle-du-Ch Ã cents telard is a commune .
He took part in the wars of the Emperor Justinian I , and was the major historian of the 6th century AD , writing the Wars of Justinian , the Buildings of Justinian and the celebrated Secret History .
Procopius of Caesarea -LRB- , c. 500 â `` c. 565 -RRB- was a prominent Eastern Roman scholar .
Procopius was the author of a history in eight books of the wars fought by Justinian I , a panegyric on Justinian 's public works throughout the empire , and a book known as the Secret History -LRB- Greek : Anekdota -RRB- that claims to report the scandals that Procopius could not include in his published history .
A number of historical novels based on Procopius ' works -LRB- along with other sources -RRB- have been written , of which the best , Count Belisarius , was written by poet and novelist Robert Graves in 1938 .
He is commonly held to be the last major historian of the ancient world .
This article is based on an earlier version by James Allan Evans , originally posted at Nupedia .
The writings of Procopius are the primary source of information for the rule of the Roman emperor Justinian .
The show was a remake of the British sitcom Man about the House .
Three 's Company was an American situation comedy that aired on ABC network starting in March 1977 and ended September 1984 .
He is also in a band called Babyshambles .
Peter Doherty -LRB- born 12 March 1979 -RRB- is an English musician .
Chachapoyas is a province of Amazonas Region , Peru .
They are sometimes mistaken for a Siberian Husky , but in fact is quite different in many ways .
The Alaskan Malamute is a breed of domestic dog -LRB- Canis lupus familiaris -RRB- originally bred for use as an Alaskan sled dog .
Russell Dominic Peters -LRB- born September 29 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian Comedian from Toronto .
Bieber is releasing a book titled Justin Bieber : First Step 2 Forever : My Story .
Saint-Sernin is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Richard Cromwell -LRB- 4 October 1626 â `` 12 July 1712 -RRB- was the third son of Oliver Cromwell , and the second Lord Protector of England , Scotland and Ireland , for little over eight months , from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659 .
Macerata -LRB- it : Macerata -RRB- is an Italian city in Marche .
In Australia , the Za Kabuki group at the Australian National University has been performing a kabuki drama each year since 1976 ; the single longest regular kabuki performance outside of Japan .
Final Fantasy Tactics is a tactical role-playing game for the Playstation and Game Boy Advance . It was released in 1997 by Square Co. , Ltd. -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- .
Joannas is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Villandraut is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Denier , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Hamer is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Kings and queens all over Europe have had dachshunds . Queen Victoria especially liked dachshunds .
People know that dachshunds have deep and tender eyes , and that dachshunds have many facial expressions -LRB- dachshunds can communicate just with the look on their faces -RRB- .
The coat or fur of a dachshund comes in three kinds â `` smooth or short-haired , long-haired , and wire-haired . The wire-haired dachshund usually is shorter front to back than the other two .
The coat or fur of a dachshund comes in three kinds â `` smooth or short-haired , long-haired , and wire-haired .
â -LRB- In German , dachshunds are called Dackel or Teckel . -RRB-
The wire-haired dachshund usually is shorter front to back than the other two .
But the dachshund of today was bred in Europe , and it has parts of German , French , and English hounds and terriers .
Middletown is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
After his time with the Hilltops , Guebert moved on to play university football with the University of Saskatchewan Huskies .
Guebert is a member of the 2004-05 Huskie Athletics All Academic 1st Team and 2004-05 CIS Academic All-Canadian Team .
He was let go following the 2008 season .
In both 2002 and 2003 , Guebert was picked as the Prairie Football Conference Outstanding Defensive Lineman .
Guebert went to training camp with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2003 , playing in one exhibition game against Winnipeg .
He was also chosen as the Hilltops ' Outstanding Lineman in 2002 and their Outstanding Graduate in 2003 .
Guebert was signed as a free agent with Winnipeg on May 30 , 2007 and was a good special teams player .
His team played in the Vanier Cup in 2004 , 2005 , and 2006 .
Guebert played with the Saskatoon Hilltops , and he won the Canadian Junior Football League championship in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 .
Guebert went to Lutheran Collegiate Bible Institute in Outlook , Saskatchewan . His team won the six-man Saskatchewan High School Provincial Football Championship in 1998 .
He was picked as a Canada West All-Star in 2004 , and both a Canada West All-Star and First Team All-Canadian in 2006 .
Brian Guebert was born on December 19 , 1981 . He is a Canadian Football League defensive end who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the CFL .
He was selected as the Defensive MVP in the 1999 Can-Am Bowl , and was chosen as the Outstanding Defensive Lineman in the 1999 Saskatchewan Senior Bowl .
National Express East Anglia is a train operating company and brand name of London Eastern Railway Ltd in the United Kingdom .
It is part of the National Express Group and was branded as â oneâ from 1 April 2004 to 26 February 2008 .
It provides local , suburban and express services from Liverpool Street station in the City of London to destinations in the railway franchise known as the Greater Anglia network , stretching from north and east Greater London to Essex , Hertfordshire , Cambridgeshire , Suffolk and Norfolk in East Anglia .
FouchÃ res is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Its current form was adopted on 1 January 1948 .
Isle-Aubigny is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Hallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Built in 2001 , the frying pan weighs over 1,000 pounds .
Brandon is a city in Buchanan County , Iowa , United States .
The population was 311 at the 2000 census .
Brandon is home to Iowa 's Largest Frying Pan .
The Party ended up dividing into two groups , the Bolsheviks and the Mensheviks . They were called Bolsheviks because it means `` those who are more . ''
Balnot-la-Grange is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
His grandchildren included John Foster Dulles , who also became a U.S. Secretary of State , Allen Welsh Dulles , a Director of Central Intelligence , and Eleanor Lansing Dulles , economist and diplomat .
In 1895 , he helped the Qing Dynasty in drafting the Treaty of Shimonoseki of 1895 . He worked for the Chinese as a legal consultant and commissioner .
Between 1865 and 1869 , Foster worked as a journalist for the Evansville Daily Journal .
Born in Pike County , Indiana , and raised in Evansville , he was a lawyer . During the American Civil War , he was a general officer for the Union .
John Watson Foster -LRB- March 2 , 1836 â `` November 15 , 1917 -RRB- was an American general , journalist and diplomat .
He is also the great-grandfather of the Catholic theologian Cardinal Avery Dulles .
Anguidae is a family of lizards .
The current President is Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
The President of the Indonesia Republic is the head of state of Indonesia .
Takafumi Mikuriya -LRB- born 11 May 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
A second twenty-episode season ran from 17 March 2006 through 1 December .
When the show first was shown it was rated the best animated television series in its demographic ; new episodes averaged 3.1 million viewers each .
Zuko , in a change of heart , decides to defy his father and join the Avatar .
Initially the invasion proceeds as planned , but Aang fails to find the Fire Lord before the eclipse ends , because Azula knew about the invasion .
The three travel to the Northern Water Tribe so Aang and Katara can learn Waterbending .
The figure ultimately went unreleased , however , as the entire line was canceled before she could be produced .
At the Southern Air Temple Aang meets his Avatar guide , Avatar Roku .
Avatar-themed roller coasters at Nickelodeon Universe in the Mall of America and one formerly at Kings Island also appeared .
Avatar is notable for borrowing extensively from Asian art and mythology to create its universe .
Hung Gar was used for `` Earthbending '' in the series , and was chosen for its firmly rooted stances and powerful strikes to present the solid nature of earth .
Avatar : The Last Airbender -LRB- in Europe known as Avatar : The Legend of Aang -RRB- is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon .
In Magic and Mystery in Tibet , Alexandra David-Neel writes that `` a number of objects such as rosaries , ritualistic implements , books , tea-cups , etc. , are placed together , and the child must pick out those which belonged to the late tulku , thus showing that he recognizes the things which were theirs in their previous life . ''
After leaving the North Pole , Aang continue master the water with Katara .
In the United States , first two episodes of the series were shown together in a one-hour premiere event .
A hundred years later Katara , a fourteen-year-old Waterbender girl , and her older warrior brother , Sokka , free Aang and Appa from the iceberg .
Sokka has planned a small-scale invasion of the Fire Nation to capture the Fire Lord 's palace and defeat Fire Lord Ozai , taking advantage of the solar eclipse .
Zuko travels with his uncle Iroh , nicknamed `` Dragon of the West '' , a legendary Fire Nation general and the older brother of Ozai , known as `` Western Dragon '' .
In the showâ s opening , each element is accompanied by two Chinese characters : an ancient Chinese seal script character on the left representing the element being shown and a modern Chinese character on the right describing some feature of the element .
In order to avoid repetition of Aang 's adventures , the creators wanted to root the show in one place , called Republic City .
The choreographed martial art bending moves were profoundly affected by Asian cinema .
Katara revives Aang with spirit water from the North Pole , but his seventh chakra is blocked and he can not enter the Avatar State .
Dark Horse Comics released an art book titled Avatar : The Last Airbender â '' The Art of the Animated Series , on 2 June 2010 which contains 184 pages of the original art and creation behind the Avatar animated series .
Based on an Asian-influenced world of Chinese martial arts and elemental manipulation .
After some reluctance from Katara and Sokka , Team Avatar allows Zuko to join the group .
If an Avatar is killed in the Avatar State , the cycle will be broken , and the Avatar will cease to exist .
During the week of 14 July , it ranked as the most-viewed program for the under-14 demographic .
In a final confrontation , Zuko sides with Azula , who promises to restore his honor .
The final four episodes were packaged as a two-hour movie .
They expect consumers to spend about $ 121 million in 2007 , rising to $ 254 million by 2009 .
During the show 's runtime , Nickelodeon published two special issues of Nick Mag Presents dedicated entirely to the show .
With Ozai defeated , the war quickly ends .
Examples include the classical Hindu , Buddhist , and Greek elemental traditions .
The series was ranked first on Nickelodeon in Germany , Indonesia , Malaysia , Belgium , and Colombia .
Sozin 's Comet also appeared on iTunes ' top ten list of best-selling television episodes during that same week .
The show is obtainable from various sources , including on DVD , the iTunes Store , the Zune Marketplace , the Xbox Live Marketplace , the PlayStation Store , Netflix Instant Play , and on the Nicktoons Network .
Finally , the character æ '' -LRB- pinyin : qi -RRB- , which stands for air , is shown with å ' -LRB- pinyin : he -RRB- , which means peace and harmony .
Legend holds the Avatar must master each bending art in seasonal order as well , starting with their native element .
Our love for Japanese anime , Hong Kong action and kung fu cinema , yoga , and Eastern philosophies led us to the initial inspiration for Avatar . ''
Searching for a new Earthbending teacher , the group meets Toph Bei Fong , a blind Earthbending prodigy who teaches Aang how to `` see '' using earthbending and vibrations .
The show drew on elements from traditional Asian culture , blending the styles of anime and US domestic cartoons .
Each user is able to create their own character , choose a nation , and to interact with others across the globe .
An art book was also released in mid-2010 .
A third and final season , beginning September 21 , 2007 , featured twenty-one episodes rather than the usual twenty .
Avatar : The Last Airbender was popular with both audiences and critics , garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best-rated showing and receiving high ratings in the Nicktoons lineup , even outside its 6 â `` 11-year-old demographic .
The series will focus on Korra , a teenage female protagonist and current incarnation of the Avatar , who , according to the president of Nickelodeon , will be `` hotheaded , independent , and ready to take on the world '' .
Avatar : The Last Airbender was co-created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko at Nickelodeon Animation Studios in Burbank , California .
The character ç `` -LRB- pinyin : huo -RRB- , which stands for fire , is shown with ç -LRB- pinyin : lie -RRB- , which means intensity and passion .
Avatar draws on the four classical elements common to many ancient philosophies for its bending arts : Water , Earth , Fire and Air .
The Mattel-produced action figure toy line generated some controversy with its exclusion of any female characters .
In an interview , Bryan revealed that , `` Mike and I were really interested in other epic ` Legends & Lore ' properties , like Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings , but we knew that we wanted to take a different approach to that type of genre .
One who attains union with Spirit and then returns to earth to help humanity is called an avatar .
After capturing and impersonating the Kyoshi Warriors , friends of Team Avatar , Azula persuades an elite group of Earthbenders called the Dai Li to instigate a coup d' Ã tat , allowing the Fire Nation to capture Ba Sing Se .
A concept drawing of the city , released with the announcement of the series , shows the city 's design as inspired by Shanghai in the 1920s and 1930s , Hong Kong , Manhattan , and Vancouver .
According to Bryan Konietzko , the program was conceived in the spring of 2001 when he took an old sketch of a balding , middle-aged man and re-imagined the character as a child .
Each successor is expected to show signs of continuity with the previous Avatar , such as being born within a week of the death .
Zuko is crowned the new Fire Lord and , with the help of the Avatar and his friends , begins rebuilding the four nations .
Animation work was done by the Korean animation studio DR Movie .
Sozin 's Comets popularity affected online media as well ; `` Rise of the Phoenix King '' , a Nick.com online game based on Sozin 's Comet , generated almost 815,000 game plays within three days .
The Chinese characters that appear at the top of the show 's title card mean `` the divine medium who has descended upon the mortal world . ''
Traditional East Asian calligraphy styles are used for nearly all the writing in the show .
The showâ s creators based each Bending style on a style of real-world martial art , leading to visual differences in the techniques used by Waterbenders -LRB- tai chi chuan -RRB- , Earthbenders -LRB- Hung Ga kung fu , for the most part -RRB- , Firebenders -LRB- Northern Shaolin kung fu -RRB- and Airbenders -LRB- baguazhang -RRB- .
In the Hindu scriptures , avatara signifies the descent of Divinity into flesh .
For the Avatar , learning to bend their opposite element can be extremely difficult ; the example shown in the series is Aang 's inability to stand his ground head-on while Earthbending , his Airbender training having placed emphasis on circling , approaching from new angles and adapting on the fly .
A series based on Avatar : The Last Airbender is currently in development at Nickelodeon and due for release in 2011 .
Zuko catches up with Aang at the Western Air Temple and offers to teach Aang Firebending .
Avatars success has led to some promotional advertising with third-party companies , such as Burger King and Upper Deck Entertainment .
A one-hour special showing of `` The Secret of the Fire Nation '' which was shown on 15 September 2006 , consisting of `` The Serpent 's Pass '' and `` The Drill '' , gathered an audience of 5.1 million viewers .
Avatar : Legends of the Arena , a video game for Microsoft Windows , was launched on 25 September 2008 by Nickelodeon .
At any given time , there is only one person alive in the world of Avatar who is able of bending all four elements : the show 's titular Avatar , the spirit of the planet manifested in human form .
Competing with Zuko for the Avatar is Admiral Zhao who leads a Fire Nation assault on the Northern Water Tribe that is successfully repelled thanks to Aang and his friends .
According to the Nielsen Media Research , the special was the best performing cable television show airing in that week .
Various members of the Avatar staff and cast appeared at the 2006 San Diego Comic-Con International convention , while Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko appeared with Martial Arts Consultant Sifu Kisu at the Pacific Media Expo on October 28 , 2006 .
The trio are constantly being pursued by banished Prince Zuko , the exiled son of Fire Lord Ozai , who can only return to the Fire Nation and reclaim his honor and throne if he captures the Avatar .
In addition to the use of four classical elements in the series , the fighting styles associated with each element are all taken from different styles of Chinese martial arts .
The character was partly inspired by Avatar Kyoshi of the original series , whom the creators say was very popular among fans .
The term `` Avatar '' comes from the language of Sanskrit , one of the most ancients languages of India .
Azula , Zuko 's younger sister , and her two friends Mai and Ty Lee pursue Team Avatar , who struggle to reach Ba Sing Se , the Earth Kingdom capital , and tell the Earth King of the eclipse .
the creators of Avatar : The Last Airbender . The show , tentatively titled Avatar : The Legend of Korra , will be a twelve-episode mini series that takes place in the same universe , 70 years after the defeat of Fire Lord Ozai .
The series was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino , Bryan Konietzko and Aaron Ehasz .
The show employed a cultural consultant , Edwin Zane , and calligrapher Siu-Leung Lee as consultants for the show 's cultural influences .
The series ends as Aang and Katara kiss in front of the sunset .
The character æ -LRB- pinyin : shui -RRB- , which stands for water , is shown with å -- -LRB- pinyin : shan -RRB- , which means benevolence and adaptivity .
For each instance of calligraphy , an appropriate style is used , ranging from seal script -LRB- more archaic -RRB- to clerical script .
The series follows the adventures of the main protagonist Aang and his friends , Katara , Sokka , and after Toph and Zuko who must save the world by defeating the Fire Lord Ozai and ending the destructive war with the Fire Nation , which started 100 years ago .
The show was first revealed to the public in a teaser reel at Comic-Con 2004 , and started show the episodes from 21 February 2005 .
Northern Shaolin , which uses strong arm and leg movements was used for `` Firebending '' .
Avatar also has its own line of t-shirts , LEGO playsets , toys , a trading card game , a cine-manga , and three video games , as well as an MMO .
Aang and his friends discover that an upcoming solar eclipse will deprive Firebenders of their bending , leaving them open to invasion and giving Aang his chance to defeat the Fire Lord .
The first season 's success prompted Nickelodeon to order second and third seasons .
The character å -LRB- pinyin : tu -RRB- , which stands for earth , is shown with å 1\/4 -LRB- pinyin : qiang -RRB- , which means for strength and stability .
Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami openly stated his belief that the franchise `` could become their Harry Potter '' .
The show 's character designs are heavily influenced by anime as well as Chinese art and history , Hinduism , Taoism , Buddhism , and Yoga .
When Aang was young , he unknowingly revealed that he was the Avatar when he chose four toys out of thousands , each of which were the childhood toys of the previous Avatars .
Konietzko drew the character herding bison in the sky , and showed the sketch to Mike DiMartino .
The word AvatÄ ra , -LRB- Sanskrit : -RRB- , which means `` descent '' ; its roots are ava means `` down , '' and tri means `` to pass . ''
Ironically , the Avatar is the only Air Nomad to survive the attack .
The only exception to these styles is Toph , who can be seen practicing a Chu Gar Southern Praying Mantis style .
Nickelodeon executives have since released optimistic plans for upcoming marketing strategies in regards to Avatar .
Tai Chi was used for `` Waterbending '' in the series , and it focuses on alignment , body structure , breath , and visualization .
The marketing plans are to be coincided with the release of the first live-action film based on the series in 2010 , which will be the first film in a trilogy .
Zuko , with the help of his uncle , tries to come to terms with his troubled past and his obsession with capturing the Avatar .
The Avatar possesses a unique power called the Avatar State , which endows the Avatar with the knowledge and abilities of all past lifes and acts as a self-triggering defense mechanism , although it can be made subject to the will of the user through various methods , such as extensive trial and training .
Mattel came to release information stating that they have taken account of Katara 's increased role within the program , and that she would be included in the figure assortment for a mid 2007 release .
Avatar has been nominated for and won awards from the Annual Annie Awards , the Genesis Awards , the primetime Emmy Awards and a Peabody Award among others .
And Ba Gua , which uses dynamic circular movements and quick directional changes , was used for `` Airbending '' .
Avatar : The Last Airbender takes place in a world that is home to humans , fantastic animals , and spirits .
It will be created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko .
The series employed Sifu Kisu of the Harmonious Fist Chinese Athletic Association as a martial arts consultant .
One hundred years before the start of the series a twelve-year-old Airbender named Aang learns he is the new Avatar .
Human civilization is divided into four nations : the Water Tribes , the Earth Kingdom , the Air Nomads , and the Fire Nation .
Although each has its own variation , most ancient philosophies incorporate these four elements in some way .
Through the ages , countless incarnations of Avatar have served to keep the four nations in harmony , and maintain world order .
At the time , DiMartino was studying a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole .
Aang awakens to find the group disguised as Fire Nation soldiers heading West on a Fire Nation ship , while Zuko has been restored to his position as crown prince .
Furthermore , people known as Benders have the ability to manipulate the eponymous element of their nation using the physical motions of martial arts .
Each nation has its own natural element , on which it bases its society .
The invasion ultimately fails , and only Aang and his closest friends are able to escape .
Its 19 July 2008 premiere averaged 5.6 million viewers , 95 % more viewers than Nickelodeon had received in mid-July 2007 .
Caught in a fierce storm , they crash into the ocean , triggering Aang 's protective Avatar State which freezes them in a state of suspended animation inside an iceberg .
Meanwhile , Zuko and Iroh , now fugitives from the Fire Nation , attempt to lead new lives in the Earth Kingdom .
In Tibetan Buddhism , there is a similar test for reincarnations of a Tulku Lama .
Furthermore , the president of Nickelodeon announced on 21 July 2010 that a spin-off mini-series called `` Avatar : The Legend of Korra '' will premiere in 2011 .
Azula mortally wounds Aang , who is in the Avatar State , with a lightning blast .
In other media , the series has spawned a live-action movie trilogy , the first titled The Last Airbender , directed by M. Night Shyamalan , scaled action figures , a trading card game , three video games based on the first , second , and third seasons , stuffed animals distributed by Paramount Parks , and two LEGO sets .
They made use of a wide range of different instruments -LRB- such as the guzheng , pipa and duduk -RRB- to compose a background music that fits into the world .
While on their journey , Aang and friends visit the Southern Air Temple where Aang discovers that the Fire Nation destroyed the Air Nomads .
All music and sound used in the series was done by Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn , who form `` The Track Team '' .
When an Avatar dies , he or she is reincarnated into the next nation in the Avatar Cycle , in the order of the seasons .
In the show , Korra will have to learn Airbending from master Tenzin , son of Avatar Aang and Katara , and contend with an anti-bender revolution taking place in the city .
The pilot episode -LRB- The Boy in the Iceberg -RRB- first aired on 21 February 2005 and the series concluded with a widely-praised two-hour television movie on 19 July 2008 .
Fearful of the heavy responsibilities and the separation from his beloved mentor Monk Gyatso , Aang flees from home on his animal guide , a flying bison named Appa .
In 2007 , Avatar was syndicated to more than 105 countries worldwide , and was one of Nickelodeon 's top rated programs .
Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected .
The invasion will be staged by a ragtag group of benders and warriors who Aang has helped along his journey .
After his disappearance , Fire Lord Sozin , in past friend of Avatar Roku , knowing that the new Avatar is an Air Nomad , launches a genocidal campaign against the Air Nomads in order to ensure his plots for world domination will not be interrupted by the Avatar .
The series finale , Sozin 's Comet : The Final Battle , received the highest ratings of the series .
ArrentiÃ res is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
They have been territories of Australia since 1947 , and contain the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory , one of which , Mawson Peak , is the highest Australian mountain .
The group 's size is 372 kmÂ in area .
Heard Island and McDonald Islands -LRB- abbreviated as HIMI -RRB- are islands in the Southern Ocean , about two-thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica .
It is the only U.S. state flag with a field of green as well as the only state flag with the image of an American president .
The Flag of Washington has the state seal -LRB- which has an image of George Washington -RRB- on a field of dark green with gold fringe being optional .
William Ralph Dean -LRB- 22 January 1907 â `` 1 March 1980 -RRB- , better known as Dixie Dean was an English football player .
Countries in the Middle East .
Eric Ken Shinseki -LRB- born November 28 , 1942 -RRB- is a retired United States Army four-star general who is serving as the 7th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs .
His last U.S. Army position was as the 34th Chief of Staff of the Army -LRB- 1999-2003 -RRB- .
Charlie Brown is the main character in the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
George Mifflin Dallas -LRB- July 10 , 1792 â `` December 31 , 1864 -RRB- was a Senator for the United States from Pennsylvania and later served under James K. Polk as the eleventh Vice President of the United States .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
This song became popular among the animals of England after Old Major recited it to the farm animals of Manor Farm .
`` Four legs good , two legs bad . ''
Mailsi Tehsil is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Shin Tanada -LRB- born 25 July 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Penguins got their name from the Great Auk .
LingÃ vres is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Piltene is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1557 .
Ciprian Marica -LRB- born 2 October 1985 -RRB- is a Romanian football player . He plays for Stuttgart and Romania 's national team .
In 1989 , Hurricane Hugo destroyed the pool he used to practice swimming , and his mother died a year later . Duncan gave up on swimming after this and began playing basketball .
Timothy `` Tim '' Theodore Duncan -LRB- born April 25 , 1976 -RRB- is a professional basketball player from the US Virgin Islands . He plays power forward and center for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
After college , the San Antonio Spurs chose him with the first pick in the 1997 NBA Draft . Duncan helped the Spurs win NBA championships in 1999 , 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 .
The Yemen national football team is the national football team of Yemen .
Vuillery is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The fifth edition -LRB- `` DSM-5 '' -RRB- is currently being prepared , and it is planned to be finished in May 2013 .
The manual was developed from systems for collecting census and psychiatric hospital statistics , and from a manual written by the US Army . A lot of changes were made to it in 1980 .
There have been five revisions since it was first published in 1952 . Each time , more mental disorders were added , although some have been removed and are no longer seen as mental disorders .
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM -RRB- is a guide to grouping mental disorders . It is published by the American Psychiatric Association .
It is used in the United States and around the world by doctors , researchers , health insurance companies , companies which make medicine , and others .
The last time it was greatly changed was the fourth edition -LRB- `` DSM-IV '' -RRB- , published in 1994 , but small changes to text were made in a 2000 version .
Dewal Manal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Dewal Manal is located in the southern part of Abbottabad district , it borders the following Union Councils , Nara and Seer Gharbi -LRB- to the South -RRB- , Nathia Gali and Nagri Bala to the east and Garhi Phulgran to -LRB- to the west and north -RRB- .
The main tribe of this Union Council is the Karlal .
The law about negligence is different in many places -LRB- or jurisdictions -RRB- , but for the plaintiff to win , he or she usually has to prove at least four things :
He also had two hits in Europe personally during 1994 , with `` Heartbreak Angel '' and `` Heartless Dancer '' .
David Brandes is a German songwriter and producer .
Brandes has written and produced for many artists , including E-Rotic , Bad Boys Blue , Chris Norman , Indiggo and Vanilla Ninja .
She is the great-granddaughter of Swedish prime minister Oscar von Sydow , and also related to actor Max von Sydow and politician BjÃ rn von Sydow .
Venizel is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Akita Prefecture -LRB- ç ç '' ç -RRB- is a prefecture of Japan . It is in the north of the island of Honshu , Japan .
The capital city is Akita City .
This kept Akita Prefecture away from most Japanese society . It is also famous for rice farming and sake brewing .
Hewitt grew up in Killeen , Texas .
She also played in the sequel I Still Know What You Did Last Summer -LRB- 1998 -RRB- .
Jennifer Love Hewitt -LRB- born February 21 1979 -RRB- is an American actress and singer .
After moving to Los Angeles , Hewitt was in more than twenty television commercials .
By the time she was five , Hewitt already had tap dancing and ballet in her portfolio .
At the age of three , she sang The Greatest Love of All at a livestock show .
Her first break came as a child actor on the Disney Channel variety show Kids Incorporated -LRB- 1989 -- 1991 -RRB- .
Hewitt 's first movie role was in in the independent movie Munchie -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .
Other movie roles included the high school comedy Ca n't Hardly Wait -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and the romantic comedy Heartbreakers -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
Hewitt was born in Waco , Texas . Her parents are Herbert Daniel Hewitt and Patricia Mae Shipp .
She is most known for playing Sarah Reeves in the Fox television series Party of Five from -LRB- 1995-1999 -RRB- , and as Julie James in the I Know What You Did Last Summer films .
After the divorce of her parents , Hewitt and her only sibling , Todd Hewitt , grew up with her mother .
As a young girl , Hewitt liked music . This led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry .
At the age of ten she moved to Los Angeles , California , with her mother for a career in both acting and singing .
A brownie with brown sugar and no chocolate is called a blondie .
jpg thumb -LRB- 361x435 -RRB- px right Claudia Schiffer -RRB- -RRB- Claudia Schiffer is a German supermodel . She was born in West Germany on August 25 , 1970 .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Claudia Schiffer .
Schiffer is one of the world 's most successful models . She has appeared on over 500 magazine covers .
Groissiat is a commune .
His five sons , Cyrus Baldwin -LRB- 1773-1854 -RRB- , Benjamin Franklin Baldwin -LRB- 1777-1821 -RRB- , Loammi Baldwin , Jr. -LRB- 1780-1834 -RRB- , James Fowle Baldwin -LRB- 1782-1862 -RRB- , and George Rumford Baldwin -LRB- 1798-1888 -RRB- were also well-known engineers .
Baldwin began work with his older sons on the Middlesex Canal in 1794 and after nine years , the canal began service in 1803 .
Baldwin was elected to various public offices between 1780 and 1796 .
Colonel Loammi Baldwin -LRB- January 10 , 1744-October 20 , 1807 -RRB- was a noted American engineer , politician , and a soldier in the American Revolutionary War .
His son Benjamin worked on the Boston Mill Dam for before an early death at age 43 .
Until the end of 1775 , Baldwin and his men stayed near Boston , but in April 1776 , he was ordered with his command to New York City .
Baldwin is known as the Father of American Civil Engineering .
In 1774 Baldwin enlisted in a regiment , and commanded the Woburn militia at the Battle of Lexington and Concord as a major .
His son Cyrus continued his father 's work on the Middlesex Canal as an agent for the canal company .
Baldwin and his regiment participated in both the crossing and the fight .
He later worked on Boston 's fortifications .
In 1777 , Baldwin resigned from the army because of ill health .
From 1778-1784 , he represented Woburn in the Massachusetts General Court -LRB- the state legislature -RRB- .
At the beginning of the war he enlisted in the 26th Continental Regiment commanded by Colonel Samuel Gerrish .
In 1794 , he was a candidate for election to the United States House of Representatives , and obtained all the votes cast in Woburn but one .
He was appointed high sheriff of Middlesex County in 1780 , and was the first to hold office after the adoption of the state constitution .
On the night of December 25 , 1776 , in the face of a violent and extremely cold storm of snow and hail , General Washington and his army crossed the Delaware to the New Jersey side , and fought the Battle of Trenton .
He surveyed and built the Middlesex Canal , but today he is perhaps best remembered for the Baldwin apple which he discovered when surveying the Middlesex Canal , and then developed at his farm
Here he rapidly advanced to be lieutenant-colonel , and on Colonel Gerrish 's retirement in August 1775 , he was placed in command of the regiment , and was soon commissioned colonel .
It is the second movie in the Dollars trilogy and was released in the United States in 1967 .
For a Few Dollars More -LRB- 1965 -RRB- is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood .
During the Victorian gold rush a lot of settlers from Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- called Vandemonians -RRB- went to the Victorian gold fields , such as Ballarat , or Bendigo .
The last penal settlement in Tasmania at Port Arthur finally closed in 1877 .
There were 5 female factories in Van Diemen 's Land .
In 1824 , Van Diemen 's Land became an independent colony with George Arthur as the first Governor .
From the 1830s to 1853 , Van Diemen 's Land was the main penal colony in Australia . When Britain stopped sending prisoners to New South Wales , all convicts were sent to Van Diemen 's Land .
Because the name Van Diemen 's Land was seen to be tied up with convicts and it sounded like the word `` demon '' , Van Diemen 's Land was renamed in 1856 . It was called Tasmania after Abel Tasman .
From the 1830s to 1853 , Van Diemen 's Land was the main penal colony in Australia .
When Britain stopped sending prisoners to New South Wales , all convicts were sent to Van Diemen 's Land .
Many went to the new free colony of Victoria . The free settlers in towns such as Melbourne did not like the ex-convicts coming to their town .
Convicts who had finished their time in prison or had been well behaved and given a ticket-of-leave often left Van Diemen 's Land .
Female convicts worked as servants in free settler 's houses or were sent to a female factory -LRB- women 's workhouse prison -RRB- .
He named the island Anthoonij van Diemenslandt after Anthony van Diemen , the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies . Van Diemen had sent Tasman to explore the area in 1642 .
About 75,000 convicts were sent to Van Diemen 's Land . This is about 40 % of all convicts sent to Australia .
In 1803 , the island was settled by the British as a penal colony . It was called Van Diemen 's Land , and became part of the British colony of New South Wales .
The Dutch explorer Abel Tasman was the first European to explore Tasmania .
Only the most difficult convicts were sent to the Tasman Peninsula prison known as Port Arthur .
Van Diemen 's Land was the name used by Europeans for the island of Tasmania .
This is the hexadecimal color code used for Chiltern Railways routes .
A seneschal was an officer in the houses of important nobles in the Middle Ages .
In the French administrative system of the Middle Ages , the sÃ nÃ chal was also a royal officer in charge of justice and control of the administration in southern provinces , equal to the northern French bailli .
Le Grand-Abergement is a commune .
Kazuki Sakurada -LRB- born 1 August 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
This article has descriptions for any leap year starting on Friday such as 1988 or 2016 .
Savona is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy .
With the 2008 changes of the notebook , wired Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter .
The portability of the MacBook Air was praised in reviews , however , the compromise in features was criticized .
MacBook Air 's launch was accompanied by a television commercial emphasizing its slender design .
To reduce the computer 's size and weight , several features were sacrificed .
To regain the features of an optical drive , users can either use a separately-available external USB SuperDrive , or the bundled Remote Disc software to access the optical drive of another computer .
Apple released a software update in early March 2008 to fix the problem with mixed results : the deactivation of 1 CPU core appears to have been corrected ; however , the runaway kernel problem remains for at least some users .
Apple incorporated several features in the design of the MacBook Air , such as the reduction of toxic chemicals like lead , to make it more environmentally friendly .
The full-sized keyboard , weight of three pounds , thinness , and Multi-Touch trackpad were appreciated in reviews , while the limited configuration options , slow speed -LRB- in the non-SSD models -RRB- , non-user replaceable battery , small hard drive , and price were criticized .
The computer has a glossy LED backlit screen and a backlit keyboard , as well as a large trackpad that responds to iPhone-like Multi-Touch gestures such as pinching , swiping , and rotating .
Dan Ackerman of CNET commented on the original models , `` the design and engineering that went into MacBook Air is extraordinary , but it 's certainly a much more specialized product than the standard 13-inch MacBook . ''
The Remote Disc capability is achieved by the computer wirelessly accessing the optical drive of another Mac or Windows PC that has the Remote Disc program installed .
However , for the 2009 revision , the adapter is included in-the-box .
It also omits a FireWire port , Ethernet port , line-in , media card slots , and a Kensington Security Slot .
The flip-down hatch on the side of MacBook Air is a tight fit for some headphone plugs and USB devices , requiring users to purchase an extension cable .
MacBook Air contains no BFRs and PVC wiring , meets Energy Star Version 5.0 requirements , has a recyclable enclosure , and is rated EPEAT Gold ; its screen is made from arsenic-free glass and does not contain mercury .
The problem is aggravated by system-intensive tasks such as video playback or video chatting .
The music playing is `` New Soul '' by Yael NaÃ m.
For these features , an external USB drive is required .
Additionally , in the 2008 revision , the hard drive , graphics , front side bus , processor , memory , battery , and port connections were upgraded .
Remote Disc supports netbooting , so MacBook Air can boot from its installation DVD in another computer 's drive .
This feature requires Remote Install Mac OS X to be running on the remote computer .
The Sharp Actius MM10 Muramasas , a thin , tapered notebook , had a minimum height -LRB- thickness -RRB- of 0.54 i and a maximum height of 0.78 i. It was the thinnest tapered laptop until the release of MacBook Air in 2008 .
ArsTechnica found `` moderate '' performance improvements of the 64 GB solid-state drive of the first generation Air over the standard 80 GB hard drive in tests .
Apple has removed the flip-down hatch on the Late 2010 model in favor of open connection ports as on other Macbooks .
Ackerman disliked the limited internet connectivity , slow speed , small hard drive , battery , and the price of SSD hard-drive option , however , appreciated the thinness , sturdiness , and the MultiTouch gestures .
The effect can be seen at CPU temperatures as low as 150 Â and worsens with higher temperatures .
Macworld 's Jason Snell praised the portability , however commented that `` the decision about whether the MacBook Air is a product worth having can be answered by 1 question : How much are you willing to compromise ? ''
In the commercial , a hand unthreads a manila envelope and slides out a MacBook Air , then opens it to wake it from sleep .
The Mitsubishi Pedion , released in 1998 , was the thinnest rectangular laptop at 0.72 inches -LRB- 1.84 cm -RRB- until the release of the Dell Adamo in March 2009 , which is a rectangular laptop 0.65 inches -LRB- 1.65 cm -RRB- thick . Although both these laptops are thinner than MacBook Air 's thickest point -LRB- 0.76 inches\/1 .94 cm -RRB- , MacBook Air tapers from 0.16 â `` 0.76 inches -LRB- 0.4 â `` 1.94 cm -RRB- , leading to some controversy over the `` thinnest '' laptop .
On October 14 , 2008 , new models were announced boasting improved capacities of 128 GB -LRB- solid-state -RRB- and 120 GB -LRB- hard drive -RRB- .
The software does not allow the playback or information of DVDs or CDs , nor does it allow the installation of Microsoft Windows .
The MacBook Air includes Mac OS X Snow Leopard pre-installed , along with Apple 's iLife multimedia suite .
With the release of Mac OS X Snow Leopard , the Air 's multi-touch trackpad also supports handwriting recognition of Chinese characters .
It was also Apple 's first computer with an optional solid-state storage drive .
Since the release of the first-generation product , some MacBook Air users have complained of overheating that caused CPU lockup .
It is Apple 's first notebook since the PowerBook 2400c without a built-in removable media drive .
It can also be used to reinstall the system software from the included installation DVD .
The MacBook Air was greeted with mixed reception when it was introduced .
The MacBook Air was the first compact laptop sold by Apple since the full-featured 12 '' PowerBook G4 was stopped in 2006 .
However , this method only allows for disk browsing or software installation ; DVD movies or CDs can not be watched or listened to .
Villers-Saint-Christophe is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Ciara 's second album , Ciara : The Evolution , was released in December 2006 .
Ciara 's second album , Ciara : The Evolution , was released in December 2006 . It has spawned the hit singles `` Get Up '' , `` Promise '' , and `` Like a Boy '' .
The album has sold nearly two million copies worldwide .
It produced three top two singles on the Billboard Hot 100 , selling over 2.6 million in the U.S. , and three million worldwide , and earned various awards and nominations .
Ciara made her debut in the summer of 2004 with the Billboard number-one single `` Goodies '' . The album Goodies was released the fourth quarter of 2004 and first quarter of 2005 .
No. ` Name ` Party ` Assumed office ` Left office
The Premier of New South Wales is the leader of the New South Wales government .
Chignik is a city in Alaska .
In 2000 , there were 79 people living in Chignik .
Hung Ga æ å , Hung Kuen æ æ , or Hung Ga Kuen æ å æ is a southern Chinese martial art .
Philip V of Spain -LRB- 19 December 1683 - 9 July 1746 -RRB- was the second son of Louis , Grand Dauphin and Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria . He was a grandson of Louis XIV and Marie Therese of Austria and was King of Spain from 1700 â `` 1724 and again from 1724 â `` 1746 .
It is located in Canberra , Australia 's capital city .
The NFSA started in 1935 as the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library which was then part of the Commonwealth National Library . It became an independent statutory authority as the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia in 2008 .
The collection has works made in the late 19th century when the recorded sound and film industries were just beginning to those made in the present day .
The NFSA started in 1935 as the National Historical Film and Speaking Record Library which was then part of the Commonwealth National Library .
The National Film and Sound Archive -LRB- NFSA -RRB- is Australiaâ s audiovisual archive .
They also enjoy feeding on vegetables .
These mounds will often appear in vegetable gardens , lawns , or farms , as gophers like moist soil .
Their presence is unambiguously announced by the appearance of mounds of fresh dirt about 20 cm in diameter .
Pocket Gophers are widely distributed in North America , extending into Central America .
Gophers can collect large hoards .
They are larder hoarders , and their cheek pouches are used for transporting food back to their burrows .
They may also damage trees in forests .
These are the `` true '' gophers . Several ground squirrels of the family Sciuridae are often called gophers as well .
Their most characteristic feature is their large cheek pouches . The pocket in their name comes from these pouches .
They extend from the side of the mouth well back onto the shoulders .
The name `` Pocket Gopher '' on its own is used for a number of subspecies of the family .
A few species reach weights approaching 1 kg .
Although they will attempt to flee when threatened , they may attack other animals , including cats and humans , and can inflict serious bites with their long , sharp teeth .
All pocket gophers are burrowers .
There has been much debate among taxonomists about which races of pocket gopher should be recognized as full species , and the following list can not be regarded as definitive .
These pouches are fur-lined , and can be turned inside out .
Most gophers have brown fur which often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live .
They have small eyes and a short , hairy tail which they use to feel around tunnels when they walk backwards .
Some sources also list a genus Hypogeomys , with one species , but this genus name is normally used for the Malagasy Giant Rat , which belongs to the family Nesomyidae .
The pocket gophers are burrowing rodents of the family Geomyidae .
For this reason , some species are considered agricultural pests .
Mount Sterling is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
APTonCD is a tool that can create one or more ISOs , CDs or DVDs with all of the packages the user downloaded via APT-GET or APTITUDE , creating a removable repository that the user can use on other computers .
deb packages located in one especific repository , so that the user can install them into other computers without the need for an internet connection .
APTonCD will also allow the user to automatically create media with all of the .
Philip Hammond -LRB- born December 4 , 1955 -RRB- is an English politician and was made Secretary of State for Transport on 12 May 2010 , and a Privy Counsellor on 13 May 2010 . .
He is the Member of Parliament for the Runnymede and Weybridge constituency in the United Kingdom .
The file server can be a normal computer , or a Network Attached Storage , which is a special computer created to only be a file server .
First published in 1930 in the United States with the name Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine , its name has been changed several times , such as Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938 , and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960 .
Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine .
As of 2007 , it is the longest currently published magazine of that genre .
Faith returned as a heroine in several other episodes of Angel and in the last five episodes of Buffy .
She was chosen for the lead role of Alice , opposite Juliette Lewis in the movie That Night .
She was raised a Mormon , the faith of her mother but she is not actively practicing .
She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington , DC and Suffolk University in Boston , where her mother was professor of government and had been the dean of the campus in Dakar , Senegal .
The following year , she played the teenage daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis in True Lies .
Eliza Patricia Dushku -LRB- born December 30 , 1980 -RRB- is an American television and movie actress .
Dushku lives in the Los Angeles area of Southern California .
Dushku took some time off from acting to finish her last two years of high school .
She will play the main character on a thriller directed by Rob Schmidt who she had worked with before on Wrong Turn , called The Alphabet Killer .
The same year Kevin Smith asked Dushku to be a part of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back . Dushku co-starred with Shannon Elizabeth , Ali Larter , Ben Affleck , and others .
In 1993 , Dushku got the role as Pearl alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio in This Boy 's Life .
She followed that up with the cheerleader comedy Bring It On with Kirsten Dunst .
In 2000 , Dushku starred in Soul Survivors with her Race The Sun co-star Casey Affleck .
Dushku was born in Watertown , Massachusetts .
She will also star in Open Graves , a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game .
It was announced on October 31 , 2007 that Dushku and Joss Whedon , famous for creating the Buffy series , agreed to create a new show called Dollhouse .
After high school , Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith , a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy .
She also had parts as Paul Reiser 's daughter in Bye Bye , Love , as Cindy Johnson with Halle Berry and Jim Belushi in Race the Sun , as well as roles in a television movie and a short movie .
The movie will be released in Los Angeles in November 30 , 2007 and on DVD in January 22 , 2008 .
Dushku started acting when she was 10 .
Her parents divorced when she was still an infant .
Variety announced on August 2 , 2006 that Dushku would co-star with Macaulay Culkin in Sex and Breakfast , written and directed by Miles Brandman .
She stayed on for the rest of the third season and returned for a two-part appearance in season four . She was then used as part of the first season of the Buffy spinoff series Angel .
She played the main character , Tru Davies , a ex-medical student who must take a job at a local morgue where she finds that she has the power to `` re-live '' the previous day over again .
She was also the main character in the series Tru Calling .
2003 saw the release of Wrong Turn , a horror movie in which Dushku had the starring role , and The Kiss , an independent comedy-drama .
She appeared in the Simple Plan music video , `` I 'm Just a Kid '' , as the band 's love interest , as well as Nickelback 's video for `` Rockstar '' .
Starting that same year , she also starred in a new Fox TV series , Tru Calling .
She has three older brothers , Aaron , Benjamin -LRB- Ben -RRB- -LRB- born February 5 , 1976 -RRB- , and Nathan -LRB- Nate -RRB- -LRB- born June 8 , 1977 , in Boston , Massachusetts -RRB- , the last of whom is also an actor and a model .
There are many types of hats .
When he was wrestling for ECW he was nicknamed a `` Hardcore Icon '' . He also wrestled for WWE from 2005 to 2007 , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2002 to 2003 and again in 2010 , and World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- in 1991 .
James `` Jim '' Fullington -LRB- born June 16 , 1963 in Sandy , Utah -RRB- is a American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with Extreme Championship Wrestling -LRB- ECW -RRB- under the ring name , The Sandman .
Aguilcourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is located on the east coast of Cape Breton Island and is part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
Sydney was incorporated in 1904 and dissolved on August 1 , 1995 when it was added into the regional municipality .
It is the capital of MiÅ sk County .
This led to Milton being the junction until 1960 , when the extension was removed and Clarksville regained its status as a junction until the branch was entirely closed in 1968 .
Construction of this branch line began in the 1870s and Clarksville acted as the junction until 1907 , when an extension of the branch was built alongside the Main South Line into Milton to improve operations .
The city in the state of Tennessee is at Clarksville , Tennessee Clarksville is a small township . It is located three kilometres southwest of Milton in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand .
The town was also once the location of a railway junction , where the Roxburgh Branch left the Main South Line .
State Highways 1 and 8 meet in Clarksville .
It is situated on the banks of the Jhelum River , in Northern India Kashmir region .
Srinagar -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ø Û Ù Ú Ø , Hindi : -RRB- is a city in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
They released a single -LRB- `` Real Face '' -RRB- , an album -LRB- `` Best of KAT-TUN '' -RRB- , and a DVD -LRB- Real Face Film -RRB- on the same day , March 22 , 2006 .
KAT-TUN is made up of six members :
Massimo Taibi -LRB- born 18 February 1970 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
The airport is 2 miles -LRB- 3 km -RRB- from junction 10a of the M1 motorway .
London Luton Airport -LRB- previously called Luton International Airport -RRB- is an international airport located on the edge of the town of Luton , Bedfordshire , England approximately 30 m north of London .
It is the fourth largest airport serving the London area after Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted and is one of London 's five international airports along with London City Airport .
John Rocker was a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves in Major League Baseball .
It was formed in 2004 when the municipalities of MÃ 1\/4 nster and Geschinen came together .
MÃ 1\/4 nster-Geschinen is the capital city of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
A trout is a kind of teleost fish that belongs to the Salmoninae subfamily of the Salmonidae family .
There are many different kinds of trout . They belong to the same family as the salmon .
Anal bleaching is a process that causes the skin around the anus to become lighter in color .
Anderson Hays Vanderbilt Cooper -LRB- born June 3 , 1967 -RRB- is an American journalist .
He is an anchor on CNN . He hosts Anderson Cooper 360 Â .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the highest legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories .
At its head is the Sovereign , Queen Elizabeth II .
The 1707 Acts of Union brought England and Scotland together under the Parliament of Great Britain , and the 1800 Act of Union included Ireland under the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The parliament has an upper house , the House of Lords , and a lower house , the House of Commons .
Nancy Sinatra is an American singer . She was born June 8 , 1940 , in Jersey City , New Jersey .
She is the daughter of Frank Sinatra . She is best known for the song These Boots Were Made For Walking .
She is the daughter of Frank Sinatra .
Overhead lines or overhead wires are used to transmit electrical energy to trams , trolleybuses or trains at a distance from the energy supply point .
One early document discussing Hafez ' life is the preface of his DivÄ n , which was written by an unknown contemporary of Hafez whose name may have been Moá ammad GolandÄ m. The generally accepted modern edition of Hafez 's DivÄ n is known as Qazvini - á ani , edited by Moá ammad Qazvini and QÄ sem á ani .
Some of the early tazkeras -LRB- biographical sketches -RRB- mentioning Hafez are generally considered unreliable .
Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Û Ø Ø Ø Û -RRB- or Hafez is a Persian poet .
Khwajeh Shams al-Din Muhammad Hafez-e Shirazi -LRB- also spelled Hafiz -RRB- -LRB- born between 1310 and 1337 , believed to have died at age 69 -RRB- -LRB- Persian : Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù
Despite his profound effect on Persian life and culture and his enduring popularity and influence , few details of his life are known , and particularly about his early life there is a great deal of more or less mythical anecdote .
Many semi-miraculous mythical tales were woven around HÄ fez after his death .
The engine on the Vanwall of Stuart Lewis-Evans seized up . The car spun and crashed .
The site hosted an non-championship F1 race in 1957 .
It was won by Stirling Moss driving a Vanwall , completing the 53 laps in 2h 09m 15.1 s.
On 19 October 1958 the course was the venue for the Moroccan Grand Prix , the final round in the Formula One season .
He was severely burned , and died in a hospital in England six days later .
The Ain-Diab Circuit was a Formula One road circuit built in 1957 , south west of Ain-Diab in Morocco , using the existing coast road and the main road from Casablanca to Azemmour .
The 7.618 km -LRB- 4.734 mi -RRB- course was designed by the Royal Automobile Club of Morocco . It was given a full blessing from Sultan Mohammed V. It was built in only six weeks .
When they quarrel and the couple split , Penny takes an overdose of pills and passes out , but Oscar comes to her rescue .
Oscar gradually becomes infatuated with the girl , and feels a part of the couple 's lives , even forsaking work to observe them .
Wonderwall is the title of a 1968 film by then first-time director Joe Massot . It starred Jack MacGowran , Jane Birkin , Richard Wattis , Irene Handl , and Iain Quarrier , and had cameos by Anita Pallenberg and Dutch designers The Fool -LRB- who were also set designers for the film -RRB- .
Intrigued , he begins to make more holes , as days go by and they do more photo sessions .
Discovering a beam of light streaming through a hole in the wall between them , Collins follows the light and spots Penny modelling for a photo shoot .
The story of the film revolves around the reclusive , eccentric scientist Oscar Collins -LRB- MacGowran -RRB- , whose next-door neighbors are a pop photographer and his girlfriend\/model -LRB- Birkin -RRB- , named Penny Lane .
The Xbox Live Marketplace -LRB- XBLM -RRB- is a virtual market designed for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 console that allows Xbox Live members to download purchased or promotional content .
Savitaipale is a Finnish municipality in the South Karelia region . As of 2006 , there are more than 4,100 people living in Savitaipale .
They are able to fend off the attackers , but Katara is captured during the battle .
The Avatar : The Last Airbender video game allows the player to control one of four characters - Aang , Katara , Haru , or Sokka - in a single-player adventure .
The game was a launch title for the Wii in Western territories -LRB- USA -RRB- .
When they arrive at Lianâ s cell , they find it empty , except for a map to an Earth Kingdom village .
She fears that Aang will not be able to master all four elements before Sozinâ s comet arrives .
The information from the library leads them to an uncharted island .
They stop Lian , but Katara , Sokka , and Haru are captured by another machine .
While training in the North Pole , Aang and Katara hear reports of a waterbender , Hiryu , going missing , which they investigate .
Aang refused her help , seeing as how the machines were disrupting villages .
Each character uses his or her own fighting style . He or she can get new special powers through experience from defeating enemies .
They find the village under attack by machines .
Avatar : The Last Airbender -LRB- known as Avatar : The Legend of Aang in Europe -RRB- is a video game based on the animated television series of the same name for Game Boy Advance , Microsoft Windows , Nintendo GameCube , Nintendo DS , PlayStation 2 , PlayStation Portable , Wii , and Xbox .
Upon rescuing him , Zuko attacks the group , but he is knocked over .
They arrive at the Water Tribe as a Fire Nation ship attacks , led by Prince Zuko .
After fending off the machines , picking up Haru and being informed that one of his earthbending friends Yuan was kidnapped , they travel to the library of Omashu for clues to where the machines might originate from .
As the Avatar , Aang must master all four elements to bring peace to the world and stop the war , which started 100 years ago .
Aang and Sokka follow the ship , but are slowed by a Firebending machine .
The console versions of the game were developed by THQ Studio Australia .
After Aang rescues his friends , they find Zuko , also captured by a machine .
Many different items can help the player during battle -LRB- armor , chi , enchanted accessories , and healing potions -RRB- .
However , Zuko had a small part in the game , only appearing in cutscenes . King Bumi also appears in the fourth level .
He is the the present Avatar -LRB- the spirit of the planet as a human -RRB- .
They follow the ship to an Earth Kingdom port and they free Katara , who informs them of another prisoner named Lian the Maker , who is being forced to make machines for the Fire Nation .
On the island , they find Lian , making more machines .
Lian then voiced her contempt for him as she sends a machine to fight them to flee to the Air temple , attempting to destroy the Avatar statues .
Aang pursues Lian and the machine to a fortress .
After that , Aang enter the Avatar State and killed Lian .
CCR was inducted into -LRB- became part of -RRB- the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Creedence Clearwater Revival -LRB- often made shorter as CCR or Creedence -RRB- was an -LRB- -LRB- United States American -RRB- was an rock band from California , United States . They were popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
The band has sold 26 million albums in the United States alone .
William II of the Netherlands -LRB- Willem Frederik George Lodewijk van Oranje-Nassau -RRB- 6 December 1792 â `` 7 March\/17 March 1849 -RRB- was King of the Netherlands , Grand Duke of Luxembourg , and Duke of Limburg from 7 October 1840 until his death .
Brandy Norwood -LRB- born Brandy Rayana Norwood on February 11 , 1979 -RRB- , professionally known as Brandy , is a Grammy Award-winning American R&B singer , songwriter , dancer , and actress .
However , the BRAC campaign recommended Brunswick 's closing , despite a new government-funded effort to upgrade its facilities .
Western Maine aquifers and springs are a big source of bottled water .
The last type of school is a `` CSD '' -LRB- Community School District , sometimes called a Consolidated School District -RRB- .
In January 2009 , a new record low temperature for the state was set at â 50 Â F , tying the New England record .
Maine has a humid continental climate -LRB- KÃ ppen climate classification Dfb -RRB- , with warm -LRB- although mostly not hot -RRB- , humid summers .
In not common cases , a CSD refers to only a high school of a school union .
`` Private schools '' are less common than public schools .
By the time they reach the state , many have become extratropical and few hurricanes have made landfall in Maine .
These towns do not have lone school boards , but instead have one central board governing the entire district .
This is a regional school district that has two or more towns into one school department with one high school and middle school .
Immigration from outside the United States made a net increase of 5,004 people , and migration within the country made a net increase of 36,804 people .
Maine 's `` Moosehead Lake '' is the biggest lake that is completely in New England -LRB- Lake Champlain is located between Vermont and New York , which is not considered part of New England -RRB- .
Normally , it serves kindergarten through grade 12 , although some only go to grade 8 .
Estcourt Station is Maine 's northernmost point and also the northernmost point in the New England region of the United States .
Daytime highs are mostly in the 75 â `` 80 Â F -LRB- 24 â `` 27 Â C -RRB- range all over the state in July , with overnight lows in the high 50s Â F -LRB- around 15 Â C -RRB- .
To the south and east is the Atlantic Ocean and to the north and northeast is New Brunswick , a place of Canada .
Sometimes , in towns that do not have other towns bordering it for miles and miles -LRB- such as island towns -RRB- , the entire student population gos to one school grades PKâ `` 12 .
Tornadoes are rare in Maine , about two per year , mostly happening in the southern part of the state .
Maine has four types of school departments : the first is a `` local school . '' It serves only one municipality , and is headed by a superintendent .
The Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that Maine 's total gross state product for 2007 was $ 48 billion .
Maine 's company outputs make paper , lumber and wood products , electronic stuff , leather things , food products , textiles , and bio-technology .
Its per capita personal income for 2007 was $ 33,991 , 34th in the country .
January temperatures range from highs near 32 Â F -LRB- 0 Â C -RRB- on the southern coast to overnight lows below 0 Â F -LRB- â 18 Â C -RRB- in the far north .
The population density of the state is 41.3 people per square mile .
This mostly happens in school districts with such a small student population between many towns that the school district can not justify an elementary school outside the largest town in the district .
Coastal areas are moderated somewhat by the Atlantic Ocean .
Normally , a MSAD comprises one larger town and one or more smaller towns .
A `` school union '' is two or more school departments that share a superintendent but nothing else ; each town has a lone school board .
Often this is done when it is seen cheaper to subsidize private tuition than make a whole new school when a private one already exists .
The Canadian place of Quebec is to the northwest .
This has a natural increase since the last census of 6,413 people -LRB- that is 71,276 births minus 64,863 deaths -RRB- and an increase because of `` net migration '' of 41,808 people into the state .
School union students are given a choice of bordering school districts , and the school union pays for the student 's tuition .
Students can choose to go to a school in another district if the parents agree to pay the school tuition .
Maine has fewer days of thunderstorms than any other state east of the Rockies , with most of the state with less than 20 days of thunderstorms a year .
Maine is mostly safe from hurricanes and tropical storms .
Maine also has the distinction of being the only state to border just one other state -LRB- New Hampshire to the west -RRB- .
The larger town has a high school and middle school , while the bordering towns have elementary schools as well , but no secondary schools .
The elementary schools normally cut off after grade 5 or grade 6 .
Naval shipbuilding and building remain key as well , with Bath Iron Works in Bath and Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery .
Naval Air Station Brunswick is also in Maine , and serves as a large support base for the U.S. Navy .
This means that while it costs money to send children there , towns will make a contract with a school to take children from a town or MSAD at a slightly downed rate .
The state 's record high temperature is 105 Â F , set in July 1911 .
The third type is a `` MSAD '' -LRB- Maine School Administrative District -RRB- .
Sometimes , towns in a MSAD do not have an elementary school but possess a high school and\/or middle school , but the bordering towns have the elementary schools .
Commercial fishing , once a mainstay of the state 's economy , maintains a presence , mostly lobstering and groundfishing .
The municipalities of Eastport and Lubec are the easternmost city and town in the United States .
Students are forced to be at the central high school .
Normally , only one of the schools in the school union has a high school , but unlike MSADs -LRB- talked about below -RRB- , students in the whole school union are not forced to be at that school .
Maine is both the northernmost state in New England and the largest , accounting for nearly half the region 's whole land area .
A big number of private elementary schools with under 20 students exist , but most private high schools in Maine are actually semi-private high schools .
Normally , lone school districts which do not have a high school are not totally lone ; they are part of a `` school union '' , which is the second type of school .
Winters are cold and snowy all over the state , and are mostly bad in the northern parts of Maine .
Mount Katahdin is both the northern terminus of the Appalachian Trail , which extends to Springer Mountain , Georgia , and the southern terminus of the new `` International Appalachian Trail '' which , when finished , will run to `` Belle Isle '' , Newfoundland and Labrador .
A number of other Maine lakes , like as South Twin Lake , are said by Thoreau .
People in Maine produce agricultural goods like poultry , eggs , dairy products , cattle , wild blueberries -LRB- the state makes 25 % of all blueberries in North America , making it the largest blueberry maker in the world -RRB- , apples , maple syrup and maple sugar .
`` Aroostook County '' is known for its potato crops .
As of 2008 , Maine has an estimated population of 1,321,504 , which is an increase of 6,520 , or 0.5 % , from the past year and an increase of 46,582 , or 3.7 % , since the year of 2000 .
Karen Sheila Gillan -LRB- 28 November , 1987 -RRB- is a Scottish actress best known for her role as Amy Pond in Doctor Who alongside Matt Smith .
Half points awarded as less than 75 % of race distance was completed .
Jenson Alexander Lyons Button , MBE -LRB- born 19 January 1980 in Frome , Somerset -RRB- is a British Formula One driver currently signed to McLaren Mercedes .
Button won the Formula One World Drivers ' Champion in 2009 .
Season in progress .
Season in progress .
During the Manhattan Project , which was when the United States , the United Kingdom , and Canada worked together during World War II to make the first nuclear weapons , there was much nuclear espionage in which scientists or technicians working for the project sent information about bomb development and designs to the Soviet Union .
There has been much disagreement over the exact details of these cases , though some of this was settled when VENONA Project transcripts were made public . These were secret messages between Soviet agents and the Soviet government that were discovered and decoded .
The investigations described in the report eventually led to the arrest of Wen Ho Lee , a scientist at Los Alamos , who was at first accused of giving weapons information to China .
Pakistan 's government says that they had no part in the espionage , but refuses to turn Khan over for questioning by the International Atomic Energy Agency .
While some of the information given , such as information given by Klaus Fuchs , could probably have been very helpful , the way the people in charge of the Soviet bomb project actually used the information has led later scholars to think it did not actually speed up the Soviet Union 's process of making bombs much .
On February 5 , 2004 , the president of Pakistan , General Pervez Musharraf , said that he had pardoned Khan .
These people are often called the Atomic Spies , and their work continued into the early Cold War .
Some issues remain unsettled , however .
The report said that China had `` stolen classified information on all of the United States ' most advanced thermonuclear warheads '' since the 1970s , including the design of advanced warheads , the neutron bomb , and `` weapons codes '' which allow for computer simulations of nuclear testing -LRB- and allow China to advance their weapon development without doing its own tests -RRB- .
No other arrests from the theft of the nuclear designs have been made .
There are also rules that keep countries who have signed non-proliferation agreements -LRB- which are meant to stop the spread of nuclear weapons -RRB- from sharing information about such weapons with the public .
The United States apparently did not know of this until 1995 .
Whether Vanunu was technically involved in espionage is debated : Vanunu and his supporters say that he should be called as a whistle-blower -LRB- someone who was exposing something secret and illegal -RRB- , while his opponents think that he is a traitor and that what he did helped enemies of Israel .
Khan had previously been said to have taken gas centrifuge designs from a uranium enrichment company in the Netherlands -LRB- URENCO -RRB- which he used to help Pakistan 's own nuclear weapons program get started .
Nuclear espionage is sharing a country 's secrets about nuclear weapons to other countries without permission .
In a 1999 report of the United States House of Representatives Select Committee on U.S. National Security and Military\/Commercial Concerns with the People 's Republic of China , chaired by Rep. Christopher Cox -LRB- called the Cox Report -RRB- , it was revealed that U.S. security agencies thought there was nuclear espionage going on by the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- at Americans nuclear weapons design laboratories .
The case against Lee eventually fell apart , however , and he was eventually charged only with mishandling of data .
Since nuclear weapons have been invented , there have been many cases of known nuclear espionage , and also many cases where it has thought to have happened , but has not been proven .
Israel has never said that it does or does not have a nuclear weapons program , and Vanunu was kidnapped and smuggled to Israel , where he was convicted of treason and espionage .
In January 2004 , Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan , a Pakistani nuclear scientist , admitted selling restricted nuclear weapons technology to Libya , Iran , and North Korea .
After Vanunu left Israel , he did not give his information right away . He traveled for about a year before doing so .
In 1986 , Mordechai Vanunu , who had worked at a nuclear facility in Israel , gave information about Israel 's nuclear weapons program to the British press . People had thought before that Israel had an advanced and secretive nuclear weapons program and collection , but now they knew for sure .
Because nuclear weapons are usually considered the most important of state secrets , all nations with nuclear weapons have strict rules against sharing information about how nuclear weapons are designed , where they are kept , and other things about them .
According to his testimony and reports from intelligence agencies , Khan sold designs for centrifuges used to enrich uranium and Chinese designs for a nuclear warhead , and sold centrifuges themselves to these three countries .
Other people and groups arrested or fined were scientist Peter Lee -LRB- not related to Wen Ho Lee -RRB- , who was arrested for allegedly giving submarine radar secrets to China , and Loral Space & Communications and Hughes Electronics , who gave China missile secrets .
Rafael Scheidt -LRB- born 10 February 1976 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
He started playing football with USK Anif , a team from a suburb of Salzburg .
In 2002 he went to Austria Salzburg , and 2005 , after the club was bought by Red Bull , he played with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg .
Marco Meilinger -LRB- born 8 August 1991 in Salzburg -RRB- is an Austrian footballplayer who plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg as midfielder .
In 2010 he played with the U 19 team in the European Championship in France and is qualified with the team for the U 20 World championship in 2011 .
Since 2008 Marco Meilinger played for Austria in different youth teams .
He signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg in 2010 .
In 2009 he played for the second team of Red Bull Salzburg , Red Bull Juniors .
Giacomo Losi -LRB- born 10 September , 1935 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
ConfranÃ on is a commune .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , working and wrestling on its Raw brand as the color commentator .
Lawler won the match by submission but the anonymous Raw General Manager reversed the decision because Stone Cole had pushed Cole in the match earlier on which made Cole the victor .
At Wrestlemania XXVII , he faced Michael Cole with `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin as the special guest referee .
Jerry Lawler -LRB- born November 29 , 1949 -RRB- is an American musician , film actor , politician , professional wrestler and wrestling commentator , known throughout the wrestling world as Jerry `` The King '' Lawler .
Lawler was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007 by William Shatner .
He also wrestles and occasionally commentates for the Memphis Wrestling promotion .
The article about the Muse album can be found at Absolution -LRB- album -RRB- Absolution is the name of a sacrament of the Roman Catholic , Eastern Orthodox , Anglican and Lutheran churches . Using absolution , a priest or the church can forgive a sin , after confession .
Astro Nusantara is a satellite television service in Indonesia . Astro Nusantara is operated by PT Direct Vision -LRB- found on 28 February 2006 -RRB- , a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk .
Astro Nusantara is operated by PT Direct Vision -LRB- found on 28 February 2006 -RRB- , a joint venture company between Astro All Asia Networks plc and PT First Media Tbk .
Currently , the service consists of 48 channels including 5 locally produced Indonesia exclusive channels were launched under the Astro brand .
Charmoille is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Bloxom is a town of Virginia in the United States .
The Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church was published in 2005 , and the first edition in English in 2006 .
It is a more concise and dialogic -RRB- -LRB- written like a conversation -RRB- version of the CCC .
The text is available in twelve languages on the Vatican website , which gives the text of the Catechism itself in eight languages .
The Catechism of the Catholic Church , or CCC , is an official explanation of the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church .
It belongs to the Ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 Â .
It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman in 2003 .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,744,000 km in 610.362 days , at an inclination of 151 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 149 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.3185 .
Tomohiko Ikeuchi -LRB- born 1 November 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
At Night of Champions , DiBiase won the World Tag Team Championship in his first match in WWE , after Rhodes turned on Holly , and decided to team up with DiBiase .
DiBiase grew up in Clinton , Mississippi and graduated from Clinton High School in 2001 .
Theodore Marvin DiBiase , Jr. -LRB- born November 8 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler . He currently works for World Wrestling Entertainment on its SmackDown brand .
He graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Business Administration .
DiBiase and Rhodes were joined by Manu , but on the October 27 , 2008 episode of Raw , DiBiase and Rhodes lost their championship to CM Punk and Kofi Kingston . DiBiase was then taken off television , so he could film the movie The Marine 2 .
He is a former World Tag Team Champion with Cody Rhodes .
The next week , DiBiase and Rhodes had a rematch , and won the titles back .
DiBiase first appeared on WWE television on May 26 , 2008 , where he said he was going to become a champion like his father WWE Hall of Famer , Ted DiBiase , and challenged the World Tag Team Champions , Cody Rhodes and Hardcore Holly .
He attended Mississippi College and was the starting wide receiver for the college 's football team , before he left the squad after his freshman season .
They held the titles for a month , but then lost them to John Cena and Batista on August 4 .
DiBiase was then taken off television , so he could film the movie The Marine 2 .
At Clinton , DiBiase was the football team 's starting quarterback .
DiBiase and Rhodes were joined by Manu , but on the October 27 , 2008 episode of Raw , DiBiase and Rhodes lost their championship to CM Punk and Kofi Kingston .
Simon Peyton Jones -LRB- 1958 - -RRB- born in South Africa and is a British computer scientist . He does research on -LRB- lazy -RRB- functional programming languages , such as Haskell .
Xerxes told his men to cut Leonidas ' head , put it on a stake and crucify his body .
Leonidas I was a king of Sparta . He was the 17th of the Agiad family of kings .
It was then that Leonidas sent away all the Greek troops except 700 Thespians , who refused to leave the battlefield .
The small Greek force was attacked from both sides .
Leonidasâ name is now very well known because of the battle of Thermopylae .
FossÃ s-et-Baleyssac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Please do not rename or remove these classes ; nor collapse nested elements which use them .
The HTML mark up produced by this template includes HTML classes intended to be part of an hAudio microformat , which makes an audio recording 's details parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue articles across Wikipedia , or via a browser tool operated by a person , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to a playlist or database .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
Bison live in the northern part of the world .
Alexandre Luiz Goulart -LRB- born 24 July 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Parfondeval , Aisne is a commune .
The shrine is situated on the left bank of the Dal Lake , Srinagar and is considered to be Kashmir 's holiest Muslim shrine .
The Moi-e-Muqqadas -LRB- the sacred hair -RRB- of Mohammed is believed to be preserved here .
It contains a relic believed by many Muslims of India to be a hair of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
The shrine is known by many names including Hazratbal , Assar-e-Sharief , Madinat-us-Sani , or simply Dargah Sharif .
The Hazratbal Shrine -LRB- Kashmiri : Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù , literally : Majestic Place -RRB- , is a Muslim shrine in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , Kashmir .
The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat , meaning holy or majestic , and the Kashmiri word bal , meaning place .
Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 31st .
The students follow the instructions left by their teacher . All goes well until Mr. Fabiano is called upon to join in a school assembly .
Flying Solo is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 1998 .
When his class arrives they find that their substitute teacher has not shown up .
The class decides that they will not report this to the principal and will run the classroom by themselves .
Some of topics in the novel include selective mutism , death and grief .
W.A.S.P. is an American heavy metal band . The band was formed in 1982 in Los Angeles , California by Blackie Lawless , Rik Fox , Randy Piper and Tony Richards .
He was thrown out of the Reichswehr film service because he supported the strike after the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg .
, was referenced by alternative metal band System of a Down .
Heartfield started to work for two communist publications : the daily Die Rote Fahne -LRB- The Red Flag -RRB- and the weekly Arbeiter-Illustrierte-Zeitung -LRB- AIZ -RRB- -LRB- Workers ' Illustrated Newspaper -RRB- .
John Heartfield -LRB- June 19 , 1891 â `` April 26 , 1968 -RRB- is the English version of the name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld .
In 1918 , Heartfield began at the Berlin Dada scene , and the Communist Party of Germany .
The Heartfield piece The Hand has 5 Fingers with its original text : `` 5 fingers make a hand !
Translated , the quote reads : `` Iron has always made a nation strong , butter and lard have only made the people fat '' .
Below , the title is written in large letters , in addition to a quote by Hermann Goering during food shortage .
After World War II he settled in East Germany , after 1954 he lived in East Berlin and worked closely with theater directors such as Benno Besson and Wolfgang Langhoff at Berliner Ensemble and Deutsches Theater .
One of his more famous pieces , made in 1935 entitled Hurrah , die Butter ist Alle !
With George Grosz , he founded Die Pleite , a satirical magazine .
served as the inspiration behind the song `` Metal Postcard -LRB- Mittageisen -RRB- '' by Siouxsie & the Banshees ; the song was re-recorded in German and released as a single with Heartfield 's work as the cover art .
The family â '' mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog â '' are trying to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles .
The photomontage shows a family at a kitchen table , where a nearby portrait of Hitler hangs and the wallpaper is covered with swastikas .
With these 5 grab the enemy ! ''
A text printed on the back of the album System of a Down reads : `` The hand has five fingers , capable and powerful , with the ability to destroy as well as create '' .
In 2005 , Tate Britain held an exhibition of his photomontage pieces .
was published on the frontpage of the AIZ in 1935 .
Saint-Loup-de-Fribois is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Bassoles-Aulers is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Scranton is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Gustavo AdriÃ n LÃ pez -LRB- born 13 April , 1973 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
It links the Zona Franca with Badalona , through Barcelona proper , sharing a good deal of the area covered by L9 .
L9\/10 will be the deepest line in the network , and the longest line in Europe .
Originally expected to be ready by 2008 , ongoing problems with its construction are going to delay its completion until as late as 2013 .
Line 10 -LRB- Zona Franca ZAL - Gorg -RRB- is the name of one of the two branches of the Barcelona metro extension line 9 , currently under construction and to be operated by TMB .
Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Not all succulents are cacti though .
Almost all cacti are succulents .
Hansi MÃ 1\/4 ller -LRB- born 27 July , 1957 -RRB- is a former German football player .
2001 -LRB- MMI -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
It was also the 1st year of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century .
For a template that says `` this section contains ... '' instead of `` this page contains '' -LRB- like the example at Diglossia # Arabic -RRB- , use
Clifton Forge is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Hotonnes is a commune .
The first polyhedra are the tetrahedron , which is made of 4 triangles , pentahedron -LRB- 5 faces , can look like a 4-sided pyramid -RRB- , hexahedron -LRB- 6 faces , usually looks like a cube if it is regular -RRB- , and heptahedron -LRB- 7 faces , can look like a prism based on a pentagon , or a pyramid based on a hexagon amongst others -RRB- .
Usually , polyhedra are named by the number of faces they have .
Jarome Arthur-Leigh Adekunle Tig Junior Elvis Iginla -LRB- born July 1 , 1977 in Edmonton , Alberta -RRB- is a professional Canadian ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- where he is the Captain .
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in southern Peru .
The districts , with their capitals , are :
The province has eight districts -LRB- Spanish : distritos , singular : distrito -RRB- . Each of the districts are led by a mayor -LRB- alcalde -RRB- .
During the Grand coalition government -LRB- 1966-1969 -RRB- , he was in the Ministry of Defense , and in 1968 he became Director of the Chancellor 's Office .
On 14 December 1976 , the CDU\/CSU became the largest group in parliament , and Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag .
Carstens was well known for hiking around Germany during his term in order to decrease the gulf between politics and the people .
In December 1982 , the recently elected Chancellor Helmut Kohl deliberately lost a motion of confidence in order to hold new general elections .
But this does not explain why Carstens had joined the SA , another Nazi party group , in 1933 .
He often spoke against the left-wing ideas in German society and accused the governing SPD of being to soft on left-wing extremists .
Born in Bremen , Carstens studied law and political science at the universities of Frankfurt am Main , Dijon , Munich , KÃ nigsberg , and Hamburg from 1933 to 1936 .
In July 1960 Carstens started to work for the government . He was a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
On 23 May 1979 Carstens was elected as President of the Federal Republic of Germany .
In 1972 Carstens was elected into the Bundestag . He stayed a member until 1979 .
In February 1983 the Federal Constitutional Court said that deliberately losing the vote was allowed , so the general elections could take place .
In 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984 .
In 1949 he received a Master of Laws -LRB- LL .
On 7 January 1983 , President Carstens dissolved the Bundestag and called for new elections .
Carstens joined the Nazi Party in 1940 . This was when he was a law clerk .
He also famously denounced the author Heinrich BÃ ll as a supporter of the Baader-Meinhof Gang .
In the same year he was also appointed as professor for public and international law at Cologne University .
Hubert Humphrey was a major part in this merger .
It was created on April 15 , 1944 when the Minnesota Democratic Party and the Farmerâ `` Labor Party merged .
The Minnesota Democraticâ `` Farmerâ `` Labor Party -LRB- DFL -RRB- is a major political party in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
The heart of the town contains the four squares , `` Piazza della Cisterna '' , `` Piazza Duomo '' , `` Piazza Pecori '' , and `` Piazza delle Erbe '' .
San Gimignano is the birthplace of the poet Folgore da San Gimignano -LRB- 1270-1332 -RRB- .
In medieval and Renaissance times , it was a stopping point for pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican as it sits on the medieval via Francigena .
In 1199 , during the period of its highest splendor , the city made itself independent from Volterra .
San Gimignano is a small hill town in the province of Siena , Tuscany , Italy .
The Communal Palace is now the home of San Gimignano Gallery . Hhere there are works by Pinturicchio , Benozzo Gozzoli , Filippino Lippi , Domenico di Michelino , Pier Francesco Fiorentino , and others .
San Gimignano was founded as a small village in about 1300 BC by the Etruscans .
There are many churches in the town : the two main ones are the Collegiata , a cathedral , and Sant ` Agostino .
San Gimignano is famous for the medieval towers , and for the wine , called `` Vernaccia di San Gimignano '' .
Tea with Mussolini , a 1999 drama about English and American women in Italy during World War II , was filmed in part at San Gimignano .
The name of the city come from by a saint , Saint Geminianus , who had defended it from Attila 's Huns .
He is a member of the SPD -LRB- Social Democratic Party of Germany -RRB- .
Gerhard SchrÃ der was Chancellor of Germany from 1998 to 2005 .
The Mongolian word for a tulku is qubilÎ an , though such persons may also be called by the honorific title qutuÎ tu -LRB- Tib : phags-pa \/ Skt : Ä rya -RRB- , or hutagt in the standard Khalkha dialect .
Thus the term Living Buddha is used to mean tulku .
A recent Chinese word for tulku is huÃ fÃ -LRB- æ '' ä 1\/2 -RRB- , which literally means `` living Buddha '' .
In addition to Tibetans and related peoples , Tibetan Buddhism is the traditional religion of the Mongols and their relatives .
The album was released in 1983 and reached number 20 in the UK charts .
Another Perfect Day is the sixth album by the British heavy metal band MotÃ rhead .
QuÃ ant is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Jay-Jay Okocha -LRB- born 14 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Nigerian football player .
However , after getting the blood , all Burns does is send the family a card .
`` Blood Feud '' is the twenty-second and last episode of The Simpsons second season .
It first started on the Fox network in the United States on July 11 , 1991 .
Homer learns Bart has Burns 's rare blood type and wants his son to donate some , promising Bart that they will be handsomely rewarded .
In this episode , Mr. Burns falls ill and badly needs a blood transfusion .
Homer , who is mad , writes a rude reply , but Marge tells him at the last minute not to send it , although Bart mails it anyway .
Spyro 2 : Ripto 's Rage !
The video game was released for the PlayStation video game system .
The game got a 8.6 out of 10 from GameSpot and a 8.8 out of 10 from IGN .
The video game was released on November 2 , 1999 in the North America , November 5 , 1999 in PAL region and on March 16 , 2000 in Japan for the PlayStation .
Coldrerio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Columbia Pictures Industries , Inc. is an American company that produces movies and television shows .
It is part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group , which is owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment . Sony Pictures is part of the Japanese company Sony .
Willie Aames -LRB- born Albert William Upton July 15 , 1960 in Orange County , California , USA -RRB- is an actor famous for the roles of Buddy Lembeck on Charles in Charge , Tommy Bradford on Eight is Enough and the voice of Hank on Dungeons & Dragons , the cartoon .
Mombasa is the second largest city in Kenya .
This match was seen to many as the most important match of Hardy 's career , as his win against Triple H has finally moved Hardy into the top level of the roster and the race for the WWE Championship .
After failing to win the Intercontinental Championship from John Morrison over the next few weeks , Hardy finally defeated Morrison to win his second Intercontinental Championship on the October 2 edition of RAW .
They drove all over the East Coast of the United States , working for companies many small companies .
The match ended in a no-contest when Kid Kash and Dallas interfered .
On the November 6 episode of RAW , Hardy lost the Intercontinental Championship back to John Morrison .
Hardy started wrestling in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on June 23 2004 at the TNA pay-per-view , the Second Anniversary Show . He was in a match against A.J. Styles for the X - Division title .
His first WWF match was against The 1-2-3 Kid and came on May 25 , 1994 in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Jeffrey Nero `` Jeff '' Hardy -LRB- born August 31 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler that is currently signed to TNA Wrestling .
At WWE Extreme Rules , Hardy defeated Edge in a ladder match to win the World Heavyweight Championship , but lost the championship immediately after wards to CM Punk , who cashed in his Money in the Bank briefcase .
The Hardy brothers eventually caught the eyes of the World Wrestling Federation .
During the next month , Hardy had several accidents , including a car accident and a pyrotechnics accident .
When the team was finally brought up to WWF TV , they formed the tag team called The Hardy Boys .
Hardy once again defeated Morrison .
This was Hardy 's third time as Intercontinental Champion .
Hardy returned to TNA on July 21 and was given a chance to fight for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship .
On August 4 2006 , WWE announced that Hardy was working with the company again .
Hardy challenged for the title on September 8 but lost to NWA World Heavyweight Champion Jeff Jarrett .
Just a week after he lost the title to Morrison , Hardy won it again on the November 13 edition of RAW .
Hardy later lost the title to Umaga . On the September 3 edition of RAW , Jeff successfully captured his 4th WWE Intercontinental Championship by defeating Umaga for the title .
Hardy 's brother , Matt was revealed as the person behinds the accidents , and interfered in his match at the Royal Rumble , causing Hardy to lose the WWE Championship to Edge .
Early on , Jeff , along with his brother Matt and friends , started their own wrestling organization , the TWF -LRB- Trampoline Wrestling Federation -RRB- . In it they would perform many of the moves they saw on TV .
After being signed to a contract in 1998 , they were trained by Dory Funk , Jr. in his Funkin ' Dojo . They were trained with other notable wrestlers such as Kurt Angle , Christian , Test , and A-Train .
Matt defeated Hardy in an Extreme Rules match at WrestleMania XXV , but Hardy defeated Matt in an `` I Quit '' match at Backlash .
Jeff , Matt , and friends then began to work for other independent wrestling companies .
On the day of his return , Hardy defeated Edge by disqualification when Lita pulled Edge out of the ring .
Hardy says that Sting , The Ultimate Warrior , and Shawn Michaels were the reasons why he wanted to get into wrestling as a child .
The image is from Silver Surfer # 1 -LRB- 1982 -RRB- .
The album cover shows the Marvel Comics character , the Silver Surfer on the front and the hand of Galactus on the back .
There are also Nashville tuned guitars -LRB- on `` Echo '' -RRB- and key changes -LRB- on `` Always with Me , Always with You '' and `` Echo '' -RRB- to vary the album .
Surfing with the Alien is the second album by instrumental rock solo artist Joe Satriani , released in 1987 . Surfing with the Alien contributed greatly to establishing Satriani 's reputation as a respected rock guitarist .
Surfing with the Alien is the second album by instrumental rock solo artist Joe Satriani , released in 1987 .
All songs written by Joe Satriani .
However , the album liner notes mention a Marvel Characters , Inc. copyright and say the Silver Surfer likeness is used with permission .
Also , `` Midnight '' , uses the technique of two-hand tapping at great speed , making a Latin-American effect .
The artist , John Byrne , has said that the image was used without his permission and that he never got paid for its use .
The art is from panel 1 of page 6 of SILVER SURFER # 1 published in 1982 .
The album contains fast and complex songs such as `` Surfing with the Alien '' and `` Satch Boogie '' , stranger-sounding `` Crushing Day '' and `` Lords of Karma '' , and slower , melodic songs like `` Always with Me , Always with You '' and `` Echo '' which provide a change of pace .
Surfing with the Alien contributed greatly to establishing Satriani 's reputation as a respected rock guitarist .
Collisions are made from two smaller sections called elastic and inelastic collisions .
An elastic collision generally occurs when an elastic or hard object experiences a collision that bounces off another elastic or hard object , where the kinetic energy and momentum are the same before and after the collision .
In the case of a two dimensional collision , the rules in elastic and inelastic collision are still the same , but vectors are used to find the momentum before or after a collision .
An inelastic collision generally occurs when a soft object experiences a collision that does not result in a bounce . Kinetic energy is lost during this type of collision because the energy is transformed into other forces .
Bryology is the study of Bryophytes : Mosses , liverworts and hornworts .
To the west is Arnhem Land , the Top End of the Northern Territory , and Groote Eylandt , the largest island in the Gulf .
The wet season lasts from December to March .
The Gulf is also a breeding ground for tropical cyclones from November and April .
It covers a water area of about 300,000 kmÂ .
The area was later explored and mapped by Matthew Flinders in 1802 and 1803 .
The Gulf of Carpentaria is a large , shallow sea surrounded on three sides by northern Australia . Its north edge is the Arafura Sea ; the sea between Australia and New Guinea .
The dry season lasts from about April until November and is has very dry southeast to east winds , caused by winter high pressure systems to the south .
Abel Tasman also explored the coast in 1644 .
At its mouth , the Gulf is 590 km wide , and further south , 675 km .
The first overland expedition to reach the Gulf was the Burke and Wills expedition , led by Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills . They left Melbourne in August 1860 and reached the Bynoe River in February 1861 .
To the east is the Cape York Peninsula .
The area to the south , is a part of Queensland -RRB- called the Gulf Country or simply `` the Gulf . ''
In September and October the Morning Glory cloud appears in the Southern Gulf .
Jan Carstenszoon -LRB- or Carstensz -RRB- , visited in 1623 and named the Gulf after Pieter de Carpentier , who was the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies .
Most of the year 's rainfall is happens in these months , and many low-lying areas are flooded .
The land around the Gulf is generally flat and low-lying .
The best place to see this is in the Burketown area shortly after dawn .
The climate is hot and humid with two seasons per year .
The north south distance is more than 700 km .
The first known European person to visit the area was the Dutch Willem Janszoon -LRB- whose name is also written as Jansz -RRB- in his 1606 voyage .
However , in the Italian War of 1859 , French forces were able to defeat the longer range of Austrian rifle muskets by quick , small attacks and bayonet attacks at close range .
Musket calibres ranged from 0.5 i to 0.8 i. A smooth bore musket , firing at a single target , was only accurate to about 50 y to 70 y. Rifled muskets in the 1850 's were much better , able to hit a man sized target at up to 500 y. The advantage of this longer distance was shown at the Battle of Four Lakes , where Springfield Model 1855 rifled muskets killed Indian warriors before they could get close enough with their smooth bore muskets .
In the 1800 's , better ammunition and ways of firing the gun , meant that rifling was practical for military use , and the rifled musket became common . A few years later , the use of cartridges , breechloading , and multiple rounds of ammunition meant the `` rifled musket '' gave way to `` rifle '' , and `` muskets '' were no longer used .
Muskets were made for use by infantry .
By the start of 1700 's , a lighter type of musket took over from the arquebus . When the bayonet was added , there was no longer a need for pikemen , and almost all infantry soldiers became musketeers .
A soldier armed with a musket was called a musketman or musketeer .
A musket is a muzzle-loaded , smoothbore long gun , which is meant to be fired from the shoulder .
In the 1500 's , soldiers armed with a heavy arquebus , called a musket , supported the arquebusiers and the pikemen .
Sometimes Chili peppers are called pepperoni Pepperoni is a meat food that is sometimes sliced very thinly and put on pizza .
It is a kind of salami , which can be quite spicy .
The Kirovabad pogrom was an attack by Azeris against the targeted Armenian population living in the Azerbaijani town of Kirovabad in November 1988 .
Camiran is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Montreuil-aux-Lions is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Launoy , Aisne is a commune .
In 740 Pepin married Bertrada of Laon .
Pepin the Short or Pippin -LRB- 714 â `` September 24 , 768 -RRB- , often known as Pepin the Younger or Pepin III , was King of the Franks from 751 to 768 .
Deekshabhoomi is a historical place in India where about 380,000 people were converted from Hinduism to Buddhism at a single moment on October 14 , 1956 . These people were people of lower classes who converted under the leadership of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar .
Another job of a forensic psychologist is to investigate the state of mind of the defendant at the time he or she committed the crime .
Forensic psychology is a branch of psychology that focuses on how psychology is related to the law . The main part of forensic psychology is working with the criminal justice system in order to better study the human mind and crime .
The nave of a church goes from the entry to the chancel . It is flanked by aisles separated from the nave by an arcade .
If the aisles are high and of a width comparable to the central nave , the structure is sometimes said to have three naves .
` Nave ' -LRB- Medieval Latin navis , `` ship '' -RRB- was probably suggested by the keel shape of its vaulting .
The nave is the central approach to the high altar , the main body of the church .
Steve Perryman -LRB- born 21 December 1951 -RRB- is a former English football player .
Its highest peak , GaldhÃ piggen -LRB- 2469 metres -RRB- is the highest mountain in Scandinavia .
Jotunheimen is a large mountain range in Norway .
In hand-to-hand combat , in martial arts and sports , a kick is a blow with the foot , the knee or the leg .
He is one of the few men to win at least three world championships in the history of Formula One . The others are Jack Brabham , Jackie Stewart , Niki Lauda , Ayrton Senna -LRB- 3 each -RRB- , Alain Prost -LRB- 4 -RRB- , Juan Manuel Fangio -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and Michael Schumacher -LRB- 7 -RRB- .
Nelson Piquet Souto Maior -LRB- born August 17 , 1952 -RRB- , more commonly known as Nelson Piquet , is a Brazilian racing driver who was Formula One world champion in 1981 , 1983 , and 1987 .
Sir George Grove -LRB- born Clapham , South London , 13 August 1820 ; died Sydenham , 28 May 1900 was an English engineer and musician . He wrote books about classical composers and is particularly famous for his big musical dictionary Grove 's Dictionary of Music and Musicians .
Athens is the capital city of Greece .
Cize is a commune .
Kimitoshi NÅ gawa -LRB- born 6 February 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Brighton is a city in East Sussex .
An automatic feathering system was first brought out into the open on the Martin 4-0-4 aircraft , which was a piston engine airplane .
When the power being made by the engine falls to the point where it is not helping add to the thrust , the propeller will go into a feathered mode to help lower the amount of drag .
Autofeather is a feature of the engines on turboprop or piston engine aircraft .
The system was made to automatically feather an engine that failed during takeoff or the initial climb of the plane to its cruising altitude .
He is known for the first successful making of tobacco as an export crop in the Colony of Virginia . He is also known as the husband of Pocahontas , daughter of the chief of the Powhatan Confederacy .
John Rolfe -LRB- c. 1585 â `` 1622 -RRB- was one of the early English settlers of North America .
Matilda of Flanders -LRB- c. 1031 - November 2 , 1083 -RRB- was the Queen of William I of England .
A sonatina is a simple and short sonata .
His grandfather , Francisco Pena , and father , Joaquim `` Jack '' Pena , were both professional musicians , and taught Paul to play Cape Verdean music .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Pena was born in Hyannis , Massachusetts .
Pena spoke Cape Verdean Creole with his family while growing up .
Paul Pena -LRB- January 26 , 1950 â `` October 1 , 2005 -RRB- was an American singer , songwriter and guitarist .
The producers of the album were Sean Beavan , Marilyn Manson , Chris Vrenna and Jeordie White .
The High End of Low is the seventh studio album by American rock band , Marilyn Manson .
Some critics said that they praised the album for showing a more human Manson after following his divorce , and is a return to the sound of the well-received Mechanical Animals .
It was released on May 20 , 2009 .
Crotone is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy .
The Bab Sharqi street is filled with small shops and leads to the old Christian quarter of Bab Tuma -LRB- St. Thomas 's Gate -RRB- .
Medhat Pasha Souq is also a main market in Damascus and was named after Medhat Pasha .
At the end of the Bab Sharqi street , one reaches the House of Ananias , an underground chapel that was the cellar of Ananias 's house .
Damascus used to play an important role as an important trade center . Now it is not because of political development in the region as well as the development of modern trade .
Damascus has many historical sites dating back to many different periods of the city 's history .
The Citadel of Damascus is located in the northwest corner of the Old City .
Most goods produced in Damascus , as well as in Syria , are distributed to Countries of the Arabian peninsula .
Since the city has been built up with every passing job , it has become almost impossible to dig out all the ruins of Damascus that lie up to 8 feet -LRB- 2.4 m -RRB- below the modern level .
The Umayyad Mosque , also known as the Grand Mosque of Damascus , is one of the largest mosques in the world and also one of the oldest sites of continuous prayer since the rise of Islam .
Damascus also holds an annual international trade exposition in the fall since 1955 .
Saint-S Ã ve is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
There have been two distinct types of British Rail locomotive that are referred to as Class 41 .
Frameries is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Cornell Haynes Jr -LRB- born November 2 , 1974 -RRB- is an American rapper . He his better known as his stage name Nelly .
Kim Hyun-Seok -LRB- born 5 May 1967 -RRB- is a former South Korean football player .
Saint-Aignan-de-Couptrain is a commune of 360 people as of 1999 . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
La Roquille is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Orville , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Also , as individuals they frequently have significant influence on other notable family members .
Full names are given including middle , maiden and married names .
As individuals , they are more often notable than most individuals : they know many political and social leaders and are part of the wealthier , upper classes . They are more likely to be viewed as a part of celebrity culture .
This is a list of children of U.S. Presidents with stepchildren , adopted children , and alleged illegitimate children included .
A child who may appear otherwise non-notable may have affected the parent 's beliefs or performance .
Presidential children have been studied individually , and as a group .
It 's the fourth game in the Trauma Center series , and a direct sequel to Trauma Center : Under the Knife also for the DS .
Bara -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ø Ø Û Ù Ø Ø Ú ` Û -RRB- is a tehsil located in Khyber Agency , Federally Administered Tribal Areas , Pakistan .
In the 2000s , Bara achieved some mention in worldwide media with the founding of Lashkar-e-Islam , founded in the area by Mufti Munir Shakir , and later passed to Mangal Bagh , a local driver .
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the main characters from Lemony Snicket 's series of books , A Series of Unfortunate Events .
In the film she is portrayed by Kara and Shelby Hoffman .
In geometry , circumference is the distance around a closed curve ; for example , a circle .
It is a special kind of perimeter .
Sauverny is a commune .
Charles Higounet -LRB- born 13 January 1911 , died 8 April 1988 -RRB- was a French historian medievalist , specialising in bastides and the medium age period in south-west of France .
Throughout history it has been an important trade route between Central Asia and South Asia , and a strategic military place .
The actual pass summit is 5 kilometers inside Pakistan at Landi Kotal . The pass cuts through the Safed Koh mountains which are a far southeastern extension of the Hindu Kush range .
In the 1970s , three student teachers in Minnesota made an educational computer game based on the Oregon Trail . The goal of the game was to successfully travel the trail from Independence , Missouri to the Willamette Valley in Oregon .
The chemical `` guaranine '' is identical to caffeine coming from other sources , for example coffee , tea and mate .
Guaranine , theine , mateine are all official synonyms for caffeine .
This study may be significant to stroke and heart attack risk reduction because when excess thromboxane formation occurs , an arterial blood clot can develop , resulting in a heart attack or ischemic stroke .
A university study in Brazil of guaranÃ extract showed a platelet aggregation decrease of up to 37 % of control values and a decrease of platelet thromboxane formation from arachidonic acid of up to 78 % of control values .
A separate 1997 study of guaranÃ 's effects on the physical activity of rats showed increased memory retention and physical endurance when compared with a placebo .
The color contrast when the fruit has been split open has been likened to eyeballs ; this has formed the basis of a myth -LRB- see below -RRB- .
This study shows an average 11.2 pound weight loss in a group taking a mixture of yerba mate , guaranÃ and damiana , compared to an average 1 pound loss in a placebo group after 45 days .
The guaranÃ fruit 's color ranges from orange to red and contain black seeds which are partly covered by white arils .
Ginza Station -LRB- é å é
Naters is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Produces a flag icon attached to a wikilinked national football team article .
He was also a 3 time NWA Champion .
Shohei Baba -LRB- Baba ShÅ hei , January 23 , 1938 -- January 31 , 1999 -RRB- was a professional wrestler and co-founder of All Japan Pro Wrestling .
Baba , along with Antonio Inoki , became one of the most famous Japanese wrestlers of his time , with a popularity in Japan that was like Hulk Hogan 's in the United States of America .
He was also known as Giant Baba .
An official language is a language that has special status in a country .
However , Stowe always said she made the characters of her book by stories she was told by slaves that ran away to Cincinnati , Ohio , where she lived .
In the essay , Baldwin called Uncle Tomâ s Cabin a `` very bad novel '' .
Legree begins to hate Tom when Tom disobeys his order to whip the other slaves .
I could not leave it any more than I could have left a dying child . ''
Was it right to use violence to stop the violence of slavery ? Was breaking laws that helped slavery right ?
Scenes she observed -LRB- saw -RRB- on the Ohio River , including seeing a husband and wife being sold apart , as well as newspaper and magazine accounts and interviews , contributed material to the emerging plot . ''
The death of Eva affected lots of people . In 1852 , 300 baby girls in Boston were named Eva .
Some critics said that Stowe 's female characters are often unrealistic women . However , Stowe 's novel `` reaffirm the importance of women 's influence '' and helped the women 's rights movement later .
St. Clare buys Topsy , a black child , and challenges Miss Ophelia to educate her .
Edmund Wilson said that `` To expose oneself in maturity to Uncle Tom 's Cabin may â prove a startling -LRB- surprising -RRB- experience . ''
One literary critic said that if the novel not been about slavery , `` it would be just another sentimental novel '' . Another said the book was `` primarily -LRB- mostly -RRB- a derivative piece of hack -LRB- messy -RRB- work . ''
Even though he and his wife , Emily Shelby , are kind to their slaves , he decides to sell two of them : Uncle Tom , a middle-aged man with a wife and children , and Harry , the son of his wife 's maid Eliza .
Charles Francis Adams , the American minister to Britain during the war , said later that , `` Uncle Tom 's Cabin ; or Life among the Lowly , published in 1852 , exercised , largely -LRB- mostly -RRB- from fortuitous circumstances , a more immediate , considerable and dramatic world-influence than any other book ever printed . ''
Tompkins praised Uncle Tom 's Cabins style . She said that sentimental novels showed how women 's emotions changed the world in a good way .
Stowe thought that God 's will would be followed if each -LRB- every -RRB- person sincerely -LRB- truly -RRB- examined his principles and acted on -LRB- followed -RRB- them .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin has had a very great influence .
When Tom does not tell Legree where they are , Legree tells his men to beat him to death .
The book has also been seen as trying to show that masculinity was important in stopping slavery .
A person who sold books in Mobile , Alabama had to leave town for selling the novel . Stowe received threatening letters herself .
Eliza is worried that Loker might die and go to hell .
After Tom dies , George Shelby says , `` What a thing it is to be a Christian . ''
Jane Tompkins said that the novel is one of the classics of American literature . She suggests that literary critics think badly of the book because it was simply too popular when it came out .
A Kentucky farmer named Arthur Shelby is afraid of losing his farm because of debts .
She also said that the popular domestic novels written in the 19th century , like Uncle Tom 's Cabin , had `` intellectual complexity , ambition , and resourceful '' . She also said that Uncle Tom 's Cabin shows a `` critique of American society far more devastating than any delivered -LRB- gvien -RRB- by better-known critics such as Hawthorne and Melville . ''
For Stowe , blood relations made families , not paternal relations between masters and slaves .
Other critics , though , have praised the novel .
After this , many writers have said that this novel helped make the North angry at slavery and at the Fugitive Slave Law . It greatly helped the abolitionist movement .
In the 1960s and '70s , the Black Power and Black Arts Movements attacked the book . They said that the character of Uncle Tom was a part of `` race betrayal '' .
Union general and politician James Baird Weaver said that the book made him help in the abolitionist movement .
However , later research showed that Stowe did not actually read many of the works inside the book until after her novel was published .
Dinah is very different from Ophelia . She acts by passion .
Our clergy hate her voluntary system -- our Tories hate her democrats -- our Whigs hate her parvenu -- our Radicals hate her ... insolence , and her ambition .
Stowe 's puritanical religious beliefs are also one of the biggest themes in the novel .
For example , Stowe was a Christian and active abolitionist , and put lots of her religious beliefs in her book .
For instance , Georgiana May , a friend of Stowe 's , wrote a letter to the writer . In the letter , she said that `` I was up -LRB- awake -RRB- last night long after one o'clock , reading and finishing Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
His wife sells Tom to a plantation owner named Simon Legree .
We have long been smarting -LRB- hurting -RRB- under the pride of America -- we are tired of hearing her boast that she is the freest and the most enlightened country that the world has ever seen .
During Eliza 's escape , she meets her husband , George Harris , who had run away before her .
Even though many readers were very affected , literary critics did not like the style in Uncle Tom 's Cabin and other sentimental novels . They said these books were written by women and had `` women 's sloppy emotions . ''
The book 's use of common stereotypes about African Americans is important because Uncle Tom 's Cabin was the best-selling novel in the world in the 19th century .
Some later books that were greatly influenced by Uncle Tom 's Cabin are The Jungle by Upton Sinclair and Silent Spring by Rachel Carson .
In the book , Stowe writes about the important characters in Uncle Tom 's Cabin and about people in real life who were like them . Through this book , she writes a more `` aggressive attack on slavery in the South than the novel itself had . ''
In the last few decades , these stereotypes made many people think much more lightly of the historical importance of Uncle Tom 's Cabin as a `` vital antislavery tool . ''
These genres were the most popular novels of Stowe 's time . It usually had female characters and a style that made readers feel sympathy and emotion for them .
Loker has been changed because of the Quakers .
Legree beats him , and decides to destroy Tom 's faith in God .
This essay was titled `` Everybodyâ s Protest Novel . ''
In The Literary History of the United States , George F. Whicher called Uncle Tom 's Cabin `` Sunday-school fiction '' .
Even though there were such criticisms , the novel was still very popular .
The first London edition came out in May 1852 . It sold 200,000 copies .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin was the first widely read political novel in the United States . It greatly influenced American literature and protest literature .
All parties hailed Mrs. Stowe as a revolter from the enemy . ''
Many Southern writers , like Simms , soon wrote their own books about slavery .
Tom Loker finally traps Eliza and her family , so that George shoots Loker .
However , even though Uncle Tom 's Cabin was very important , people popularly saw the book as `` a blend -LRB- mix -RRB- of children 's fable and propaganda . ''
One way Stowe showed the evil of slavery was how it forced families from each other .
In recent years , however , people such as Henry Louis Gates Jr. have began studying Uncle Tom 's Cabin again . He says that the book is a `` central document in American race relations and a significant -LRB- important -RRB- moral and political exploration of the character of those relations . ''
However , many of the works in A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin was read by Stowe after she published her novel .
The novel has also been thought unimportant by many critics who called the book `` merely a sentimental novel '' . Critic George Whicher wrote in his Literary History of the United States that `` Nothing attribution to Mrs. Stowe or her handiwork can account for the novel 's enormous -LRB- great -RRB- vogue ; its author 's -LRB- writer 's -RRB- resources as a purveyor of Sunday-school fiction were not remarkable .
Because of this , some abolitionists followed some of the principles of women 's suffrage , passivism , and Christianity . They praised men for helping , working together , having mercy , and for their civic .
In Rankin 's story , in February , 1838 , a young slave woman had escaped across the frozen Ohio River to the town of Ripley , Ohio with her child in her arms and stayed at his house before she had gone further towards the north .
A writer said , `` The evil passions which ` Uncle Tom ' gratified in England were not hatred or vengeance -LRB- of slavery -RRB- , but national jealousy and national pride .
St. Clare , however , is stab by a knife at a tavern and dies .
Feminist theory can also be seen in Stowe 's book . The novel can be seen as criticizing slavery 's patriarchal nature .
Cassy and Emmeline , with Tomâ s encouragement , run away .
Stowe 's novel is different from other sentimental novels because she writes about a large theme like slavery .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin also interested many people in England .
George , Eliza , and Harry have finally reached Canada and become free .
Uncle Tom 's Cabins most important theme is the evil of slavery . Every part in Uncle Tom 's Cabin develops the characters and the story .
However , they are hunted by a slave hunter named Tom Loker .
Eva asks her father to buy Tom .
She also believed that only women could save the United States from slavery . Because of this , another very important theme of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is the moral power and sanctity of women .
Legree takes Tom to Louisiana . There , he meets other slaves , including Emmeline -LRB- who Legree bought at the same time that he bought Tom -RRB- .
However , in 1985 Jane Tompkins wrote differently about Uncle Tom 's Cabin in her book In Sensational Designs : The Cultural Work of American Fiction .
It is reported : `` She observed firsthand -LRB- herself -RRB- several incidents -LRB- happenings -RRB- which galvanize her to write -LRB- the -RRB- famous anti-slavery novel .
In recent decades , a number of people have begun criticize the book for what are seen as racist descriptions of the book 's black characters . The characters ' looks , speech , behavior , as well as the passive nature of Uncle Tom .
Historians are not sure if Lincoln really said this or not . In a letter that Stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with Lincoln , she does not say anything about this sentence .
This theme can be seen when Tom urges St. Clare to `` look away to Jesus '' after St. Clare 's daughter Eva dies .
Stowe 's son says that when Abraham Lincoln met her in 1862 Lincoln said , `` So this is the little lady who started this great war . ''
At the plantation , Tom meets Cassy , another black slave .
In this idea , the character of George Harris symbolizes the free labor . The complex character of Ophelia shows the Northerners who allowed slavery , even though they did not like it .
As soon as it was published , Uncle Tom 's Cabin made people in the American South very angry .
Eva `` Evangeline '' St. Clare is St. Clare and Marie 's angelic daughter .
The book was read by so many people that Sigmund Freud reported some patients who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
In St. Clare 's house , St. Clare argues with his sister , Miss Ophelia . She thinks that slavery is wrong , but is prejudiced against blacks .
When Eva falls into the water and he saves her , Eva 's father , Augustine St. Clare , buys Tom .
Criticisms of the other stereotypes in the book also increased during this time .
The novel was also greatly criticized by people who supported slavery .
Like the novel , A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin was also a best-seller .
Another reader said that she thought about the book all the time and even thought about renaming her daughter Eva .
As a best-seller , the novel greatly influenced later protest literature .
A famous novelist from the South , William Gilmore Simms , said that the book was not at all true . Others called the novel criminal and slander .
In 1853 , Stowe published A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
Its translator Lin Shu made this the first Chinese translation of an American novel . It was also translated into Amharic .
Which of Stowe 's characters should be followed : the patient Uncle Tom or the defiant George Harris ?
Uncle Tom 's Cabin ; or , Life Among the Lowly is an anti-slavery novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe .
This escape of crossing on ice is said to have been inspired by a story heard in the Lane Theological Seminary in Cincinnati by John Rankin to Stowe 's husband Calvin , a professor at the school .
She had at most a ready command of broadly conceived melodrama , humor , and pathos , and of these â she compounded her book . ''
Uncle Tom 's Cabin is written in a sentimental and melodramatic style . This style was often used in the 19th century sentimental novel and domestic fiction -LRB- also called women 's fiction -RRB- .
Her two children had sold , and she had killed her third child because she was afraid that her child would be sold , too .
The Order is the fourth oldest of the British Orders of Chivalry , after The Most Noble Order of the Garter , The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle , and The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick .
Thankful is the first album by American singer Kelly Clarkson , released in the United States by RCA Records on April 15 , 2003 .
`` A Moment Like This '' was the first single from the album to be released , followed by `` Miss Independent '' , `` Low '' , and `` The Trouble with Love Is '' .
Thankful contained two cover tracks , '' -LRB- You Make Me Feel Like -RRB- A Natural Woman '' by Aretha Franklin and `` Just Missed the Train '' by Danielle Brisebois .
Thankful has sold 2.73 million copies in the United States and was certified platinum in Canada for selling over 100,000 copies .
Super Metroid is an adventure video game developed by R&D 1 and Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Super NES game console .
It 's the third game released in the Metroid series .
High School Musical 3 : Senior Year will be the third installment in Disney 's High School Musical franchise .
Joined by the rest of their Wildcat friends , including Sharpay Evans , Ryan Evans , Chad Danforth , and Taylor McKessie they stage an elaborate spring musical reflecting their experiences , hopes and fears about the future .
Kenny Ortega returns as director and choreographer , so do all the main cast .
It was released in theaters on October 24 , 2008 .
The English name Snowdon comes from Saxon `` Snow Dun '' , meaning `` snow hill '' .
As the highest mountain in Wales , Snowdon is one of three mountains climbed as part of the Three Peaks Challenge .
It is in Snowdonia National Park .
Overijse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Saint-Thomas-de-Courceriers is a commune of 246 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Clayton is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Team Lotus was the motorsport sister company of English sports car manufacturer Lotus Cars .
Under the direction of founder and Chief Designer Colin Chapman Lotus was responsible for many innovative and experimental developments in motorsport , in both technical and commercial arenas .
More than ten years after its last race Team Lotus remains one of the most successful racing teams of all time , winning seven Formula One Constructors ' titles , six Drivers ' Championships , and the Indianapolis 500 in the United States , between 1962 and 1978 .
The team ran cars in many motorsport series including Formula One , Formula Two , Formula Ford , Formula Junior , IndyCar and sports car racing .
In 2010 Lotus has returned to F1 as Lotus Racing .
Labium -LRB- plural labia -RRB- is a Latin-derived term meaning `` Lip '' . Labium and its derivatives -LRB- including labia , labial , labrum -RRB- are used to describe any lip-like structure , but in the English language , labium often specifically refers to parts of the vulva .
Gerrots is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Capelle-Fermont is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
There are many different liver diseases .
The hemoglobin becomes bilirubin -LRB- a yellow substance that makes bile yellow . -RRB- The liver takes the bilirubin out of the blood and puts it into the bile .
There are many different liver diseases . Liver disease can make someone very very sick because of all the important work the liver does .
The symptoms of liver disease happen because the liver does not do the work it should .
Some liver diseases can only be treated with liver transplant .
Cancer can also grow from the liver . If it grows from the liver it is called hepatocellular carcinoma -LRB- liver cell cancer -RRB- if it is from liver cells .
This is a list of U.S. states by date of statehood . It has the date when each U.S. state joined the Union .
The first 13 states became states of the United States on the date of the Declaration of Independence , Thursday , July 4 , 1776 but they are shown here as `` joining '' on the date each ratified the United States Constitution .
The Great Gatsby is a book by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald .
Jay is in love with Nick 's cousin , Daisy .
This dry river stretches for sixty miles from the Grand Coulee Dam to Soap Lake .
The Grand Coulee used to be a river in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Upper Grand Coulee was dammed and made Banks Lake .
The Lower Grand Coulee contains the Park , Blue , Alkali , Lenore , and Soap lakes .
Until recently , the Upper Coulee was dry .
The area surrounding the Grand Coulee is shrub land . It has a rainfall of twelve inches per year .
The Columbia Basin Project dammed the river in 1952 . It used the Grand Coulee as an irrigation network .
The lake is filled by pumps from the Grand Coulee Dam . Banks Lake feeds a hundred mile -LRB- 160 km -RRB- irrigation system .
In principle , then , the only remaining problem was to be sure that a public key actually belonged to its claimed owner , this is not a problem easy to solve ; specially when the two users involved have never met and know nothing about each other .
In particular , it has not yet been solved for the modern situation of two previously unknown users attempting to communicate electronically , as , for instance , in electronic commerce .
If two parties wish to exchange encrypted messages , each needs to know how to decrypt received messages and to encrypt sent messages .
Public key infrastructures have been proposed go around the problem of `` identity authentication '' .
If an asymmetric key cipher with the public\/private key property , both will need the other 's public key .
Key exchange is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users , allowing use of a cryptographic system .
Each user is responsible for verifying any certificate from another user before using that certificate to communicate with the user who claims to be associated with the particular public key in a certificate , -LRB- see digital signatures -RRB- .
If they use a code , both will require a copy of the same codebook .
Some of the existing work-around designs work , more or less , but are not fully satisfactory .
The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information needed so , in such a way , that no one else can obtain a copy .
The problem of key exchange has not yet been solved .
However , Diffie-Hellman key exchange did not address the `` identity authentication '' problem of being sure of the actual identity of the person or an entity .
With the arrival of -LRB- public key \/ private key -RRB- cipher algorithms , the encrypting key -LRB- aka , the public key -RRB- could be made public , since -LRB- at least for `` high quality '' ciphers -RRB- no one without the decrypting key -LRB- aka , the private key -RRB- could decrypt the message .
The information they require to do so depends on the encryption technique they might use .
In their most usual implementation , each user applies to a `` certificate authority '' for a digital certificate which serves for other users as a correct -LRB- termed : non-tamperable -RRB- authentication of identity .
In 1976 , Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published a cryptographic protocol , -LRB- Diffie-Hellman key exchange -RRB- , which allows users to establish secure channels in order to exchange keys , even if an attacker is monitoring that communication channel .
If the cipher is a symmetric key cipher , both will need a copy of the same key .
Usually , this required trusted secure channel .
If they use a cipher , they will need appropriate keys .
The production came out on audio cassette by Hodder Headline Audiobooks with BBC Enterprises -LRB- ISBN 1-85998-218-2 -RRB- .
The successful opening night marked the climax of Wilde 's career but also heralded his downfall .
In 1963 , Erik Chisholm made an opera from the play .
After imprisonment , he wrote no further comic or dramatic work .
The production was released on audio cassette by the BBC Radio Collection -LRB- ISBN 0-563-47803-9 -RRB- .
The Marquess of Queensberry , father of Lord Alfred Douglas , Wilde 's lover , planned to present Wilde a bouquet of spoiling vegetables and disrupt the show .
George Bernard Shaw , for example , reviewed the play in the Saturday Review . He said that comedy plays should not only be funny but touching , saying , `` I go to the theater to be moved to laughter '' .
Soon afterwards the feud came to a climax in court , and Wilde 's new notoriety caused the play , despite its success , to be closed after just 86 performances .
The Importance of being Earnest , A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde .
Unlike many other plays at this time , The Importance of Being Earnests light story was not about serious social or political issues . This was something that reviewers at that time were not sure what to think about .
The Importance of Being Earnest has been revived many times since its premiere and adapted for the cinema on three occasions , in 1952 , 1992 and 2002 .
It was directed by Glyn Dearman . Dame Judi Dench was `` Lady Bracknell '' , Sir Michael Hordern was `` Lane '' , Michael Sheen was `` Jack Worthing '' , Martin Clunes was `` Algernon Moncrieff '' , John Moffatt was `` Rev. Canon Chasuble '' , Miriam Margolyes was `` Miss Prism '' , Samantha Bond was `` Gwendolen '' and Amanda Root was `` Cecily '' .
On 13 December 2000 , BBC Radio 3 broadcast a new radio adaptation directed by Howard Davies . In this radio adaption , Geraldine McEwan was `` Lady Bracknell '' , Simon Russell Beale was `` Jack Worthing '' , Julian Wadham was `` Algernon Moncrieff '' , Geoffrey Palmer was `` Rev. Canon Chasuble '' , Celia Imrie was `` Miss Prism '' , Victoria Hamilton was `` Gwendolen '' and Emma Fielding was `` Cecily '' .
Wilde was tipped off , and Queensberry was refused admission .
It was first performed on 14 February 1895 at St. James 's Theatre in London .
Later in a letter he said that the play was `` extremely funny '' but `` really heartless '' .
Forecasting can be done at many different things , like weather forecasting -LRB- predicting the weather -RRB- or economy forecasting . Forecasting is not very precise science , so results are not always reliable .
Forecasting can be done at many different things , like weather forecasting -LRB- predicting the weather -RRB- or economy forecasting .
Thomas Richard Coughlin -LRB- born August 31 , 1946 in Waterloo , New York -RRB- is the head coach for the New York Giants , the 2007 National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- Super Bowl Champions .
The Colorado Avalanche are an NHL team that plays in Denver , Colorado .
Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party -LRB- JKPP -RRB- is a political party of the self-governing state , Azad Kashmir located in Pakistan administered Kashmir .
Since then , the party officially started its working .
Keeping the Democratic principles in mind , The Central Council of 200 members elected the first President of the party .
Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was formed on 19 July 1990 , after observing the changes in political situation of Azad Kashmir , by politicians of same school of thought , under the supervision of the founder of Azad Kashmir , Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan .
The purpose of JKPP 's formation was to provide a platform to the people , through which they can struggle for the Independence and betterment of the society .
The main center of politics of JKPP is Azad Kashmir -LRB- Including Gilgit and Baltistan -RRB- .
The First Convention of Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party was held in Islamabad on 9 December , 1992 .
Psychologists use the word self-esteem to describe whether someone likes them self or not . Someone with high self-esteem might think that they are good at things and are worthwhile .
Some people think that self-esteem is linked to depression , eating disorders and bullying . Some people may also injure themselves if they suffer from a low self-esteem .
In the later part of hosting NBC Nightly News , the program became the most-watched news program in the United States .
Thomas John Brokaw -LRB- born February 6 , 1940 in Webster , South Dakota -RRB- is a popular American television journalist and is the former anchorman -LRB- host -RRB- of NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw .
Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
It has 75 % copper and 25 % nickel .
The Glasgow Warriors will take up a two-year residency at Firhill from the start of the 2007-08 Magners League season .
Firhill Stadium is the home ground of the Scottish association football club , Partick Thistle F.C.
In December 2005 Firhill also became the temporary home of Glasgow 's professional Rugby Union team , Glasgow Warriors , when they moved from their previous base at Hughenden .
Pictures for prints can be cut into plates of metal , usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching ; stone , used for lithography ; blocks of wood for woodcuts , linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing .
Patti Deutsch -LRB- born December 16 , 1945 , in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania -RRB- is an American actress who is best known for appearing the television game show Match Game in the 1970s .
Coucy-le-Ch Ã cents teau-Auffrique is a commune .
Lapeyrouse is a commune .
Gustave Caillebotte -LRB- 19 August 1848 - 21 February 1894 -RRB- was a French painter .
Caillebotte was noted for his interest in photography as an art form .
Bob Jones University -LRB- BJU -RRB- is a private , Protestant Christian , university in Greenville , South Carolina .
Bob Jones University -LRB- BJU -RRB- is a private , Protestant Christian , university in Greenville , South Carolina . The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones , Sr. -LRB- 1883-1968 -RRB- , an evangelist .
The university was founded in 1927 by Bob Jones , Sr. -LRB- 1883-1968 -RRB- , an evangelist .
Rick Nash -LRB- born June 16 , 1984 in Brampton , Ontario -RRB- is an NHL ice hockey right winger for the Columbus Blue Jackets where he is the current team captain .
Saint-Val Ã rien is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
MÃ tley CrÃ 1\/4 e is a hair\/glam metal band from Los Angeles , California , USA , formed in 1981 by 4 members : Vince Neil -LRB- vocals -RRB- , Mick Mars -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Nikki Sixx -LRB- bass -RRB- , and Tommy Lee -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Therefore , Computer engineering is related to Electrical engineering and Computer science .
Parnell is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Emergency Medicine -LRB- abbreviation EM -RRB- is sometimes also called Accident and Emergency Medicine -LRB- AEM -RRB- .
Twin cities of Yalova are Bonn in Germany and Mahachkala in Russia .
The city is along the coast of the Marmara Sea . Yalova has a better quality of life from other Turkish cities .
Danville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Chambonas is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- is a public research university in London . It is the largest college of the federal University of London .
UCL had a total income of Â # 762 million in 2009\/10 , of which Â # 275 million was from research grants and contracts .
UCL has over 100 departments , institutes and research centres in eight faculties .
UCL was the first university institution to be founded in London and the first in England to be established on an entirely secular basis .
UCL 's main campus is in the Bloomsbury area of Central London , with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in Central London .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
There are currently 36 Fellows of the Royal Society , 26 Fellows of the British Academy , 10 Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering and 78 Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences amongst UCL academic and research staff .
UCL has over 4,000 academic and research staff and 648 professors , the highest number of any British university .
UCL is ranked 21st in the world -LRB- and 3rd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 4th in the world -LRB- and 2nd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings and 22nd in the world -LRB- and 5th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
UCL is a major center for biomedical research ; it is part of three of the 12 biomedical research centres established by the NHS in England and is a founding member of UCL Partners , the largest academic health science center in Europe .
While boolean logic only allows true or false , fuzzy logic allows all things in between .
Fuzzy logic is a sort of computer logic that is different from boolean algebra .
Brad Fitzpatrick is the creator of LiveJournal .
Accomac is a town of Virginia in the United States , located in Accomack county .
Delphos is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Computers and electronic clocks are examples of electronic devices that are made up of mostly digital circuits .
Even though digital circuits are used more often , analog circuits will always be necessary .
phpBB is a commonly used , free computer software for forums .
phpBB is a commonly used , free computer software for forums . As the name suggests , phpBB is written in PHP , with the use of one of SQL compatible databases .
He is famous as Sheriff Lobo in the 1970s TV series B.J. and the Bear , and later The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo , a spinoff series .
Claude Marion Akins was an American actor -LRB- born May 25 , 1926 , in Nelson , Georgia - died January 27 , 1994 , in Altadena , California -RRB- .
With his big body and deep voice , Akins usually played the clever -LRB- or less than clever -RRB- tough guy , on the side of good or bad , in movies and television .
Officially nicknamed The Doonhamers , but usually referred to as Queens and sometimes as QoS -LRB- as also listed on the club badge -RRB- , they have played their entire existence based at Palmerston Park on Terregles Street .
Queen of the South Football Club is a Scottish professional football club founded in 1919 and located in Dumfries in south-west Scotland .
They currently play in the Scottish First Division .
While Queens topped Scotland 's top division until Christmas in season 1953-54 their highest-ever finish in the Scottish top flight was fourth in 1933-34 .
Their longest cup run was in the 2007-08 Scottish Cup , in which they reached the final and finished runners up .
The Amazilia Hummingbird -LRB- Amazilia amazilia -RRB- is a species of hummingbird .
The Loja Hummingbird -LRB- A. alticola -RRB- has less tan-brown underparts . It is sometimes thought to be a subspecies of the Amazilia Hummingbird .
Diaspora -LRB- Ancient Greek Î Î Î Ï Ï Î Ï Î , literally , `` a scattering or sowing of seeds '' -RRB- is used -LRB- without capitals -RRB- to refer to any people or racial group forced or made to leave their traditional homelands , being scattered throughout other parts of the world , and their exiled community .
This is because Germany united under one government on 3 October 1990 , three weeks after the treaty was signed .
Six countries signed the treaty but only five ratified -LRB- confirmed -RRB- it . This is because Germany united under one government on 3 October 1990 , three weeks after the treaty was signed .
The capital of this state is Linz .
Upper Austria is one of the nine states or BundeslÃ nder of Austria .
Upper Austria borders on Germany and the Czech Republic , as well as on the other Austrian states of Lower Austria , Styria , and Salzburg .
With an area of 11,980 kmÂ and 1.3 million people , Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by land area and third-largest by population .
The name `` Hadean '' comes from Hades , Greek for `` Underworld '' , due to the conditions on the Earth at the time .
It began at the Earth 's formation about 4.6 billion years ago -LRB- 4,560 mya -RRB- , and ended 3.8 billion years ago .
The geologist Preston Cloud first used the term in 1972 .
The Hadean is the geological eon before the Archaean .
Timothy Duane `` Tim '' Hardaway -LRB- born September 1 , 1966 -RRB- is a retired American basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
It is made of skin and muscle and is found between the penis and anus .
This template converts ONS codes to population , rank or density for Welsh councils .
Typical use : or RNK = or DEN = or DRK = .
Spermicides are normally used with barrier contraception , such as condoms , cervical caps , diaphragms , and contraceptive sponges .
When a spermicide is used as the only form of contraception , the pregnancy rate is much higher than it is when other contraceptives are used .
Coaching stock of British Rail .
It is written in the Latin alphabet like English .
The oldest known document in Maltese is `` Il Cantilena , '' a poem from the 15th century written by Pietro Caxaro . For centuries , Maltese was mainly a spoken language .
Most of the television , radio , and literature in Malta is also in Maltese .
The language has borrowed many words from Sicilian , Italian , and English .
Maltese became an official language of Malta in 1936 , alongside English . Before that year , the only official language of Malta was Italian .
Maltese is the language of Malta , and a language of the European Union .
Very many plants can be either shrubs or trees , depending on the growing conditions .
In botany and ecology a shrub is more specifically used to describe the particular physical structural or plant life-form of woody plants which are less than 8 meters high and usually have many stems arising at or near the base .
For example , a descriptive system widely used in Australia is based on structural characteristics based on life-form , plus the height and amount of foliage cover of the tallest layer or dominant species .
Small , low shrubs such as lavender , periwinkle and thyme are often termed subshrubs .
Edwards was one of the eight Busby Babes who died in the Munich Air Disaster .
Duncan Edwards -LRB- born 1 October 1936 - died 21 February 1958 -RRB- is a former English football player . He played for Manchester United and the England national team .
Brian Boucher -LRB- born January 2 , 1977 in Woonsocket , Rhode Island -RRB- is a professional American ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the NHL .
Longpont is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
As of 2002 , fluid bearings appear to have a mean time between failures of more than 1300 years .
Pelton had been quite an effective promoter of his design and although Doble took over the Pelton company he did not change the name to Doble because it had brand name recognition .
In 1849 , James B. Francis improved the inward flow reaction turbine to over 90 % efficiency .
Flowing water is directed on to the blades of a turbine runner , creating a force on the blades .
The jet pushes the turbine 's curved blades which reverse the flow .
In the United States , it is now illegal to block the migration of fish so fish ladders must be provided by dam builders .
Its runner shape was similar to that of a Francis turbine .
It was an evolution of the Francis turbine but revolutionized the ability to develop low-head hydro sites .
The migration from water wheels to modern turbines took about one hundred years .
Water turbines are divided into two groups ; reaction turbines and impulse turbines .
Inspired by the high pressure jet systems used in hydraulic mining in the gold fields , Knight developed a bucketed wheel which captured the energy of a free jet , which had converted a high head -LRB- hundreds of vertical feet in a pipe or penstock -RRB- of water to kinetic energy .
It is still the most widely used water turbine in the world today .
In 1844 Uriah A. Boyden developed an outward flow turbine that improved on the performance of the Fourneyron turbine .
They use a renewable energy source and are designed to operate for decades .
In 1879 , Lester Pelton , experimenting with a Knight Wheel , developed a double bucket design , which exhausted the water to the side , eliminating some energy loss of the Knight wheel which exhausted some water back against the center of the wheel .
The main difference between early water turbines and water wheels is a swirl component of the water which passes energy to a spinning rotor .
Small turbines -LRB- mostly under 10 MW -RRB- may have horizontal shafts , and even fairly large bulb-type turbines up to 100 MW or so may be horizontal .
The stationary outlet also had curved guides .
Since the late 20th century , it has been possible to construct hydropower systems that divert fish and other organisms away from turbine intakes without significant damage or loss of power ; such systems require less cleaning but are substantially more expensive to construct .
Most water turbines in use are reaction turbines . They are used in low and medium head applications .
They could process more water by spinning faster and could use much greater heads .
Since the runner is spinning , the force acts through a distance -LRB- force acting through a distance is the definition of work -RRB- .
The rotating blades or gated runners of water turbines can interrupt the natural ecology of rivers , killing fish , stopping migrations , and disrupting peoples ' livelihoods .
Turgo and Crossflow turbines were later impulse designs .
They produce significant amounts of the world 's electrical supply .
Turbines are designed to run for decades with very little maintenance of the main elements ; overhaul intervals are on the order of several years .
Now they are mostly used for electric power generation .
Some water turbines are designed for Pumped storage hydroelectricity .
For example , American Indian tribes in the Pacific Northwest had livelihoods built around salmon fishing , but aggressive dam-building destroyed their way of life .
In 1820 , Jean-Victor Poncelet developed an inward-flow turbine .
Newton 's Third Law of Motion describes the transfer of energy for reaction turbines .
Impulse turbines change the velocity of a water jet .
Segner worked with Euler on some of the early mathematical theories of turbine design .
Damage areas are cut or ground out , then welding back up to their original or an improved profile .
It is a very simple machine that is still produced today for use in small hydro sites .
Other elements requiring inspection and repair during overhauls include bearings , packing box and shaft sleeves , servomotors , cooling systems for the bearings and generator coils , seal rings , wicket gate linkage elements and all surfaces .
Turbine selection is based mostly on the available water head , and less so on the available flow rate .
Elaborate welding procedures may be used to achieve the highest quality repairs .
Large modern water turbines operate at mechanical efficiencies greater than 90 % -LRB- not to be confused with thermodynamic efficiency -RRB- .
Development occurred during the Industrial revolution , using scientific principles and methods .
Impulse turbines are most often used in very high head applications .
The water 's velocity , roughly twice the velocity of the bucket periphery , does a u-turn in the bucket and drops out of the runner at 0 velocity .
They also made extensive use of new materials and manufacturing methods developed at the time .
This is the modern form of the Pelton turbine which today achieves up to 92 % efficiency .
-LRB- Later , impulse turbines were developed which did not use swirl -RRB- .
This was an efficient machine -LRB- ~ 80 % -RRB- that sent water through a runner with blades curved in one dimension .
Steel elements are repaired by welding , usually with stainless steel rod .
Old turbine runners may have a significant amount of stainless steel added this way by the end of their lifetime .
In this way , energy is transferred from the water flow to the turbine .
He also conducted sophisticated tests and developed engineering methods for water turbine design .
This is called an impulse or tangential turbine .
Water wheels have been used for thousands of years for industrial power .
Kaplan turbines are well-adapted to wide ranges of flow or head conditions , since their peak efficiency can be achieved over a wide range of flow conditions .
Normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
This additional component of motion allowed the turbine to be smaller than a water wheel of the same power .
It had a horizontal axis and was a precursor to modern water turbines .
A reaction turbine needs to fully contain the water during energy transfer .
In 1826 Benoit Fourneyron developed an outward-flow turbine .
A water turbine is a rotary engine that takes energy from moving water .
Since the turbine is spinning , the force acts through a distance -LRB- work -RRB- and the diverted water flow is left with diminished energy .
The Francis turbine , named for him , is the first modern water turbine .
No pressure change occurs at the turbine blades , and the turbine does not require a housing for operation .
In general , impulse turbines are used for high head sites , and reaction turbines are used for low head sites .
They can reverse flow and operate as a pump to fill a high reservoir during off-peak electrical hours , and then revert to a turbine for power generation during peak electrical demand .
In about 1895 , William Doble improved on Pelton 's half-cylindrical bucket form with an elliptical bucket that included a cut in it to allow the jet a cleaner bucket entry .
JÃ n Andrej Segner developed a reactive water turbine in the mid-1700s .
Around 1913 , Victor Kaplan created the Kaplan turbine , a propeller-type machine .
Reaction turbines are acted on by water , which changes pressure as it moves through the turbine and gives up its energy .
They must be encased to contain the water pressure -LRB- or suction -RRB- , or they must be fully submerged in the water flow .
Very large Francis and Kaplan machines usually have vertical shafts because this makes best use of the available head , and makes installation of a generator more economical .
Inward flow water turbines have a better mechanical arrangement and all modern reaction water turbines are of this design .
The word turbine was coined by the French engineer Claude Bourdin in the early 19th century and is derived from the Latin word for `` whirling '' or a `` vortex '' .
Their main shortcoming is size , which limits the flow rate and head that can be used .
Some impulse turbines use multiple water jets per runner to increase specific speed and balance shaft thrust .
Around 1890 , the modern fluid bearing was invented , now universally used to support heavy water turbine spindles .
This type of turbine is usually a Deriaz or Francis in design .
All common water machines until the late 19th century -LRB- including water wheels -RRB- were reaction machines ; water 's pressure head acted on the machine and produced work .
Prior to hitting the turbine blades , the water 's pressure -LRB- potential energy -RRB- is converted to kinetic energy by a nozzle and focused on the turbine .
Historically there have also been negative consequences .
Maintenance of the runners and parts exposed to water include removal , inspection , and repair of worn parts .
Pelton wheels may be either vertical or horizontal shaft machines because the size of the machine is so much less than the available head .
The resulting change in momentum -LRB- impulse -RRB- causes a force on the turbine blades .
In 1866 , California millwright Samuel Knight invented a machine that worked off a completely different concept .
Water pressure decreases to zero as it passes through the turbine blades and gives up its energy .
Water turbines were developed in the nineteenth century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids .
They harness a clean and renewable energy source .
In other words , it is the maximum energy per volume that can be elastically stored .
In physics and engineering , resilience is defined as the capacity of a material to absorb energy when it is deformed elastically and then , upon unloading to have this energy recovered .
An example of a biomaterial which has a high resilience is articular cartilage , the substance lining the ends of bones in articulating joints such as the knee and hip .
Modulus of Resilience , , can be calculated using the following formula : , where is yield stress , E is Young 's modulus , and is strain .
It is represented by the area under the curve in the elastic region in the Stress-Strain diagram .
They are Dendrocitta , Crypsirina , Temnurus and Platysmurus .
RegiÃ n AutÃ noma del AtlÃ ntico Norte is an autonomous region of Nicaragua .
Its capital is Puerto Cabezas .
The '' '' would normally be the name of the person , as it appears in Structurae ; if omitted , the name of the referencing Wikipedia page is used .
This template is for `` person '' entries only ; use for `` structure '' entries ; templates for other entry kinds -LRB- projects , companies , etc. -RRB- may be created at a later time , as the need arises .
Usage is as follows :
This is a proposed template for linking to biography entries in the Structurae database .
Note that the '' '' field includes the leading `` d '' in the `` Person-ID '' key .
The Germanic languages are separated into the East Germanic languages -LRB- these are no longer spoken -RRB- , the North Germanic languages and the West Germanic languages .
The Germanic languages are a language family in the Indo-European languages .
Murphy Brown is an American situation comedy which aired beginning November 14 , 1988 until May 18 , 1998 on CBS .
Niceville is a city of Florida in the United States .
Niederwil is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Sooyoung -LRB- born February 10 , 1990 -RRB- , real name Choi Soo-young , is a South Korean singer , dancer , actress , TV presenter , model , and DJ .
A polymath studies many different kinds of knowledge . A polymath might be very good at language and mathematics and science and art and music , all at the same time .
During the 2010 General Election and the 2009 European Parliament Election , the party allied itself to the UK Conservative Party and called itself Ulster Conservatives and Unionists - New Force .
Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality of the district of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
This would be the last time an NHL team moved until 1993 .
Cashman was the last to play , losing in the Wales Conference Finals as a player for the Bruins .
Before the start of the season , the Colorado Rockies moved to East Rutherford , New Jersey where they were renamed New Jersey Devils .
New York wins the series 4 â `` 0 .
The last remaining players from the Original Six era , -LRB- Carol Vadnais , Serge Savard , and Wayne Cashman -RRB- all retired after this season .
The 1982 â `` 83 NHL season was the 66th season of the National Hockey League .
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers
The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders went from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall . The high-scoring Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall .
The Oilers also tied the Boston Bruins ' 1971 record for most 100-point players in one season as Wayne Gretzky , Glenn Anderson , Jari Kurri , and Mark Messier all had more than 100 points .
The Oilers set a new record , which they had just set the previous year , for most goals in a season with 424 . They were led by Wayne Gretzky , who had 196 points .
The New York Islanders won their fourth Stanley Cup in a row by beating the Edmonton Oilers four games to none .
They were also moved to the Patrick Division , making the unwilling Winnipeg Jets to leave the Norris Division and take Colorado 's place in the Smythe Division .
The Boston Bruins led the league in total points with 110 .
No team in any major professional North American sport has won four championships in a row since the Islanders .
Hitler was been influenced by Martin Luther 's On the Jews and their Lies .
Adolf Hitler -LRB- German pronunciation : adÉ '' lf hÉ tlÉ ; 20 April 1889 in Braunau am Inn , Austria â `` 30 April 1945 in Berlin , Germany -RRB- was the leader of Germany during World War II . Hitler also lead the NSDAP -LRB- often called the Nazi Party -RRB- , the democratically elected party which ruled Germany at this time .
At the time , the name Hitler changed in this region several times between HÃ 1\/4 ttler , Hiedler , Hittler and Hitler .
He called himself the FÃ 1\/4 hrer -LRB- leader -RRB- of the German Empire . He ruled until 1945 when he killed himself .
In Mein Kampf , Hitler refers to Martin Luther as `` a great warrior , a true statesman and a great reformer . ''
Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas , the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka .
Hyderabad Taluka -LRB- rural -RRB- is an administrative subdivision -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Nicolas Appert -LRB- ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne 1749 - Massy 1841 -RRB- was a French inventor .
As of the 2000 U.S. census , the city population was 12,708 and is about sixteen miles away from Angleton .
Dow Chemical is the major employer in Freeport , as the company operates a large chemical plant complex in Freeport .
Freeport is a city in Brazoria County , Texas within the Houston â `` Sugar Land â `` Baytown Metropolitan Area and is situated in Southeast Texas .
In the 2000s , hip hop music and hip hop culture are very popular in the United States and Canada .
The rap and hip hop music industry has become one of the most successful music genres .
In the 2000s , hip hop music and hip hop culture are very popular in the United States and Canada . Hip hop musicians usually use nicknames .
Hip hop musicians usually use nicknames .
BrÃ xent - Ã nocq is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
BiÃ ville-Qu Ã tiÃ ville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Giubiasco is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
PokÃ mon Ruby and Sapphire had a remake called PokÃ mon Emerald , which changed a few things , and added a Battle Frontier .
They 're the third main games in the PokÃ mon series , and increased the number of PokÃ mon to 386 .
PokÃ mon Ruby and Sapphire are two role-playing games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld . They 're the third main games in the PokÃ mon series , and increased the number of PokÃ mon to 386 .
PokÃ mon Ruby and Sapphire are two role-playing games made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld .
Francisco Javier GarcÃ a -LRB- born 8 February 1987 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Benfica .
Scientologists are people who are members of the Church of Scientology .
Marinho Peres -LRB- born 19 March , 1947 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
A cricket ball is a hard , solid ball used to play cricket .
In men 's cricket the ball must weigh between 5.5 and 5.75 ounces -LRB- 137.5 and 143.8 g -RRB- and measure between 8 13\/16 and 9 in -LRB- 220 and 225 mm -RRB- in circumference .
Old Street station is a central London National Rail and London Underground station . It is located at the junction of Old Street and City Road .
The station is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
It lies on the border between the boroughs of Islington and Hackney .
Dracula is a horror novel by the Irish writer Bram Stoker . The novel was first published in England in 1897 .
Dracula traps Harker in his castle , and travels to England .
Bogy is a commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in the southern part of France .
Bogy can be found about 10 km from Annonay , and 50 km from Valence .
During the Second Boer War -LRB- 1899 â `` 1902 -RRB- , the South African Republic was annexed as the Colony of the Transvaal , which existed until 1910 , when it became the Province of Transvaal in the Union of South Africa .
Following India 's independence in 1947 , a treaty signed between the Chogyal and the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru gave India suzerainty over Sikkim in exchange for it retaining its independence .
This continued until 1975 , when the Sikkimese monarchy was abrogated in favor of a merger into India .
Suzerainty -LRB- RP or \/ Ë sjuË zÉ reÉ nti \/ RP -RRB- -LRB- \/ Ë suË zÉ rÉ nti \/ GA -RRB- is a situation in which a region or people is a tributary to a more powerful entity which allows the tributary some limited domestic autonomy to control its foreign affairs .
A suzerain can also mean a feudal lord , to whom vassals must pay tribute .
The Amindivi group of islands -LRB- Amini , Kadmat , Kiltan , Chetlat and Bitra -RRB- came under the rule of Tipu Sultan in 1787 .
The more powerful entity in the suzerainty relationship , or the head of state of that more powerful entity , is called a suzerain .
Located in the Arabian Sea , Lakshadweep is a Union territory of India off the coast of the south western state of Kerala .
India no longer looks after the external , defense , communications , and foreign affairs of Bhutan .
The term suzerainty was originally used to describe the relationship between the Ottoman Empire and its surrounding regions .
However India provides substantial support to the Royal Bhutan Army and guarantees its support against external aggression .
It differs from sovereignty in that the tributary has some -LRB- limited -RRB- self-rule .
After the First Boer War -LRB- 1880 â `` 81 -RRB- , the South African Republic was granted its independence , under British suzerainty .
Sikkim is now one of the states of India .
Gorbio is a commune .
Many species are critically endangered .
Poison dart frog is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae . They are native to Central and South America .
Although all dendrobatids are at least somewhat toxic in the wild , levels of toxicity vary greatly from one species to the next , and from one population to another .
Unlike most frogs , this species is active during the day . Also , they often have brightly-colored bodies .
At the boundary , the western edge of the Pacific Plate is subducted beneath the small Mariana Plate .
The Mariana Trench is the deepest known submarine trench . It is also the deepest known location on Earth itself .
The movement of these plates is also responsible for the formation of the Mariana Islands .
Because the Pacific plate is the largest of all the tectonic plates on Earth , crustal material at its western edge has had up to 170 million years to compact and become very dense ; hence its great height-difference relative to the higher-riding Mariana Plate , at the point where the Pacific Plate crust is subducted .
This deep area is the Mariana trench proper .
The most recent -LRB- 1 June 2009 -RRB- sonar mapping of the Challenger Deep from the Kilo Moana , has found a spot with a depth of 10971 m -LRB- 6.82 miles -RRB- . The sonar system has an accuracy of better than 0.2 % of water depth -LRB- this is an error of about 22 m at this depth -RRB- .
Sid Meier -LRB- born at February 24 1954 in Sarnia , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is an American video game developer , most well-known for his turn-based strategy games .
He founded Microprose in 1982 with Bill Stealey .
In 1996 he left Microprose and joined Firaxis Games .
A Grackle is a bird that lives around North and South America .
They belong to the Icterid family .
Jasmine is a genus of plants .
A hi-hat , or hihat , is a type of cymbal usually used part of a drum kit . It is used in many forms of music including reggae , jazz and rock and roll as well as many others .
Aung San -LRB- February 13 1915 â `` July 19 1947 -RRB- was a Burmese revolutionary , nationalist , general , and politician .
He was the father of Nobel Peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi .
Silent Alarm Remixed is a collection of remixes of Silent Alarm , the debut album by British indie rock band Bloc Party .
Jean-Pierre Cassel -LRB- real name Jean-Pierre Crochon , October 27,1932 - April 19 , 2007 -RRB- was a French actor .
Drummond is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Lestrem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Its capital is Lincoln . The largest city in Nebraska is Omaha .
Nebraska is a state in the center of the United States .
Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and last book in J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
He won the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with Otto Loewi , for their discoveries about the chemical transmission of nerve impulses .
Sir Henry Hallett Dale , OM , GBE , PRS , -LRB- 9 June 1875 - 23 July 1968 -RRB- was an English pharmacologist .
Ken Fujita -LRB- born 27 August 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Ventforet Kofu .
Beams generally carry vertical forces , but can also be used to carry horizontal loads -LRB- Those loads can result from wind or an earthquake -RRB- .
Peter Bosz -LRB- born 21 November 1963 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player . He has played for Netherlands national team .
This example uses an infobox width of 20.8 em with an image width of 230px :
Will Robson Emilio Andrade -LRB- born 15 December 1973 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Lagnieu is a commune .
The capital is also called Zacatecas .
Zacatecas is a state in central Mexico .
It has 9 cantons and 107 communes .
The arrondissement of Belley is an arrondissement of France , located in the Ain department , in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region .
He then spent the next few seasons in minor league baseball . He was later released by the Astros on April 27 , 1984 .
He had a few bad business deals and went through two divorces . This left him homeless in 1994 .
James Rodney `` J. R. '' Richard -LRB- born March 7 , 1950 -RRB- is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Houston Astros .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome .
It is named after Guido Fanconi who first described the disease , in 1929 .
Antonio Cabrini -LRB- born 8 October 1957 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
The Gulf War , or Persian Gulf War , was a conflict in 1991 , between Iraq and 34 other countries , led by the United States . It started with the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq on August 2 , 1990 and ended the following spring when Iraq 's armies were fought away .
Biggleswade is a town near the A1 road in Bedfordshire , England . In 2001 there were 15,383 people living in Biggleswade .
As a result of this defect , one of the molecules that make up myelin can not be synthesized as it should .
Myelin is made of at least ten different chemicals .
Yuya Hashiuchi -LRB- born 13 July 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tokushima Vortis .
The people call upon the god of love and marriage to bless the royal pair and bring peace .
The story , based on an Ancient Greek story , takes place on the Island of Crete , shortly after the Trojan War .
The Cretan soldiers get off Idomeneo 's ship and are met by their wives , and all praise Neptune .
Arbace comes with news that the people , led by the High Priest of Neptune , are shouting that they want Idomeneo .
Idomeneo is not lost at sea , but instead is saved by Neptune -LRB- god of the sea -RRB- and is washed up on a Cretan beach .
The High Priest tells the king that Neptune 's monster is destroying things , and asks Idomeneo to say the name of the person whose sacrifice is demanded by the god .
Outside the temple , the king and High Priest join with Neptune 's priests to pray that the god will be kind and merciful .
Idomeneo says that Idamante and his bride as the new rulers .
Electra is happy about going to Argos with Idamante .
Idomeneo 's kind words to Ilia make her say very kindly that , because she has lost everything , he will be her father and Crete will be her country .
The Trojans and Cretans -LRB- people from Crete -RRB- both welcome the return of peace , but Electra , daughter of the Greek King Agamemnon is jealous of Ilia .
Electra , is worried that Ilia , a Trojan , soon will be Queen of Crete , feels the furies of Hades tormenting her .
The libretto -LRB- words -RRB- are in Italian and were written by Giambattista Varesco who based it on a French text by Antoine Danchet .
They are surprised by Electra and Idomeneo .
Arbace brings news that Idamante has killed the monster .
When he says he would like to die because Ilia does not love him .
Ilia asks Electra for some kindness , but Elektra is madly jealous of Ilia now , and she wants revenge .
At the king 's palace , Idomeneo asks Arbace what he should do , because he has disobeyed the god . Arbace says that Neptune would be happy if another victim could be sacrificed so long as Idamante is sent into exile -LRB- to another country -RRB- .
Idomeneo 's kind words to Ilia make her say very kindly that , because she has lost everything , he will be her father and Crete will be her country . As she leaves , Idomeneo realizes that sending Idamante into exile has made Ilia unhappy .
Arbace , the king 's trusted friend , brings news that Idomeneo has been drowned at sea while returning to Crete from Troy .
Idomeneo is an opera by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Before the ship can sail , however , a storm breaks out , and a sea serpent appears .
He tells Ilia that it is not his fault that their fathers were enemies .
Idomeneo tells his son to take Electra to her home , Argos .
When the king says that his own son is the victim , the people are horrified .
When Idomeneo finally realizes it is his own son he must kill , he tells Idamante to go away and never see him again .
Idomeneo is now worried that Neptune will want even more revenge . Idamante enters in sacrificial robes , saying he understands his father 's terrible worries and he is ready to die . , Idomeneo says a tragic goodbye to his own son and is about to kill him , when Ilia steps forward and offers to die instead .
Idamante is kind and frees the Trojan prisoners .
In 1780 Mozart and Varesco were asked by the Elector of Bavaria to write an opera for a court carnival .
When Idamante asks his father why he sends him away , Idomeneo can not tell him the truth .
In the royal garden , Ilia asks the gentle winds to carry her love to Idamante . Idamante says he must go to fight the serpent .
Ilia has been taken to Crete . She loves Prince Idamante , son of Idomeneo , but does not want to tell him about her love for him .
As she leaves , Idomeneo realizes that sending Idamante into exile has made Ilia unhappy .
The equivalent North American term is caboose but a British brake van and a caboose are very different in appearance because the former usually has only four wheels while the latter usually has bogies .
Brake van and guard 's van are terms used mainly in the UK and Australia for a railway vehicle equipped with a hand brake which can be applied by the guard .
Hostiaz is a commune .
Taijiro Kurita -LRB- born 3 March 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
See also : : Category :0 s deaths .
People born in the 0s .
She now is a Special Envoy on climate change for the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon .
She is a former Prime Minister of Norway , and was the Director General of the World Health Organization .
Juvigny-sur-Seulles is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Bukit Timah is near the center of Singapore island .
Today , these have been replaced with luxury bungalows , terraces and condominiums , making Bukit Timah Singapore 's premier residential district .
The Japanese war dead were brought back to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine , while the remains of the British troops were instituted at the British Commonwealth 's Kranji War Memorial in Singapore .
For example , the Copthorne Orchid Hotel in Dunearn Road is being redeveloped into condominiums for sale .
The hill was on the map as the eastern source of the Kranji River .
Two war memorials dedicated to the Japanese war dead and surprisingly , to the deceased British troops who died defending Singapore , were built at the site .
The present site where the Shinto Shrine existed , lied at a gray area between the Nature Reserve and Singapore Armed Forces restricted area .
The hill was an `` excellent sanatorium '' , as the air was `` cooler and fresher than the plain , producing an agreeable exhilaration of spirits '' .
The Wayang Satu and Bukit Timah village parts are differently called .
Several historians have been down at the site , and an episode from then Television Corporation of Singapore -LRB- TCS -RRB- history documentary show , `` Hey Singapore '' , was on the mysterious Shinto Shrine .
The area of Bukit Timah has an extensive flora and forest compared to the parts of Singapore , and contains Bukit Timah Nature Reserve , which is partially responsible for its high land value .
This region was later extended and Upper Bukit Timah -LRB- District 21 -RRB- was formed .
During the Japanese Occupation , the Japanese troops built a Syonan-to Shinto shrine -LRB- Syonan-to was the Occupation name for Singapore -RRB- , similar to the National Shinto in Japan but of a smaller size , at Bukit Timah Hill .
It was only shortly before the Japanese surrender , the Japanese forces hastily destroyed the Shinto Shrine , on fears that returning British forces will demolish it in an bad manner .
During World War II , the British Army lost Bukit Timah to the Japanese on February 11th , they knew they had little chance of winning the war as most of their food and supplies were stored there .
The surrounding area is called Bukit Timah .
Nothing of the Syonan-to Shinto shrine remains , except for the Holy Cleansing Pond and several Japanese stone pavements left at the site .
This only refers to the lower end of the Bukit Timah Road .
In 1860 , nearly 200 people were reported to have been killed by tigers in and about the gambier and pepper plantations .
The first ride on horseback across the island was along Bukit Timah Road in 1840 ; it took four days and was made by Mr Thomson and Dr Little .
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
After the Japanese Occupation , the farms and plantations in Bukit Timah gave way to industrial buildings and high-rise flats .
The Bukit Timah Race Course , a Thoroughbred horse racing facility , was opened in 1933 and operated until 1999 .
Apparently , the area was so infested with tigers that it constituted a serious threat to human life .
Bukit Timah , which means `` tin-bearing hill '' in Malay , was on the 1828 map by Frankin and Philip Jackson as Bukit Timah .
Students , Japanese commanders , British POWs ' representatives would gather there regularly to commemorate the dead during the Occupation .
Many expatriates and well heeled Singaporeans tend to stay in this region .
Bukit Timah is a hill in Singapore which stands at an altitude of 163.63 metres -LRB- 537 ft. -RRB- and is the highest point in the city-state of Singapore .
The nature reserve was established in 1883 .
The Hokkiens also refer to Bukit Timah as be chia lo bue , meaning `` end of the horse carriage road '' .
The road to Kranji was completed in 1845 .
No plans have been indicated to restore the site , on speculations of angry responses from the People Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- and abroad .
Bukit Timah is 10 kilometres -LRB- 6 miles -RRB- from Singapore 's business district .
This course is closed to the public , unlike the former course -LRB- now Farrer Park -RRB- where the general public enjoyed watching the king 's sport for free .
The Keretapi Tanah Melayu from Malaysia has a passing loop station here along its rail network from Johor Bahru to Tanjong Pagar .
The 25-km long Bukit Timah Road , the longest road in Singapore , running north and south of the island , takes its name from this hill .
In December 1843 , a road was built up to the hill .
The nearby area houses many bungalows , traditionally expensive in land-scarce Singapore , as well as high rise condominiums .
For some , it is synonymous with the Singapore Turf Club , where members and paying visitors flock on race days .
Bukit Timah Road is known as tek kha kang a kinn in Hokkien , which means `` the side of the stream in the tek kha -LRB- or Selegie Road -RRB- district '' .
Since then , the Singapore Government has erected the place as `` Historical Site '' .
The Bukit Timah area is a particularly prominent location with a high land value .
In the 1960s and 1970s , Bukit Timah was a major industrial center .
On 15 February 1942 , the head of the Allied forces , Lieutenant General A.E. Percival surrendered to Lieutenant General Tomoyuki Yamashita at the Ford Factory in Bukit Timah .
Please do not add unreferenced or poorly referenced information , especially if controversial , to articles or any other page on Wikipedia about living persons .
Atomu Tanaka -LRB- born 4 October 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Saint-Andr Ã - et-Appelles is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Tommaso Rocchi -LRB- born 19 September 1977 -RRB- is an Italian football player . He plays for Lazio .
Sparta is a town in Alleghany County , North Carolina , United States .
The population was 1,817 people as of the year 2000 .
It is the county seat of Alleghany County .
Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune of 546 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It developed into the governing body of Freemasonry in England .
`` Regular '' Freemasonry is only for men , but there are also co-ed Masonic lodges -LRB- and lodges for only Women -RRB- that are not recognized as legitimate by the `` regular '' groups . All of these lodges believe in `` brotherly love , relief and truth '' .
In 1717 the first Grand Lodge -LRB- the Grand Lodge of England -RRB- was formed .
The local groups in various countries are known as `` lodges '' . At the State or National level are `` Grand Lodges '' .
At the State or National level are `` Grand Lodges '' .
It was Bush 's biggest pop hit , peaking at number 28 on the Billboard Hot 100 on February 24 , 1996 and the Hot 100 Airplay on January 27 , 1996 .
`` Glycerine '' reached number one for two weeks in December of 1996 .
`` Glycerine '' is the fourth single by the post-grunge band Bush .
The song is notable for not featuring any drums .
Greta Garbo -LRB- September 18 , 1905 -- April 15 , 1990 -RRB- was a Swedish actress , possibly the greatest and most famous of film stars .
Their new album `` Desolation of Eden '' reached number 21 on The Billboard Top Heatseekers Chart .
Chelsea Grin is an American deathcore band from Salt Lake City , Utah .
The Intolerable Acts or the Coercive Acts were names given by the American colonists of laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774 .
Cataplexy is sometimes confused with epilepsy , where a series of flashes or other stimuli cause superficially similar seizures .
Cataplexy is a medical condition . People who have cataplexy will sometimes see that some of their muscles suddenly fail them .
As a linguistic-cultural and political region , North India consists of twelve Indian states : Himachal Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Haryana , Punjab , Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , Jharkhand , Chhatisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan -LRB- Bihar and Jharkhand are also considered as parts of East India -RRB- .
An allegory -LRB- from Greek Î Î '' Î '' Î Ï , `` other '' , and Î Î Î Ï Î Ï
Allegory is an example of rhetoric , but an allegory does not have to be a story in language . It may be something to look at , such as a painting or sculpture .
It was named in August 2003 after a fictional shaman in the book The Curse of the Shaman , written by Michael Kusugak , who supplied Kavelaars with the names of giants from Inuit mythology that were used for other Saturnian moons .
It was found by Brett J. Gladman , John J. Kavelaars , Jean-Marc Petit , Hans Scholl , Matthew J. Holman , Brian G. Marsden , Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns in early October 2000 , and given the designation S\/2000 S 2 .
Paaliaq is thought to be about 22 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15,200,000 km in 687 days .
Together with Kiviuq and Siarnaq , Paaliaq has light-red colors , further supporting that the Inuit group might have been formed when a bigger body broken up .
They can only can be found in and around the city of Vinh .
It was released on limited edition vinyl . His second single from his album was called `` Acceptable in the 80s '' , a tribute to the style and culture of the decade .
His first album I Created Disco was released on 18 June 2007 .
He had caught Minogue 's attention after his recordings had been passed on to her by another record producer .
The album contained uptempo electronic sounding songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s .
Harris says that working with Kylie was `` surreal , but fun '' although revealed to mixmag in 2007 to `` needing a few drinks before meeting her . ''
In 2007 , Harris also recorded with Kylie Minogue .
To promote I Created Disco , Harris left to go on a tour of the UK , supporting Faithless and Groove Armada .
It has been confirmed that Harris has co-written and produced two songs on the forthcoming Kylie album , ` In My Arms ' and ` Heart Beat Rock ' .
Calvin Harris signed record contracts with EMI -LRB- publishing -RRB- and Sony BMG -LRB- recording -RRB- in 2006 , after his music had been found on the social networking website , MySpace .
The fourth release from the album was `` Merrymaking at My Place '' however it only reached # 43 in the UK chart .
The song reached the top ten on the UK singles chart , remaining on the chart for fifteen weeks .
This category is for articles related to the Donkey Kong series .
The Tollense is a river in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in northeastern Germany , right tributary of the Peene .
The Tollense is -LRB- -RRB- long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin .
Hundreds of bone fragments , as well as wooden weaponry and flintstone arrowheads have been discovered .
Many showed signs of injury and violent death .
The finds were possible due to the preservation of the former swamp ground and the fact that the Tollense has never really changed its flow .
The river starts as the outflow of the lake Tollensesee in Neubrandenburg .
It is now estimated that about 200 people died in a battle-like scenario in that valley about 1250 BC .
More investigation of the grounds is planned for the years 2010 to 2015 .
In 2008 research was concentrated on an area of .
Since the population then was about 5 people per square kilometre , about 13 people per square mile , this would 've been the most important battle in bronze age Germany yet to be discovered .
Nagri Tutial is 1243 metres -LRB- 4081 feet -RRB- above the level of the sea .
Nagri Tutial a famous and beautiful village in Pakistan . It is in the south east of the district , next to the Punjab .
Khan Bahadur Khan Abdul Rehman Khan Sahib , a Minister in the North West Frontier Province from 1932 to 1942 , was born in Nagri Totial .
Nagri Tutial which means the town of the Tutials is named after Abassi chief Toota Khan -LRB- a son of Doomat Khan -RRB- .
He helped with getting an electricity supply to the village .
Nagri Tutial -LRB- also known as Nagri Totial -RRB- is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Khan 's brother , Raja Sardar Khan Sahib , was a member of parliament from 1947 to 1952 .
Nagri Tutial shares a borders with the other Union Councils in Abbottabad District - to the north and east with Seer Gharbi , to the west with Nara , and to the south with Lora .
His nephew , Sardar Anyat-u-Rehman Khan Abbasi was also a member of parliament .
He also had a part in getting the Upper Dewalâ '' Kohala Road and the Ghora Galiâ '' Lora Road begun in 1964 , and finished in 1968 .
His nephew started many primary , middle and high schools in the area .
Easton is a village on the Isle of Wight .
It is located close to Totland in the west of the island .
It is the headquarters of Wokingham District .
Wokingham is a town in Berkshire in the south of England .
30,403 people were living there in 2001 .
Ocoee is a city of Florida in the United States .
Daisuke Takahashi -LRB- born 18 September 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Cerezo Osaka .
Keisuke Iwashita -LRB- born 24 September 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse .
Chaourse is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
1997 -LRB- MCMXCVII -RRB- was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar .
Dennis Rodman -LRB- born May 13 , 1961 -RRB- played basketball in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- from 1986 to 2000 . He won two championships with the Detroit Pistons and three more with the Chicago Bulls .
Boubers-l Ã s-Hesmond is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Dallas Page -LRB- born Page Joseph Falkinburg , Jr. ; August 13 , 1970 in Point Pleasant , New Jersey -RRB- is a retired American professional wrestler who is probably best known for wrestling with World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- , Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- under the ring name , `` Diamond '' Dallas Page or `` DDP '' for short .
He has also played for the Orlando Magic from 2008 to 2010 before being traded to the Phoenix Suns along with Vince Carter , Mickael Pietrus , a 2011 first-round draft pick , and $ 3 million for Hedo TÃ 1\/4 rkoÄ lu , Jason Richardson , and Earl Clark .
Marcin Gortat -LRB- born February 17 , 1984 in Å Ã dÅ , Poland -RRB- is a Polish basketball player who currently plays for the Phoenix Suns as a Power forward and Center .
Valentine 's Day is a holiday that happens on February 14 .
Fantasy is a genre of art , books , film , television , and music that uses magic and other supernatural things as a main part of either plot , theme , setting , or all three .
The last elections in 2004 brought the CDU twelve seats , the other four went to the free voters ' association -LRB- FWG Aach e. V. -RRB- In the same elections Mayor Josef Klein -LRB- CDU -RRB- was voted into office with nearly 74 % of the votes .
Aach is a municipality in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Aach has a council with sixteen seats .
It is situated in the southern Eifel mountains .
Aach lies about 6 km north of the center of Trier .
It is part of Trier-Land , a Verbandsgemeinde .
MonciÃ n is a city and municipality of the Santiago RodrÃ guez province , in northwestern Dominican Republic .
The core of that work is to measure , interpret , and describe some events in the world and spot patterns within them .
The field shares much common history with social science , but often with a greater view on complex mathematical methods .
Typical work might involve developing a model and sampling plans , analyzing survey results , or making agricultural or econometric forecasts .
Statistics was employed in ancient Egypt in censuses of population and cattle .
A statistician is someone who works with theoretical or applied statistics .
Many professional statisticians have a PhD .
They often are employed to support managerial decisions or to supervise quality control in manufacturing .
Of these people , approximately 30 % worked for governments -LRB- federal , state , or local -RRB- .
The profession exists in both the private and public sectors .
The applications are varied .
Civilizations have used the work of statisticians for thousands of years .
According to the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics , as of 2008 , there were 22,600 jobs listed as statistician in the United States .
Statisticians apply their knowledge to production , research , finance , medicine , insurance , census-taking , government , etc. .
Additionally , there are substantial numbers of persons who use statistics in their work but have job titles other than statistician .
It is common to combine statistical knowledge with expertise in other subjects .
The job of statistician is considered a profession .
Most employment as a statistician requires a minimum of a masters degree in statistics or a related field .
Most statisticians work in offices and have regular working hours and can therefore be considered to be white-collar workers .
A lower number of statisticians are self-employed as statistical consultants .
2036 -LRB- MMXXXVI -RRB- will be a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian Calendar .
He was General Plenipotentiary for Labor Deployment from 1942 until the end of the war . He was tried and executed .
Ernst Friedrich Christoph `` Fritz '' Sauckel -LRB- 27 October 1894 â `` 16 October 1946 -RRB- was a Nazi war criminal . He organized the systematic enslavement of millions from lands occupied by Nazi Germany .
The couple moved to London , where Stoker became business manager of Irving 's Lyceum Theatre , a post he held for 27 years .
Abraham `` Bram '' Stoker -LRB- November 8 , 1847 â `` April 20 , 1912 -RRB- was an Irish writer , best remembered as the author of the influential horror novel Dracula .
Her chief legal complaint was that she had been neither asked for permission for the adaptation nor paid any royalty .
Before writing Dracula , Stoker spent eight years researching European folklore and stories of vampires .
Nosferatu was produced while Florence Stoker , Bram Stoker 's widow and literary executrix , was still alive .
Represented by the attorneys of the British Incorporated Society of Authors , she eventually sued the filmmakers .
The suit was finally resolved in the widow 's favor in July 1925 .
They had one son , Irving Noel Stoker who was born 31 December 1879 .
The first was Nosferatu directed by Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau and starring Max Schreck as Count Orlock .
Dracula is an epistolary novel , written as collection of diary entries , telegrams , and letters from the characters , as well as fictional clippings from the Whitby and London newspapers .
The case dragged on for some years , with Mrs Stoker demanding the destruction of the negative and all prints of the movie .
The collaboration with Irving was very important for Stoker . Through him he became involved in London 's high society , where he met , among other notables , James McNeil Whistler and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
Bazenville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Clayton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
MÃ 1\/4 lligen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Spanish Wikipedia -LRB- In Spanish : Wikipedia en espaÃ ol -RRB- is a Spanish-language edition of Wikipedia .
Li Guang became a soldier when he was young .
'' ` Is Anybody Home ? ' ''
is a 2000 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the second single from their third studio album Happiness ... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch , which was released in 1999 .
Valcolla is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The leitmotifs are all introduced in the overture . We hear the famous leitmotif of the ocean and then those of the Dutchman and of Senta , the girl he falls in love with .
Der fliegende HollÃ nder -LRB- The Flying Dutchman -RRB- is an opera by Richard Wagner .
Wagner originally wrote Der fliegende HollÃ nder to be performed without any breaks -LRB- intermission -RRB- . Sometimes it is performed like that today , but Wagner also made a version with three acts .
Wagner conducted the first performance at the Semper Oper in Dresden , in 1843 .
In Der fliegende HollÃ nder the drama is very important . Wagner uses a number of leitmotifs : musical ideas associated with particular characters and themes in the story .
The Armenian Catholic Church is an Eastern Catholic church sui juris within the Catholic Church .
Nepal is a country in South Asia .
The 2009 â `` 10 season is the Nashville Predators ' eleventh season in the National Hockey League .
In October 2009 , he became China 's 30th Grandmaster .
Ding Liren -LRB- born 1992 -RRB- is a young chess player from China .
On 6 June 2009 , at the age of 16 , he became the youngest ever person to win the national title .
In tort law , an invitee is a member of the public who has been invited to do business with the owner of a property . For example , if someone owns a store and invites someone else to come into the store to buy something , the person who is invited is an invitee .
Scott Carson -LRB- born 3 September 1985 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for West Bromwich Albion .
He plays for Barcelona and CÃ te d'Ivoire national team .
Yaya TourÃ -LRB- born 13 May 1983 -RRB- is a CÃ te d'Ivoire football player .
Natalie Imbruglia -LRB- born February 4 , 1975 -RRB- is an actress and singer-songwriter .
Caraula is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Atqasuk is a city in Alaska .
Flagler Beach is a city in Flagler County , Florida in the United States .
Thompson started playing in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- in 1926 .
His brother was Tiny Thompson .
He played for the New York Rangers and the Chicago Black Hawks . He stopped playing in 1939 .
Paul Ivan Thompson -LRB- born November 2 , 1906 in Calgary , Alberta - September 13 , 1991 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey player .
850 BC -RRB- was king of Israel and the son of Ahab and Jezebel .
Ahaziah or Ochozias -LRB- -- -- '' '' -RRB- -LRB- Israel , ca .
This entry is not about King Ahaziah of Judah .
The company is in Oberndorf in the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , but also has locations in the United Kingdom , France and the United States .
The company motto is `` Keine Kompromisse ! ''
-LRB- No Compromise ! -RRB- .
Epicureanism is a philosophy based on the teachings of Epicurus . Epicureanism was started around 307 BC .
Epicureanism was originally a challenge to Platonism , though later it became the main opponent of Stoicism .
Epicurus was a materialist who believed there were atoms . The teaching about atoms was first started by Democritus .
Epicurus spoke favorably about the enjoyment of simple pleasures ; He also meant abstaining from bodily desires , such as sex and appetites , almost like asceticism .
Epicurus and his followers shunned politics .
After the death of Epicurus , his school was headed by Hermarchus ; later many Epicurean societies flourished in the Late Hellenistic era and during the Roman era -LRB- such as those in Antiochia , Alexandria , Rhodes and Ercolano -RRB- .
Some scholars consider the epic poem On the Nature of Things by Lucretius to present in one unified work the core arguments and theories of Epicureanism .
Epicureanism is a form of hedonism , because it declares that pleasure is the only good there really is .
He argued that when eating , one should not eat too richly , for it could lead to dissatisfaction later , such as the grim realization that one could not afford such delicacies in the future .
Some writings by Epicurus have survived .
Likewise , sex could lead to increased lust and dissatisfaction with the sexual partner .
In the Epicurean view , the highest pleasure -LRB- tranquility and freedom from fear -RRB- was obtained by knowledge , friendship and living a virtuous and temperate life .
Epicurus did not articulate a broad system of social morality that has survived .
The poet Lucretius is its most known Roman proponent .
By the end of the Roman Empire , having undergone Christian attack and repression , Epicureanism had all but died out , and would be resurrected in the 17th century by the atomist Pierre Gassendi , who adapted it to the Christian doctrine .
At least some are thought to have belonged to the Epicurean Philodemus .
Many of the papyrus scrolls unearthed at the Villa of the Papyri at Herculaneum are Epicurean texts .
New eruptions at the volcano since 1927 have built a new island , called Anak Krakatau -LRB- child of Krakatoa -RRB- .
A Plasma window is a field of plasma that fills an area of space .
The Plasma Valve is related to a plasma window .
The Plasma Window was created at Brookhaven National Laboratory by Ady Hershcovitch . It was patented in 1995 .
The plasma Valve is a layer of gas inside a special shell .
Plasma does not stop radiation , for example lasers , from moving through it . Because of this , scientists can use a plasma window to create an area of vacuum while still letting radiation to move through it .
With current technology , this area of space is quite small .
Bellikon is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The station is located by the north quay of the Royal Albert Dock -LRB- though no foot access is possible -RRB- .
Beckton Park DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in the Docklands area of east London .
The station is opposite Beckton District South Park , which is open space leading to housing in South Beckton .
Leutwil is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Slash is best-known for being lead guitarist of hard rock band Guns N ' Roses from 1985 to 1996 .
Saul Hudson -LRB- born 23 July 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Slash , is an English musician .
In August 2009 , Time Magazine named him # 2 on its list of the 10 Best Electric Guitar Players of All-Time .
After leaving the band Slash first formed Slash 's Snakepit and then later co-founded Velvet Revolver with his former Guns N ' Roses bandmates Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum .
Thomas Hobbes -LRB- 5 April 1588-4 December 1679 -RRB- was a philosopher from England .
His most famous book is Leviathan -LRB- 1651 -RRB- .
It is a widely used status . Around half a million buildings are listed buildings in the UK .
A listed building in the United Kingdom is a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural , historical or cultural significance .
AdÃ cents ncata is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
CuÃ bris is a commune .
Bacteria that can form endospore , but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state .
They are the bacillus and clostridium species . Bacteria that can form endospore , but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state .
Ardchyle is a small village in Scotland . It is located in the Stirling council area .
Priory Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Edwardstone , in the Babergh district , in the county of Suffolk , England .
Priory Green Cottage in the hamlet is a Grade 2 listed building .
Black shales form in anoxic -LRB- without oxygen -RRB- conditions . They contain free carbon and iron sulfides such as pyrite .
Mudstones , on the other hand , are similar in composition but do not show the fissility .
The ratio of clay to other minerals is variable .
Shales and mudrocks contain roughly 95 percent of the organic matter in all sedimentary rocks .
Shale is characterized by breaks along thin laminae or parallel layering or bedding less than one centimeter in thickness , called `` fissility '' -LRB- = ~ splitting -RRB- .
Shale is a fine-grained sedimentary rock formed from mud . The mud is a mix of flakes of clay minerals and tiny fragments -LRB- silt-sized particles -RRB- of other minerals , especially quartz and calcite .
However , this amounts to less than one percent by mass in an average shale .
The Primitive Methodist Church is a body of evangelical Christians in the Methodist denomination . They began in England in the early 1800s , with the influence of American evangelist Lorenzo Dow -LRB- 1777 â `` 1834 -RRB- .
In 2007 Fiat launched a similar car , the Fiat Nuova 500 .
The car was designed by Dante Giacosa .
The Fiat 500 is a car produced by the Fiat company of Italy between 1957 and 1975 .
Camps-en-Ami Ã nois is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Bowdon is known as `` The Friendly City . ''
Bowdon is a city in Carroll County , Georgia , United States .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 1,959 .
AES -LRB- Rijndael -RRB- uses a key schedule to expand a short key into a number of separate round keys .
This is known as the Rijndael key schedule .
Joysticks are also used for controlling machines such as cranes , trucks , underwater unmanned vehicles and zero turning radius lawn mowers .
Joysticks are often used to control video games , and usually have one or more push-buttons whose state can also be read by the computer .
Miniature finger-operated joysticks have been adopted as input devices for smaller electronic equipment such as mobile phones .
The joystick has been the principal flight control in the cockpit of many aircraft , particularly military fast jets , where center stick or side-stick location may be employed .
A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling .
A popular variation of the joystick used on modern video game consoles is the analog stick .
Linter is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Beardstown is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Taylor has had several lead roles in television , from the early 1960s to the early 2000s .
Rodney Sturt Taylor -LRB- born January 11 , 1930 -RRB- is an Australian-born actor .
Among his TV shows are
Alessandro Birindelli -LRB- born 12 November 1974 -RRB- is an Italian football player .
Ehud Olmert , another member of Sharon 's newly formed Kadima party , was acting Prime Minister until elections were held in Israel , after which Olmert became Prime Minister of Israel .
Often , accidents are investigated so that we can learn how to avoid them in the future .
He was son of Malcolm III -LRB- MÃ el Coluim mac Donnchada -RRB- and his first wife Ingibiorg Finnsdottir , widow of Thorfinn Sigurdsson .
Donnchad mac MaÃ l Coluim -LRB- Modern Gaelic : Donnchadh mac Mhaoil Chaluim -RRB- renamed as Duncan II -LRB- before c. 1060 -- 12 November 1094 -RRB- was king of Scots .
Monchel-sur-Canche is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Saint-Girons-d ` Aiguevives is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh is a Hindu nationalist organization in India .
Guinea national football team is the national football team of Guinea .
Acorns vary from 1 â `` 6 cm long and 0.8 â `` 4 cm broad .
Such large mammals as pigs , bears , and deer also consume large amounts of acorns : they may constitute up to 25 % of the diet of deer in the autumn .
Acorns are one of the most important wildlife foods in areas where oaks grow .
It is a nut , and contains a single seed -LRB- rarely two seeds -RRB- , enclosed in a tough , leathery shell .
Acorns take between about 6 or 24 months -LRB- that depends on the species -RRB- to mature .
In some of the large oak forests in southwest Europe , traditionally called `` dehesas '' , pigs are still turned loose in oak groves in the autumn , to fill and fatten themselves on acorns .
However , acorns are toxic to some other animals , such as horses .
Creatures that make acorns an important part of their diet include birds , such as jays , pigeons , some ducks and several species of woodpeckers .
Small mammals that feed on acorns include mice , squirrels and several other rodents .
The reform was largely carried out by Saint Odo . It spread through France -LRB- Burgundy , Provence , Auvergne , Poitou -RRB- , England and much of Italy and Spain .
William of Aquitaine formed the first Cluny monastery in 910 with the novel stipulation that the monastery would report directly to the pope rather than to a local lord .
The reform is named after the Abbey of Cluny in Burgundy . It started in the Benedictine order there .
This meant essentially that the monastery would be independent , since the pope 's authority was largely theoretical at that distance .
In a direct democracy , which is also called pure democracy the decisions are not taken by representatives .
Gary Lewis -LRB- born Gary Harold Lee Levitch on July 31 , 1945 in Newark , New Jersey -RRB- is an American musician , and the son of actor\/director and comedian Jerry Lewis . His longtime band was called The Playboys .
Colomieu is a commune .
Mo Lewis is a former American football player that played for the New York Jets .
George Bush Intercontinental Airport is an airport in Houston , Texas . It opened in June 1969 .
George Bush Intercontinental Airport is an airport in Houston , Texas .
Contributions to films started in the 90s but only since 2002 has there been a trend towards the medium .
She was married to fellow composer Hajime Mizoguchi , with whom she worked with in order to create the music for Please Save My Earth and Escaflowne .
Apart from anime and games , Kanno also makes pieces for live-action films and CMs -LRB- television advertisements or commercials -RRB- for all sorts of brands .
Grand Funk Inc. is her recording studio of choice in producing for these two media .
She has gone to Otakon and Anime Expo in 1999 , as well as Anime Expo New York in 2002 .
Most of the latter were shown in international film festivals .
There is some rumor that one of her frequently hired vocalists , Gabriela Robin , is Kanno herself under a pseudonym .
Some of her most famous pieces include `` Voices '' -LRB- Macross Plus -RRB- , `` Tank ! ''
Because she worked a lot in the Cowboy Bebop anime , the game sold by Bandai also features her work .
-LRB- Cowboy Bebop -RRB- , `` Yakusoku wa Iranai '' -LRB- Escaflowne -RRB- , `` Gravity '' -LRB- Wolf 's Rain -RRB- , and `` Inner Universe '' -LRB- Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex -RRB- .
She has worked for many Koei games sold from the late 1980s to 1990s and even for a Dreamcast game .
The London Stock Exchange -LRB- LSE -RRB- is a stock exchange in London , England .
Lambda calculus has greatly influenced functional programming languages , such as LISP , ML and Haskell .
Lambda calculus can be used to define what a computable function is . No general algorithm can answer the question of if two lambda calculus expressions are equivalent .
In mathematical logic and computer science , lambda calculus , also Î '' - calculus , is a formal system .
In 1952 , the Eastern Region of British Rail introduced its own series for departmental -LRB- non-revenue earning -RRB- vehicles , including locomotives .
Numbers were allocated from 1 to 1000 , with blocks of 100 numbers allocated to specific types of vehicle .
Pauillac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Tincques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Cagnes-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France .
In a general parliamentary system , a foreign minister forms foreign policy . But when the government has a strong prime minister the foreign minister may be may not determine policy himself .
Foreign ministers are also traditionally responsible for many diplomatic duties , such as hosting foreign world leaders . They also are responsible for going on state visits to other countries .
Before 1968 , the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs only handled relations with non-Commonwealth , countries . The relations with Commonwealth countries and colonies were handled by the Secretary of State for Commonwealth Affairs .
In the United Kingdom , the foreign minister is called the ` Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs ' -LRB- or ` Foreign Secretary ' for short -RRB- .
So , in Commonwealth countries other than the United Kingdom , the ministers responsible for handling relations with both Commonwealth and non-Commonwealth countries were formerly usually designated ministers for ` External Affairs ' .
In many Spanish-Speaking Latin American countries , the foreign minister is colloquially called canciller -LRB- chancellor -RRB- .
A foreign minister 's powers vary in different governments .
The foreign minister is generally person who travels the most in any cabinet .
Other common titles may include minister of foreign relations .
These include the National Hurricane Center 's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch -LRB- TAFB -RRB- , the NOAA\/NESDIS Satellite Analysis Branch -LRB- SAB -RRB- , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , and the Air Force Weather Agency -LRB- AFWA -RRB- .
The Dvorak technique -LRB- developed in 1974 by Vernon Dvorak -RRB- is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images .
Several agencies issue Dvorak numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity .
MonsÃ gur , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The Nissan Cube is a Mini MPV that is built by the Nissan company .
In Europe , the avalanche risk is widely rated on the following scale , which was adopted in April 1993 to replace the earlier non-standard national schemes .
Descriptions were last updated in May 2003 to enhance uniformity pdf .
T. Boone Pickens , a former Texas oilman , is planning to build the world 's largest wind farm , called the Pampa Wind Project , as part of the Pickens Plan .
The proposed 4,000 MW facility will be located near Pampa , Texas , which is on the Texas Panhandle , and will stretch to the east , spanning 400,000 acres in five counties .
This will provide enough power for 1.5 million average homes .
As of May 2008 , the largest U.S. wind plant is the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center with a capacity of 736 MW .
Sycamore is a city of Illinois in the United States .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Kingfisher is a city of Oklahoma in the United States . It is the county seat of Kingfisher County .
Kingfisher is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
This flag was the same , but the golden stripe had a human `` stick figure '' , called a kanaga , in black , with its arms pointing to the sky .
The flag became official on March 1 , 1961 .
The flag of Mali has three equal vertical stripes .
The figure was removed because of an Islamic belief against making pictures of humans .
The original flag became official on April 4 , 1959 , when Mali joined the Mali Federation .
Starting from the flagpole , the colors are green , gold , and red , which are the pan-African colors .
-LRB- Mali is about 90 % Muslim . -RRB-
The months in the first half of the year all have 31 days . This was done to take in account for the slower movement of the sun across the sky during that time .
The Indian national calendar -LRB- sometimes called Saka calendar -RRB- is the official civil calendar in India .
In leap years , Chaitra has 31 days and starts on March 21 .
It is used by the Gazette of India , news broadcasts by All India Radio , and in calendars and communications issued by the Government of India .
It is located in Bagshot , Surrey , and is the current home and official residence of Prince Edward , the Earl of Wessex and Sophie , Countess of Wessex .
Bagshot Park -LRB- Grid reference : -RRB- is a royal residence . It is eleven miles south of Windsor .
Bagshot Park is a few miles from Sunninghill Park , the former home of Prince Andrew , Duke of York .
Jason Varitek -LRB- born April 11 , 1972 in Rochester , Michigan -RRB- is an American baseball player .
Note : It is often better to create an empty placeholder span -LRB- e.g. where the letter 's heading would be in the page if it existed , since in most cases it is quite possible that it will come to exist in the future .
This Table of Contents replacement for alphabetical lists provides all the features of Template : CompactTOC7 , plus ones from Template : CompactTOC2 , etc. that # 7 does n't have -LRB- the `` Top '' `` 0-9 '' sections , optionally -RRB- , and allows you to select what other sections you want .
Any letter can be deleted -LRB- i.e. because it has no entries in the list -RRB- by adding it as a lower case blank parameter
AmÄ rÄ Å tii de Sus is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Oilton is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Rodersdorf is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , on the border of Alsace , France .
A well-known example is the California Gold Rush of 1849 and the Australian gold rush of 1850 .
2009 -LRB- MMIX -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar .
In April 2009 , he was elected as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences , based in Washington , D.C. .
First , he attended Sheen Mount primary school . Then he went on to Emanuel School in London , from 1969 to 1973 .
Tim Berners-Lee was born in London , England , on 8 June 1955 . He is and was the son of Conway Berners-Lee and Mary Lee Woods .
Berners-Lee now leads the World Wide Web Consortium .
After that , he studied at The Queen 's College , Oxford , from 1973 to 1976 . While he was there , he received a first-class degree in Physics .
He is a director of The Web Science Research Initiative -LRB- WSRI -RRB- , and a member of the advisory board of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence .
Blog is another word for weblog .
Blogs can have one or more writers . If they have more than one writer , they are often called community blogs , team blogs , or group blogs .
If they have more than one writer , they are often called community blogs , team blogs , or group blogs .
Blogs can have one or more writers .
He graduated in Commerce from Noida .
He came to Mumbai , Maharastra to audition for the role of Krishna Singh .
He later moved to Noida , Uttar Pradesh , where he did 11th and 12th Standard .
Later , he joined Kishore Namit Kapoor 's acting institute .
Arhaan Behll , born on 6 August 1984 in Rajasthan , India , is an actor who currently plays the male lead Krishna in the popular STAR Plus serial Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigyawhich made him a household name in no time .
Behll is from Ajmer , Rajasthan .
Levenshulme is an urban area of Manchester , in North West England on the borders of Longsight , Gorton , Burnage and Stockport .
Keota is a city of Keokuk County in the state of Iowa in the United States .
James Howard Thome -LRB- born on August 27 , 1970 -RRB- is a professional baseball player , currently with the Minnesota Twins .
San Nazzaro is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Fran MÃ rida -LRB- born 4 March 1990 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Faucoucourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Anne BrontÃ `` -LRB- January 17 , 1820 â `` May 28 , 1849 -RRB- was an English writer and poet .
Cow and Chicken is an American animated series , created by David Feiss . The series shows the surreal adventures of a cow , named Cow , and her chicken brother , named Chicken .
The series shows the surreal adventures of a cow , named Cow , and her chicken brother , named Chicken .
They are often antagonized by `` The Red Guy '' , who poses as various characters to scam or hurt them .
Cow and Chicken is an American animated series , created by David Feiss .
Monocalcium phosphate is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is Ca -LRB- H2PO4 -RRB- 2 .
It is made by reacting calcium phosphate rock with sulfuric acid . This makes monocalcium phosphate .
Dorna-Arini is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Roberto Bettega -LRB- born 27 December 1950 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
The Po valley corresponds to the Roman Cisalpine Gaul , divided in Cispadane Gaul -LRB- South of the Po -RRB- and Transpadane Gaul -LRB- North of the Po -RRB- .
Based on these figures , cocaine consumption was estimated to be about 4 kg daily , or 27 doses per day per thousand young adults in areas that feed into the river -- a number nearly three times higher than previous estimates .
In 2005 , water from the Po was found to contain `` staggering '' amounts of benzoylecgonine , which is excreted by cocaine users in urine .
Near the end of its course , it creates a wide delta -LRB- with hundreds of small channels and five main ones , called Po di Maestra , Po della Pila , Po delle Tolle , Po di Gnocca and Po di Goro -RRB- at the southern part of which is Comacchio , an area famous for eels .
Near the end of its course , it creates a wide delta -LRB- with hundreds of small channels and five main ones , called Po di Maestra , Po della Pila , Po delle Tolle , Po di Gnocca and Po di Goro -RRB- at the southern part of which is Comacchio , an area famous for eels . The Po valley corresponds to the Roman Cisalpine Gaul , divided in Cispadane Gaul -LRB- South of the Po -RRB- and Transpadane Gaul -LRB- North of the Po -RRB- .
It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called navigli , which Leonardo da Vinci helped design .
He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning , but is brought back to life thanks to Katara 's special water that has healing abilities , and also her healing abilities .
Aang is a fictional character and the main hero in Nickelodeon 's television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Later , in the Fire Nation capital , Aang is seen in monk robes , standing beside Zuko while he become Fire Lord .
After he sleepwalks into a forest , he speaks with four previous Avatars -LRB- Roku , Kyoshi , Kuruk , Yangchen -RRB- , and asking for advice .
Aang 's character has a well grown cultural belief .
He is 1 of the 4 characters of Avatar : The Last Airbender video game , a video game based on the first season of the show .
He is later seen relaxing with his friends in Ba Sing Se .
Two sequels were made : Avatar : The Last Airbender - The Burning Earth , a video game based on the second season of the show , and Avatar : The Last Airbender - Into the Inferno , a video game based on the third season .
In the Avatar State , Aang can also fly inside a ball of air .
In the next episode , Zuko offers to teach Aang firebending .
Other methods of flying include his glider , and Appa .
Aang 's character showed in the Avatar : The Last Airbender Trading Card Game .
Aang hides the map showing their father 's whereabouts and lies about having it in the first place .
A important part of the character is his vegetarian diet , regular with Buddhism or Taoism .
The robotic Momo was changed to a flying lemur , and the herd of bison was reduced to one .
The creators wanted Aang to `` win enemies with his wits '' and be a `` trickster hero '' .
During their journey they are chased by Zuko , the banished prince of the Fire Nation , who must capture the Avatar to return his honor .
Using a technique taught to him by the lion-turtle , which called Energybending , Aang removes Ozai 's ability to firebend , effectively eliminating the threat .
In some episodes , he shows flight abilities with airbending .
Avatar T-shirts , some with Aang 's face on them , are being sold on the Nickelodeon Shop website .
Monk Gyatso , Aang 's teacher and father-figure , said that Aang must be raised as a normal child .
Reviews point out that `` as the Avatar , Aang seems unstoppable , but as Aang , he is just another like an airbender '' . The review says later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by showing many weaknesses in his character .
In the show , Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations .
In one episode , Aang meets his previous incarnation , Avatar Roku -LRB- born on Fire Nation -RRB- , who said him that he must learn all four bending arts and win Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer .
Flashbacks also reveal events that happened before the show opened .
As the Avatar , Aang controls the elements and must keep the Four Nations at peace .
At the same time , Michael Dante DiMartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole .
In `` The Spirit World -LRB- Winter Solstice , Part 1 -RRB- '' , Aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village because the people burned his home -LRB- one forest -RRB- . Instead of fighting the spirit , Aang talks with it .
In the episode `` Tales of Ba Sing Se '' -LRB- the 15th episode of second season -RRB- , Aangâ s name was written as å æ -LRB- Ä n Ã ng -RRB- in Chinese .
Aang states a reluctance to fight in `` The Spirit World -LRB- Winter Solstice , Part 1 -RRB- '' ; Aang hopelessly negotiates with a spirit who is destroying a village instead of fighting .
In `` The King of Omashu '' -LRB- the 5th episode of first season -RRB- , Aang shows his vegetarian beliefs by refusing to eat meat .
The Avatar State tips the battle in Aang 's favor , and makes swift work of Ozai .
The casting decisions were also negatively received by several critics who stated that the original casting call expressed a preference for Caucasian actors over others .
Later , in the second season , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong , a blind earthbending , who becomes his earthbending teacher .
In the show 's intended demographics , Aang has been received very well .
One technique for this is to make a sphere of air and ride on it , which Aang calls the Air Scooter .
The creators lost interest in the theme , and changed it to 100 years of suspended animation .
After sparing Ozai when redirecting his lightning and then being backed into a corner , Aang enters the Avatar State .
In `` The Firebending Masters '' -LRB- the 13th episode of third season -RRB- Aang learns firebending with the help of the last two dragons .
During the season finale , a guru tried to teach Aang how to open up his seven chakras in order to control the Avatar State .
This fighting style focuses on circular movements , and does not have many finishing moves .
In a flashback during `` The Storm '' , Aang remembered the day when elder monks told him that he was the Avatar .
According to the show 's creators , `` Avatar based on the belief of Buddhism and Taoism . ''
The show follows Aang 's journeys to do this .
Due to his non-violent nature , he also shows ethical reluctance refusing to killing Firelord Ozai , and eventually strips Ozai of his bending instead of killing him .
These characteristics were meant to show the unpredictability of air and the peaceful nature of Airbenders in the show .
When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger , he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh chakra is opened , locking it .
The series ends with Aang and Katara kissing .
It is revealed in the first episodes of the show that a violent storm catches Aang and sends him into the ocean during his escape .
This is the spirit of the planet in human form .
The show 's directors , Michael DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , say the events are canon .
Aang accepts , despite the group 's strong opposition .
In 2008 , M. Night Shyamalan , a film director , cast 12-year-old Tae Kwon Do practitioner Noah Ringer as Aang in the film adaptation of the series , The Last Airbender .
Nearing the end , the monks began to believe that Gyatso interfered too much , so they decide to send Aang to the Eastern Air Temple .
Aang is a vegetarian , as shown in `` The King of Omashu '' -LRB- the 5th episode of first season -RRB- and `` The Headband '' -LRB- the 2nd episode of third season -RRB- when he refuses to eat meat since the Air Nomads taught him that life is holy .
Aang shows a reluctance to fight and an dislike of killing .
Konietzko changed the character into a picture of a child with a flying bison .
Later , Aang and his friends learn about the solar eclipse , which will occur before the end of the summer , and will block the Firebenders powerless .
After discovering that the forest is atop a swimming lion-turtle , and receiving advice from said lion-turtle , he prepares to confront the Fire Lord .
After the 100 years he was in the iceberg with his bison , the story starts when Katara and her brother Sokka free Aang and Appa in the first episode .
An image of this air bubble , resembling an iceberg , ends the flashback .
He also showed that he can act immaturely , and once tried to deceive others in order to keep the group together .
Aang then enters the Avatar State , unknowingly , for the first time to encase himself and Appa in a frozen air bubble .
The creators of the show made Aang to be frozen in an iceberg for 1000 years .
Airbending , the element that Aang mainly uses in the show , is based on Baguazhang , an `` internal '' Chinese martial art .
Kendall Lyons said that , `` Aang seems to be the happy kid that you can easily familiarize yourself with '' , and that he `` seems to bring comfort in the most dangerous or trouble situations . ''
The character was made by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen .
The plot they described relates with the first and second episodes of the series , where the `` water people '' -LRB- Katara and Sokka -RRB- find the `` air guy '' -LRB- Aang -RRB- while `` trapped in a snowy wasteland '' -LRB- the Southern Water Tribe -RRB- with `` some fire people -LRB- that -RRB- are pressing down on them '' -LRB- Fire Navy and Zuko -RRB- .
Once Ozai arrives , Aang engages him in battle .
He then battles in the underground caverns of Ba Sing Se .
Each gives him a reason to kill the Fire Lord Ozai , discouraging him .
Aang 's character was created by Bryan Konietzko .
Tokyopop has published a films comic -LRB- sometimes referred to as cine-manga -RRB- , in which Aang is the main character , like in Avatar : The Last Airbender .
He was to wake inside a futuristic world , where he would have a robot named Momo and a flying bison named Appa .
The casting of a white actor in the role of Aang -LRB- as well as a primarily Caucasian cast -RRB- in the Asian-influenced Avatar universe triggered negative reactions from some fans marked by accusations of racism , a letter-writing campaign , and a protest outside of a Philadelphia casting call for movie extras .
There are many similar descriptions about Aang as a child-like character who is `` reckless and excitable '' .
Aang is the last Airbender . They were the only race of people who could control the air .
In the Brahmajala Sutra , a Buddhist code of ethics , vegetarianism is encouraged .
The game has some plot changes that are not in the show .
The idea caused the pair to think :
Aang , in `` The Storm '' -LRB- the 12th episode of first season -RRB- , said that he wishes he had been there to help Air Nomads a century ago , but would rather live a child 's carefree life .
In `` Bato of the Water Tribe '' -LRB- the 15th episode of first season -RRB- , Aang thinks Katara and Sokka might leave to visit their father .
Aang is in Escape from the Spirit World , an online video game that is on Nickelodeon 's real website .
Most of Aang 's habits , such as vegetarianism , are based on Buddhist and Taoist tradition .
Aang refuses to be torn away from his mentor ; he writes a note for Gyatso before flying away on his bison , Appa .
Aang is the series ' unwilling hero . He shows hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation .
In the next episode , they all started the trip to the Northern Water Tribe , with hope to find a waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control the water .
The sketch showed a middle-aged man with an arrow on his head .
When the team , named team `` Avatar '' , arrived in the Northern Water Tribe , a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang -LRB- and later Katara -RRB- waterbending .
Noel Gallagher -LRB- born 29 May 1967 -RRB- was the former lead singer and main songwriter for the band Oasis .
The name galaxy is taken from the Greek word Galaxia meaning milky , a reference to our own galaxy , the Milky Way .
Typical galaxies range from dwarfs with as few as ten million -LRB- 107 -RRB- stars up to giants with a hundred trillion -LRB- 1014 -RRB- stars , all orbiting the galaxy 's center of mass. .
There are three main types of galaxies : ellipticals , spirals , and irregulars .
In the astronomical literature , the word ` Galaxy ' with a capital G is used for our galaxy , the Milky Way .
The billions of other galaxies are just written as ` galaxy ' with a lowercase g. The term Milky Way first came out in the English language in a poem by Chaucer .
Everything in a galaxy moves around a center . The name galaxy is taken from the Greek word Galaxia meaning milky , a reference to our own galaxy , the Milky Way .
The Sun is one of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy ; the Solar System includes the Earth and all the other objects that orbit the Sun .
Galaxies may contain many multiple star systems , star clusters , and various interstellar clouds .
In Greek mythology , Zeus places his son -LRB- the baby Heracles -RRB- whose mother was a mortal woman on Hera 's breast while she is sleeping so that the baby will drink her divine milk and become immortal .
Many galaxies also continue to form new generations of stars . The Milky Way , and all spiral shaped galaxies like it -LRB- see above image of NGC 2997 -RRB- , produce new stars at a rate of one or two stars per year .
However , Hera wakes up while she is breastfeeding the baby and realizes she is nursing a baby she does not know . According to Greek mythology , she then pushes the baby away and a stream of her milk sprays the night sky , making a faint band of light known as the Milky Way .
A domestic warren is a fake , enclosed establishment of animal husbandry that is used for the raising of domestic rabbits for meat and fur .
St. Patrick 's Day is celebrated every year on March 17 in his honor .
Chaiyaphum -LRB- Thai : à à à cents à à à à -RRB- is one of the Isan -LRB- north-eastern -RRB- provinces -LRB- changwat -RRB- of Thailand .
The province has 16 districts -LRB- amphoe -RRB- ; 124 subdistricts -LRB- tambon -RRB- and 1393 villages -LRB- muban -RRB- .
They were originally numbered D2985-D2998 and later given the TOPS numbers 07001 -LRB- D2985 -RRB- -07013 -LRB- D2997 -RRB- , D2998 .
The British Rail Class 07 diesel locomotive is an off-centre cab dock shunter . They were used in Southampton Docks , to replace SR USA Class steam locomotives .
It is a 0-6-0 diesel-electric shunter built by Ruston & Hornsby in 1962 .
Soubey is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Despotism is a form of government that is controlled by one person or a small group of people . The person who controls the state is called a despot .
`` Another Love Song ' '' is a 1999 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the first single from their fifth studio album The Amazing Jeckel Brothers , which was released in 1999 . The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark .
Lithuanian , however , adopted fewer words and phrases from German and other languages . However , long ago Lithuanian was affected by the Slavic languages , so the main barbarisms were replaced with Lithuanian words only in 1920 , by Lithuanian philologist Jonas Jablonskis and others .
The Lithuanian language is a Baltic language .
Samogitian is the dialect mostly used in West Lithuania , the other , widely used in the whole country is AukÅ taitian -LRB- High-landers ' dialect -RRB- .
There are two main dialects of Lithuanian .
This category contains articles about English cricketers .
Prizes are given in twenty-one fields .
The winner gets $ 10,000 cash award and a certificate .
Gerard LÃ pez -LRB- born 12 March 1979 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Girona .
A calzone -LRB- Italian `` stocking '' or `` trouser '' or `` drooping sack '' or `` hanging fold '' -RRB- is a turnover from Italy .
It is made with ingredients that are like a pizza , but they are not the same . It is folded into a crescent shape before it is cooked .
The Baptist Union of Great Britain -LRB- BUGB -RRB- is the both oldest and largest national group of Baptist churches in Great Britain .
It was started when the General Baptists and Particular Baptists came together in 1891 .
Ram Narayan -LRB- born 25 December 1927 in Udaipur , British Raj -RRB- is an Indian musician . He plays the instrument sarangi and is well known for playing in Europe and the United States .
Piotr Å wierczewski -LRB- born 8 April 1972 -RRB- is a Polish football player .
A few scholars , most prominently Christopher Beckwith and Roy Andrew Miller , argue that Chinese is not related to Tibeto-Burman .
In opposition to this view , scholars in favor of the Sino-Tibetan hypothesis such as W. South Coblin , Graham Thurgood , James Matisoff , and Gong Hwang-cherng have argued that there are regular correspondences in sounds as well as in grammar .
The Sino-Tibetan languages form a language family composed of , at least , the Chinese and the Tibeto-Burman languages , including some 250 languages of East Asia .
They are second only to the Indo-European languages in terms of their number of speakers .
They point to an absence of regular sound correspondences , an absence of reconstructable shared morphology , and evidence that much shared lexical material has been borrowed from Chinese into Tibeto-Burman .
Crucea is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Sligo is a town in County Sligo , Ireland .
The commune of Krauchthal is made of the villages Krauchthal -LRB- with Hub and Dieterswald -RRB- , and Hettiswil .
Their breakthrough came with the release of the `` best-of '' compilation Your New Favourite Band , featuring their most commercially successful song `` Hate to Say I Told You So '' .
The Hives are a Swedish rock band that started in 1993 but rose to fame in the early 2000s as a leading group of the garage rock revival , playing garage punk .
Bright 's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be known in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis .
The term is no longer used , as diseases are now classified by their more fully known etiologies .
Corbonod is a commune .
Dorengt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The only real condition here is that each gift should be meaningful and some thought should have gone into it .
The 7 Day gifting challenge aims to take the focus away from you on to others .
The Joy of Giving Week -LRB- JGW -RRB- , planned for Sept 27 - Oct 3 , 2009 as a national movement , aims at engaging at least one crore Indians in different `` acts of giving '' - money , time , resources and skills - spanning the corporate , NGO and government sectors , schools , colleges and the general public . The idea is to create a `` festival of philanthropy '' that can , over the years , become a part of the Indian ethos , with the Week being celebrated every year covering Gandhi Jayanti .
7Days7Gifts , a simple idea where people will be encouraged to do random acts of kindness to people they donâ t know for every day of the week .
The initiative is being led by JAM Magazine and is being supported by MTV .
A `` College Joyfest '' that hopes to have 300 + college campuses in India partner with local NGOs to hold cultural festivals that promote awareness and sensitivity among youth , while also being fundraisers for the partner NGOs .
Goonj runs a unique Vastradaan initiative that provides clothes and other amenities to the far flung villages , collecting on an average 20,000 kg or about 1.2 lac units of clothing every month , process it and distribute it through a unique clothes for work program .
Several corporates , celebrities and organizations have already finalized their efforts towards awareness , volunteering and fundraising events that they will organize during the Joy of Giving Week .
For the Joy of Giving Week , Goonj is undertaking a massive Clothes Collection Drive in over 25 cities , targeting to collect at least 1 crore units of clothing during the Week .
Presented by Riverside School in Ahmedabad , NID , Stanford Design School and IDEO -LRB- the world 's # 1 design firm -RRB- , in partnership with hundreds of educational NGOs and schools across India .
The Design for Giving School Contest will inspire children aged 10-13 from over 10,000 private and government schools all over India to design solutions to India 's problems and implement them during the Week .
`` Battle of the Buffet '' events by the 5 star Hotels in Chennai and Hyderabad , where they provide their most lavish spreads free of cost to NGOs of the city , who work together as a city and sell donor passes to raise funds for their work .
Jorge Campos -LRB- born 15 October 1966 -RRB- is a former Mexican football player .
Faisal Al-Dakhil -LRB- born 13 August 1957 -RRB- is a former Kuwaiti football player .
They had a child , son Preston Charles , on November 16th , 2006 .
Brett Lee -LRB- born 8 November , 1976 in Wollongong , New South Wales -RRB- is an Australian cricketer .
Lee married Liz Kemp in June 2006 .
It can be made by oxidation of sodium iodide with sodium hypochlorite in a nitric acid solution .
It has sodium and periodate ions in it .
Its chemical formula can be NaIO4 -LRB- sodium metaperiodate -RRB- or Na5IO6 -LRB- sodium orthoiodate -RRB- .
Sodium periodate can oxidize cellulose . It is also used as a biodegradable chemical in the human body .
Uckermark is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the northeastern part of Brandenburg , Germany .
The current district Uckermark was made in 1993 by joining the old districts of AngermÃ 1\/4 nde , Prenzlau and Templin and the city of Schwedt .
Sherwan is divided into two parts Sherwan Khurd -LRB- small -RRB- and Sherwan Kalan -LRB- wide -RRB- .
The local language is Hindko while Urdu is also understood and spoken by local peoples .
The population of Sherwan is over 15,000 .
Sherwan is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan , it is located 35km west of the city of Abbottabad .
Sherwan Kalan covers a much larger area than Sherwan Khurd .
The Union Council of Sherwan is subdivided into the following areas : Beri , Kharperh , Thethi Ahmed Khan , Chakar Bain , Chorgran , Juna , Kamila , Kangar Palan , Sherwan Kalan , Sherwan Khurd , Khalabat , Chamhati , Kumharan -LRB- Amirabad -RRB- , Thorey , Kalar Khaitar , Bamochi , Bhateel and Shaheedabad -LRB- Cheera -RRB- .
These forests host a number of wild animals , such as jackals , wolves , pigs , porcupines and occasionally tigers .
Sherwan is located in a beautiful valley which is surrounded by large , forested mountains on three sides .
The main tribes of this area are the Tanolis and the Awans .
He is known as `` William Pitt the Younger '' to distinguish him from his father , William Pitt the Elder , who also served as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
He served as Prime Minister from 1783 to 1801 , and again from 1804 until his death .
William Pitt the Younger -LRB- 28 May 1759 â `` 23 January 1806 -RRB- was a British politician of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
JiÅ Ã Å tajner -LRB- born 27 May , 1976 -RRB- is a Czech football player .
Louis XII of France -LRB- June 27 , 1462 â `` January 1 , 1515 -RRB- was the son of Charles , Duke of Orleans and Mary of Cleves .
Louis 's second wife was Anne of Brittany , who was the daughter of Francis II , Duke of Brittany .
Marc Staal -LRB- born January 13 , 1987 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman with the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League .
He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Carolina Hurricanes , and older brother of Jordan Staal of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Jared Staal , who was signed by Eric 's team , the Hurricanes but is currently playing for the OHL 's Sudbury Wolves .
It is made of frozen seawater . It is important because animals live and sleep on the ice , especially in winter .
Two important parts of this environment are sea ice and permafrost .
The arctic biomes are taiga , boreal forest , and tundra .
Arctic ecology is the science that studies the ecology of the arctic . The arctic is all land and water north of the Arctic Circle -LRB- 66 33 â -RRB- .
Many of the ecosystems in the arctic are fragile , and can be easily destroyed . These ecosystems are being hurt by global warming .
The lead guitarist of Free was named Paul Kossoff . In 1976 he died from a drug-induced heart failure .
The band started in London , England in 1968 . They are best known for their famous song called `` All Right Now '' .
949 people were living in the township of Oak Creek as of 2000 , says the 2000 census .
Oak Creek is a township of Saunders County , in the state of Nebraska , in the United States .
In 1634 , the Colony was divided into shires . They were soon renamed counties .
They created their first settlement at Jamestown .
It stretched all the way from the Atlantic Ocean west past the Elizabeth River . It included the entire area that is now the cities of Portsmouth , Norfolk , Chesapeake , and Virginia Beach .
They named it Cape Henry , after Henry Frederick , Prince of Wales , the oldest son of King James I of England .
Thoroughgood chose to live along the Lynnhaven River , also named for his home in England .
It was the site of the first landing of English colonists going to Jamestown .
The following year , New Norfolk County was split into Upper Norfolk County -LRB- soon renamed Nansemond County -RRB- and Lower Norfolk County .
In 1607 , after traveling by ocean for 144 days , three ships headed by Captain Christopher Newport came to land where the Atlantic Ocean meets the southern mouth of the Chesapeake Bay . This point is in the northeastern part of the city .
They lived in an area which is now the cities of Norfolk , Portsmouth , Chesapeake and Virginia Beach .
Virginia Beach is an American city in the Commonwealth of Virginia . The city is located in the South Hampton Roads area on the shores of the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean .
Atlantic University was originally intended for study of Cayce 's readings and research after spiritual subjects .
Over the next 45 years , Virginia Beach became more popular as a summer vacation spot .
The area also includes the cities of Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Suffolk , as well as other smaller cities , counties and towns of Hampton Roads . The area is known as `` America 's First Region . ''
There are also eleven golf courses open to the public in the city , as well as four country club courses and NAS Oceana 's Aeropines course .
Virginia Beach is a part of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News metropolitan area .
These include the United States Navy 's NAS Oceana and FTC Dam Neck , and the United States Army 's Fort Story located at Cape Henry .
Princess Anne included all the area from North Carolina border to Cape Henry at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay along the Atlantic Ocean .
The resort of Virginia Beach became an incorporated town in 1906 .
Among the best-known public courses are Hell 's Point Golf Club and the TPC of Virginia Beach .
Princess Anne County existed from 1691 to 1963 , over 250 years .
The city is listed in the Guinness Book of Records as having the longest pleasure beach in the world and .
It is also home to several state parks , three military bases , a number of large corporations , and two universities .
NAS Oceana is the largest employer in Virginia Beach .
His followers are still active in Virginia Beach .
Atlantic University was opened by Cayce in 1930 ; it closed two years later but was re-opened in 1985 .
It is said that Thoroughgood used the name of his home in England when helping name New Norfolk County in 1637 .
It is also located at the southern end of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel , the longest bridge-tunnel in the world .
The resort was dependent upon railroad and electric trolley service at first . The concrete Virginia Beach Boulevard from Norfolk to the Oceanfront was completed in 1922 .
The Edgar Cayce Hospital for Research and Enlightenment was started in Virginia Beach in 1928 with 60 beds .
Cayce was a psychic from Kentucky who said he had healing abilities and made prophesies .
Virginia Beach is best known as a resort town . It has miles of beaches and hundreds of hotels , motels , and restaurants along the Atlantic Ocean and Chesapeake Bay .
Virginia Beach is a part of the Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News metropolitan area . The area also includes the cities of Chesapeake , Hampton , Newport News , Norfolk , Portsmouth , and Suffolk , as well as other smaller cities , counties and towns of Hampton Roads .
Virginia Beach became a small independent city in 1952 . It was politically independent from Princess Anne County .
In 1691 , Lower Norfolk County was divided to form Norfolk County to the west and Princess Anne County to the east .
Virginia Beach is home to several United States Military bases .
NAB Little Creek is located mostly within the city of Virginia Beach but has a Norfolk address .
In 1963 , Virginia Beach and Princess Anne county merged into a new , much larger independent city keeping the name of the Virginia Beach resort .
Cayce lived in Virginia Beach until he died in 1945 .
Anglade is a commune .
Swabi is a tehsil of Swabi District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
saccharata var .
rugosa ; also called Indian corn , sugar corn , and pole corn -RRB- is a variety of maize with a high sugar content and prepared as a vegetable .
Sweet corn -LRB- Zea mays convar .
The University of Iowa is a college located in Iowa City , Iowa . It was founded in 1847 .
The University of Iowa is a college located in Iowa City , Iowa .
Terry Ellis -LRB- born September 5 , 1963 in Houston , Texas , U.S. -RRB- is an African-American R&B singer best known for her work with the quartet En Vogue .
The Ezo Salamander or Hokkaido Salamander -LRB- Hynobius retardatus -RRB- is a kind of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals .
It can only be found in Japan .
Donald Zackary `` Zack '' Greinke -LRB- born October 21 , 1983 in Orlando , Florida -RRB- is a Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers .
While pitching for the Kansas City Royals , he won the 2009 American League Cy Young Award , which is an award that goes to the player that is voted as the best pitcher in the league for that year .
Chavonne is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Naoki Naruo -LRB- born 5 October 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
His resting place is in AnÄ tkabir with Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk . He was close friend of AtatÃ 1\/4 rk .
Mustafa Ä smet Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 -LRB- 24 September 1884 â `` 25 December 1973 -RRB- was a Turkish politican and military officer , who was the first Prime Minister and second President of Turkey .
Ä smet Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 was by the standards of his time a highly educated man , speaking Arabic , English , French and German in addition to his native Turkish . His resting place is in AnÄ tkabir with Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk .
In 1938 , Republican People 's Party gave him `` National Chief '' and `` Everlasting Chairman '' titles .
Ä smet Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 was by the standards of his time a highly educated man , speaking Arabic , English , French and German in addition to his native Turkish .
He was close friend of AtatÃ 1\/4 rk .
The Heartbreakers ' song , `` London Boys '' , insulted the Sex Pistols . This was to answer the Sex Pistols ' song `` New York '' , that insulted the New York Dolls .
Johnny Thunders -LRB- vocals\/guitar -RRB- and Jerry Nolan -LRB- drums -RRB- had quit the New York Dolls . That same week Richard Hell -LRB- vocals\/bass -RRB- was kicked out of Television .
Johnny Thunders and the Heartbreakers , also known as The Heartbreakers , were an American rock band . They formed in New York in May 1975 .
The Heartbreakers reformed in 1979 for a few goodbye shows at Max 's Kansas City with drummer Ty Stix replacing Nolan . These shows were recorded and became the album Live at Max 's Kansas City ' 79 .
Jerry Nolan died in 1992 .
Hell went on to form his own band , The Voidoids .
The band got back together sometimes to play at New York clubs until Johnny Thunders died in 1991 .
In 1976 , Hell left group . He was replaced by Billy Rath .
Their debutâ '' and onlyâ '' studio album , L.A.M.F. , had all the Heartbreakers ' popular live songs .
Several members of the band left at this point .
Lure became a stockbroker on Wall St. but still performs once in a while when he is not working at his regular job .
Hell rarely plays music live , concentrating instead on writing and spoken-word performances .
They were one of the first punk rock bands .
After a few shows , Walter Lure -LRB- vocals\/guitar -RRB- from a group called The Demons joined the band also .
They soon signed a contract with Track Records .
These live shows often had songs from the New York Dolls or from Thunders ' solo career .
Nitrogen fixation is the process by which nitrogen is taken from its stable gas form -LRB- N2 -RRB- in air and changed into other nitrogen compounds -LRB- such as ammonia , nitrate and nitrogen dioxide -RRB- useful for other chemical processes . It is an important part of the nitrogen cycle .
Biological nitrogen fixation was discovered by Martinus Beijerinck .
Robert Diggs -LRB- born July 5 , 1969 -RRB- was an American rapper , produced and members Wu-Tang Clan better known by his stage name , RZA .
Estonia became a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization -LRB- NATO -RRB- on 29 March 2004 . It joined the European Union on 1 May 2004 .
Olathe is a city in Johnson County , Kansas , United States . At the 2010 United States Census , Olathe had a population of 125,872 .
Olathe is a city in Johnson County , Kansas , United States .
At the 2010 United States Census , Olathe had a population of 125,872 . This ranks fifth in the state of Kansas .
It is Europe 's largest weekly magazine .
Rudolf Augstein was the publisher from the very first issue until his death in 2002 .
Der Spiegel is a weekly political magazine in Germany .
The first edition of the Spiegel magazine was published in Hanover on 4 January 1947 .
Ariel Ortega -LRB- born 4 March 1974 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for River Plate .
The examples to the right are produced using and .
This template produces a navigational box for a millennium article .
Saint-Julien-Bouti Ã res is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Tomoyuki Kajino -LRB- born 11 July 1960 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Houston Dynamo are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in Houston , Texas .
There are two types of explosives : low explosives and high explosives .
High explosives produce more pressure than low explosives .
Cesare Bovo -LRB- born 14 January 1983 -RRB- is an Italian football player .
Miguel PallardÃ -LRB- born 5 September 1986 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Levante .
January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars . It has 31 days .
The 7th century is the century from 601 to 700 .
Blencoe is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The Little Grebe -LRB- Tachybaptus ruficollis -RRB- , also known as Dabchick , is 23 to 29 cm in length .
The Second Sino-Japanese War -LRB- July 7 , 1937 -- September 9 , 1945 -RRB- was a major war fought between the Republic of China and the Empire of Japan , both before and during World War II .
Publius Vergilius Maro , also called Virgil or Vergil by English-speaking people , -LRB- October 15 , 70 BC - September 21 , 19 BC -RRB- was a writer of poems in the Latin language .
Bucquoy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Kalamazoo is home to Western Michigan University , Haworth College of Business , and Kalamazoo College .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 77,145 .
Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S. state of Michigan . It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County .
It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County .
The city of Kalamazoo , Michigan has three sister cities .
The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair . The British team was considered a small favorite after finishing at the top of the league table .
During the series , Australia and New Zealand played additional Tests against France .
The game was basically over by half-time when Australia led by 38-0 .
The format of the competition was different from the previous event . In that event the teams played each other twice instead of once before the final .
The second Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament -LRB- known as the Gillette Tri-Nations due to sponsorship -RRB- was played between 16 October and 27 November of 2004 .
A one off match was also played between an ANZAC side made up of touring Australian and New Zealand players and a Cumbira side .
Instead , it was a one-sided match as Australia produced their best performance of the tournament .
Another factory that is run by both Toyota and General Motors is in Fremont , California . It is called `` NUMMI , '' or New United Motor Manufacturing Incorporated .
Toyota 's premier US dealer for Toyota automobiles was established in San Diego , CA as Rose Toyota , later named Toyota San Diego .
It makes cars and trucks under the brand names Toyota , Hino Truck , Scion and Lexus . The company owns most of Daihatsu .
It is based in Toyota , Aichi .
Toyota provides financial services and works with many other kinds of business as well .
Antonio Valencia -LRB- born 4 August 1985 -RRB- is an Ecuadorian football player .
Chitin is a semitransparent material that is the main component of the exoskeletons of arthropods , such as crustaceans -LRB- e.g. crab , lobster and shrimp -RRB- and insects -LRB- e.g. ants , beetles and butterflies -RRB- , of the cell walls of fungi , the radula of molluscs and the beaks of cephalopods -LRB- e.g. squid , and octopuses -RRB- .
Chitin has also proven useful for several medical and industrial purposes .
Budhial is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Budhial village is found about 25 kilometres from Talagang at 32 Â 58 ' 60N 72 Â 10 ' 60E .
The Earl Marshal , a hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk , oversees the College , but he is not a member .
A partial exception to this rule is the case of a woman who has no brothers , or whose brothers have no children ; such a woman is called a heraldic heiress and may transmit the arms to her children as a quartering with their father 's arms , and to their descendents .
There are , three levels of officers of arms : Kings of Arms , Heralds , and Pursuivants .
The Earl Marshal 's court -LRB- called the Court of Chivalry -RRB- can hear cases about using coats arms , but the court has not sat since 1954 .
The officers of arms occupy posts bearing traditional titles :
The Kings of Arms grant coats of arms by letters patent . Before they can even consider the granting of arms , an application , -LRB- called a memorial -RRB- must be made to the Earl Marshal , and a fee paid .
Although daughters and sons inherit the right to bear arms for themselves personally , the right passes only through the male line : hence , a son transmits the arms to his children , but a daughter , can use them herself , but her children can not .
If it does proceed , its success or otherwise will depend on the approval of the Earl Marshal , who may apply his own standards .
Before they can even consider the granting of arms , an application , -LRB- called a memorial -RRB- must be made to the Earl Marshal , and a fee paid .
-LRB- Scotland has its own heraldic authority : Lord Lyon King of Arms and his office . -RRB-
In 1616 , Ralphe Brooke , York Herald , tricked the Garter King of Arms into granting a coat of arms to the common hangman for a fee of 22 shillings -LRB- Â # 1-20p -RRB- .
The applicant does not buy a coat of arms : the arms themselves are freely given , but fees must be paid to the heralds and artists involved as professionals , and to support the buildings and other running costs of the College .
For these public appearances , the officers of the college wear costume showing their place in the Royal Household , either simple red livery or the herald 's traditional colourful outfit of a tabard emblazoned with his master 's arms -LRB- in this case the royal arms -RRB- .
If a herald is approached and does not consider that the application has merit , he may tactfully suggest to the applicant that he or she should not proceed .
The college is involved in genealogy and have many pedigrees -LRB- family trees -RRB- in their records .
William IV reduced them to the old level in the 1830s .
The Kings of Arms grant coats of arms by letters patent .
The Kings of Arms are authorised in their `` patents of appointment '' -LRB- the letter giving them their job -RRB- to grant coats of arms to `` eminent men '' .
These salaries were set centuries ago and reflect the living costs of the day .
`` Heralds Extraordinary '' are appointed to take part in special ceremonial occasions or to help the Earl Marshal personally ; they are not members of the college . Among the extraordinary heralds have been â ''
The officers of arms earn money from their own private practices in heraldry and genealogy . They get only nominal salaries as officers of the College .
The College of Arms does not need to approve the use of the arms in each generation : the original grant of arms is the only authority required .
By 1530 , the heralds wanted successful candidates for a grant of arms to have Â # 300 or rent from land of Â # 10 a year .
The costs involved are quite substantial .
As well as designing and granting new arms , the College tries to answers many requests from people trying to prove that they are descended from an armigerous -LRB- arms-bearing -RRB- person ; a person descended in the male line -LRB- or through heraldic heiresses -RRB- from an armiger may be reissued that ancestor 's arms .
Since the heralds get fees for granting arms , they have always been generous when deciding who should be allowed a coat of arms .
The coat of arms , or a differenced version of them using marks of cadency , can be used by all of the legitimate children of an individual and such children and their descendants may bear the arms -LRB- or a differenced version of them -RRB- from the moment of birth : they do not have to wait for the death of the previous generation .
When a Royal Licence is granted for a transfer of arms , the change of the surname may be permitted by the Licence itself , so there is no need of a deed poll .
His second , After the Rain , received the Poets ' Prize .
His poems have appeared in literary journals in the U.S. and in the Twentieth-Century American Poetry , Contemporary American Poetry , and Writing Poems .
After military service and travel abroad , he made his home in Indianapolis , where he has lived since 1969 .
His first collection , Work , for the Night Is Coming , won the Walt Whitman Award .
Much of his early work is set in Mississinewa County , an imaginary place that includes the actual Mississinewa River .
In recent years , as Carter began to publish his poems on the web , his poetry has ranged farther .
Carter studied at Yale University .
Jared Carter is a poet .
Carter writes in free verse and in traditional forms .
Paillet is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
A premalignant lesion is a visually -LRB- morphologically -RRB- altered tissue in which cancer is more likely to occur than its normal counterpart .
The condition was named in 1875 by Romanian physician Victor BabeÅ .
A precancerous -LRB- or premalignant -RRB- condition is not malignant .
The Weser is a river of north-western Germany .
Formed at Hannoversch MÃ 1\/4 nden by the confluence of the Fulda and Werra rivers , it flows through Bremen to the North Sea , and has a length of 440 km .
Aeschi is a municipality of the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
BurgÃ schisee is a lake in the forest on the border with Seeberg .
He credited fellow screenwriter Jeff Stockwell for recreating Terabithia for the film .
With a budget of around $ 20 million , it collected US$ 137 million worldwide .
`` What Jeff was able to do as an outsider who wasnâ t so attached to the story was to really let his imagination go free and make up this world in a wonderful way '' , David said .
Bridge to Terabithia was nominated for seven awards . It won five of these .
The opening day had collections of $ 6.3 million .
With regard to the character , Robb said '' -LRB- Leslie -RRB- 's one of those people who 's just always lit up , who has this glow about her , and no one can bring her down .
The Wall Street Journal critic Joe Morgenstern felt the film overused fantasy . The critic added that the `` agreeable simplicity in between computer-generated monsters '' .
Director CsupÃ stated they had thought of no actors for the film at first .
Robb won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Leading Young Actress '' , and Bailee Madison won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Young Actress Age Ten or Younger '' .
The DVD and Blu-ray version had `` Digital Imagination : Bringing Terabithia to Life '' , `` Behind the Book : The Themes of Bridge to Terabithia '' It also had `` Keep Your Mind Wide Open '' music video by Robb , and two audio commentaries . The first was with director CsupÃ , writer Jeff Stockwell , and producer Hal Lieberman .
The film has a worldwide gross of US$ 120 million . It grossed $ 80 million in the US and Canada .
Producer and screenwriter David L. Paterson is the novel 's author 's son . His name was featured on its dedication page .
After school , they go into the woods . There , they swing across a creek on a rope .
Film editing took ten weeks . Post-production , music mixing , and visual effects took a few months .
When he asked his mother if he could write a screenplay of the novel , she agreed .
Josh Hutcherson was nominated at the 2008 Saturn Awards for `` Best Performance by a Younger Actor '' .
She might be physically different from Leslie in the book , but the spirit of Leslie and the spirit of AnnaSophia are nearly identical .
The film grossed `` a higher-than-expected '' $ 28,536,717 from 2,284 screens . It earned an average of $ 9,885 per screen .
100 crew members from Weta worked for the film .
At recess , Jess enters a running event , for which he had been training at home .
Josh Hutcherson was not their first choice for the role of Jess Aarons . He was chosen as they `` felt the chemistry between AnnaSophia Robb and him '' .
Once Leslie 's parents finish writing their book , she and Jess help paint their house .
The film 's musical score was composed by Aaron Zigman . He was hired after Alison Krauss did not compose the music .
Production of the film began in February 2006 .
At school on Friday , Leslie hears Janice crying in the bathroom .
Critics said the film was `` a faithful adaptation of a beloved children 's novel and a powerful portrayal of love , loss , and imagination through children 's eyes .
Critics called it faithful to the children 's novel . They said the visuals and performances made the film imaginative .
CsupÃ explained that `` it was a very conscious decision from the very beginning that we 're not going to overdo the visual effects because of the story 's integrity and the book 's integrity . '' There was only a small mention of Jess and Leslie fighting creatures in Terabithia in the book .
The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name .
Robb also talked with Lauren Levine , the producer of the film , before casting even began . '' -LRB- T -RRB- heir conversation convinced her that , without a doubt , AnnaSophia was meant for this role , '' CsupÃ stated .
To design the creatures of Terabithia , CsupÃ wanted to use `` little more artsy , imaginative , fantastical creatures than the typical rendered characters you see in other movies . '' He was inspired by Terry Gilliam and Ridley Scott .
The film won five awards at the Young Artist Awards . This included `` Best Family Feature Film -LRB- Fantasy or Musical -RRB- '' and `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Leading Young Actor '' for Hutcherson .
Morgenstern thought CsupÃ lacked experience in direction . Although Deschanel was the best among the adults , she seemed self-directed .
Walt Disney Pictures distributed the film in the U.S.A. Bridge to Terabithia tells the story of two 12-year-old neighbors , Jesse Aarons and Leslie Burke .
She particularly praised Deschanel and Madison .
Claudia Puig of USA Today said `` for a movie about the power of imagination , Bridge to Terabithia is not as clever as you would hope '' .
Jessica Grose of The Village Voice praised director CsupÃ for not showing `` cutesy tween -LRB- neither a child , nor a teenager -RRB- stereotypes . '' She felt Jess ' relationship with his father made Bridge to Terabithia from `` a good kids movie to a classic contender '' .
He focused `` bringing out the emotions of the story . ''
In class , his classmates , Scott Hoager -LRB- Cameron Wakefield -RRB- and Gary Fulcher -LRB- Elliot Lawless -RRB- tease him . A new student his age named Leslie Burke -LRB- AnnaSophia Robb -RRB- comes to the school .
Later in the evening , Jess becomes angry to find his sister has drawn in his notebook . His strict father -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- sides with her .
Later , he gives her a puppy . She names it Prince Terrien .
Ann Hornaday of The Washington Post praised the script . She said it was `` utterly recognizable and authentic '' , and thought Robb and Hutcherson were `` perfectly cast '' .
The real-life portions of the movie were `` derivative and simplistic '' , but Jess ' emotional feelings seemed `` powerfully authentic , and this is where the film finds its truth and soul '' .
Bailee Madison was cast as May Belle Aarons . CsupÃ said they searched for a long time for someone to play her role .
It was shot mainly in Auckland , New Zealand within two months .
CsupÃ noted that he was interested in making the film . He `` had the ambition to do a live-action film for a long time '' , but that he `` did n't like anything until I read this book '' .
She had `` such a charm , even before the camera , she was just like a little sweetheart , '' he said .
Bridge to Terabithia was released in the U.S.A. and Canada on February 16 , 2007 .
Dynamic visuals and natural performances further enhance the imaginative film '' .
David Paterson , who wrote the screenplay , is Katherine Paterson 's son . The novel is based on parts of his childhood .
The film premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on February 16 , 2007 .
Hornaday said the final five minutes showed `` oversweet sentiment . '' Viewers would remember the film 's `` warmth and respect with which it pays homage -LRB- respect -RRB- to first love , '' she added .
First , natural-looking creatures were created based on pencil sketches by CsupÃ and Malanitchev . Photoshop pictures made by visual effects art director Michael Pangrazio was used for this .
The young members of the cast were `` appealing but unpolished '' .
It was a match made in heaven . ''
We needed someone who could go from an introverted boy in an isolated world to someone who completely taps into his imagination and becomes a confident , brave leader in Terabithia .
That 's a heck of a range for such a young actor . ''
James Berardinelli of ReelViews called Bridge to Terabithia `` easily the best family feature of the early year '' .
Jesse `` Jess '' Aarons -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- is a fifth grader who wants to be an artist . He lives with his financially poor family in Lark Creek .
Weta was doing the animations when the film was being shot . Weta crew members saw the shooting of all scenes involving these creatures .
After Leslie talks with her , she learns that the reason why Janice is a bully is because she is abused by her father . They become friends .
Weta 's Matt Aitken said the process of animation was `` split into two steps '' .
The main photography for the film was shot in Auckland , New Zealand in sixty days .
Once in Terabithia , they fight with various creatures , including a troll that looks like Janice Avery , the school bully .
Puig said it was an average translation of the novel . But the adult characters were too caricatured or exaggerated in the film .
The director of the film was GÃ bor CsupÃ . It was adapted for a film by David L. Paterson and Jeff Stockwell .
AnnaSophia Robb was nominated for a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for `` Best Young Actress '' .
The film opened in the UK on May 4 , 2007 , and in New Zealand June 7 , 2007 .
Jess tells her that she should not brag about them .
Zigman said there are similarities between the music he made fro Bridge to Terabithia and the film Flicka . He said : '' -LRB- ... -RRB- at times there 's a bit of a Celtic influence but not much '' , but he also went on to say that there was a more modern feel to the music he composed for Bridge to Terabithia .
He rides the bus to school with his little sister , May Belle -LRB- Bailee Madison -RRB- . He avoids the school bully , Janice Avery -LRB- Lauren Clinton -RRB- .
Miriam di Nunzio of the Chicago Sun-Times praised Hutcherson and Robb 's performances . '' -LRB- T -RRB- he film 's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children 's eyes .
Not all reviews were positive .
The film was directed by GÃ bor CsupÃ . Walden Media President Cary Granat first recommended him to direct the film .
CsupÃ chose Weta Digital render the 3D animation . He `` was impressed with their artistic integrity , the teamwork , the -LRB- fact that -RRB- people were really nice , and also they responded to our designs very positively . ''
She was confident , shook hands with everybody and was `` totally sweet and perky '' .
CsupÃ had never done a live-action film before . However , he said it `` did n't worry Granat in the least '' .
-LRB- -LRB- File : AnnaSophia Robb -LRB- 20050209 -RRB- .
The film was finished by November 2006 . This was because the crew `` had to rush '' to finish it by February 16 .
Leslie gives Jess an art kit for his birthday .
The New York Times Jeannette Catsoulis believed that the fantasy was kept in the background `` to find magic in the everyday '' , and thought CsupÃ directed `` like someone intimate with the pain of being different , allowing each personality more than a single characteristic '' .
Catsoulis said the film handled adult topics with `` with nuance -LRB- cleverly -RRB- and sensitivity '' . Since it was smart and `` delicate as a spider web '' , it was the kind of children 's movie `` rarely seen nowadays '' .
CsupÃ said that the two main characters are a little bit older in the film .
jpg thumb upright AnnaSophia Robb 's portrayal of Leslie was praised ; one critic enjoyed her `` engaging '' performance '' , and thought `` only the story 's vibrant young heroine -LRB- ... -RRB- draws us in enough to care '' . -RRB- -RRB-
Paterson had asked his mother , Katherine Paterson , if he could write a screenplay of the novel . She agreed `` not only because he 's -LRB- her -RRB- son , but also because he 's a very good playwright '' .
The score he composed for the film is described as `` very large '' compared to his other work , and Zigman commented that `` Aside from the minimalist stuff and coloring that I love to do , I also like big orchestral stuff , and want to do more of that , and this film enabled me to spread my wings out a bit . ''
Patrick explained that he could relate to the plot . He was `` constantly creating imaginary worlds as a kid '' himself , and that the film reminded him of the place where he grew up .
At school , May Belle shows her friend Alexandra what she has for her snack , Twinkies .
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes said 85 % of 137 collected reviews for Bridge to Terabithia were positive . The average score was 7.1 \/ 10 .
Leslie also enters it . She manages to beat all the boys , including Jess .
Production for the film began in February 2006 , with a budget of around $ 20 million .
Robb wrote CsupÃ `` such a beautiful , heartwarming letter '' that showed she loved the book and character .
Jess and Leslie find an abandoned tree house and a broken down truck on the other side of the creek . They invent a new world , which they call Terabithia .
The next day at school , Leslie praises Jess ' drawing ability . This is after she sees his notebook .
Paterson , who studied in The Catholic University of America , held a special advance screening of the film for them . This was shown at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring , Maryland on February 1 , 2007 .
The first actor cast was AnnaSophia Robb as Leslie Burke .
At recess , May Belle tells Jess and Leslie that Janice stole her Twinkies .
Levine noted that `` looking for Jess was a really tough hunt .
The fantasy world reflects their lives . It comes to life as they explore the area .
Dima Malanitchev drew the creatures . CsupÃ helped him in this .
Levine said `` it was just so clear in talking to her about all this fantasy that I was basically talking to Leslie , that she had that same kind of spark and magical presence .
The story was based on his real life best friend , Lisa Hill . Hill had been struck by lightning .
CsupÃ said Robb was cast for the film because of `` her letter , her enthusiasm , and her love of the material '' .
He called the book `` beautiful '' and said that it `` moved -LRB- him -RRB- '' .
The cinematographer of Bridge to Terabithia was Michael Chapman . This was his final film before he retired .
Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice 's fee for entering the toilet .
Paterson said it was very important for him to keep the spirit of the book alive . At the same time , he had to change it from `` a novel that takes place mostly in the characters ' heads to a dynamic visual medium '' .
Jess is impressed by her parents ' happiness and watches the family .
Paterson knew that the film had to be about friendship and imagination .
It was mainly because of Leslie 's death . '' -LRB- I -RRB- f you can believe this , I did meet with some companies that asked if I could just ` hurt ' Leslie a little bitâ '' put her in a light coma and then bring her out '' .
Corinth is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
But , having attracted the notice of Lucius Valerius Flaccus , he was brought to Rome , and successively held the offices of Cursus Honorum : Tribune -LRB- 214 BC -RRB- , Quaestor -LRB- 204 BC -RRB- , Aedile -LRB- 199 BC -RRB- , Praetor -LRB- 198 BC -RRB- , Consul -LRB- 195 BC -RRB- together with his old patron , and finally Censor -LRB- 184 BC -RRB- .
He was bred , after the manner of his Latin forefathers , to agriculture , to which he devoted himself when not engaged in military service .
He came of an ancient Plebeian family who all were noted for some military service but not for the discharge of the higher civil offices .
Marcus Porcius Cato -LRB- Latin : MÂ PORCIVSÂ MÂ FÂ CATO -RRB- -LRB- 234 BC , Tusculumâ `` 149 BC -RRB- was a Roman statesman , surnamed the Censor -LRB- Censorius -RRB- , Sapiens , Priscus , or the Elder -LRB- Major -RRB- , to distinguish him from Cato the Younger -LRB- his great-grandson -RRB- .
Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles . It started out producing local and punk rock bands .
The label was sold to London Records in 1986 .
Versailles is made world-famous by the Palace of Versailles -LRB- ChÃ cents teau de Versailles -RRB- , who lived Louis XIV , Louis XV and Louis XVI .
Versailles is a French city , located in the western suburbs of Paris , 17.1 km . -LRB- 10.6 miles -RRB- from the center of Paris .
Schneider was born in San Francisco , California and grew up in the nearby suburb of Pacifica .
After becoming a famous stand-up comedian and expert at NBC sketch-comedy series Saturday Night Live , Schneider started a very good career in movies , including main roles in the comedies Deuce Bigalow : Male Gigolo and The Hot Chick .
He is the son of Jewish-American real estate broker Marvin Schneider , and Pilar , a former kindergarten teacher and ex-school board president ; his grandfather on his mothers side of the family was a European-American soldier and his grandmother on the same side of the family was Filipina .
Schneider graduated from Terra Nova High School in 1982 .
Robert Michael Schneider -LRB- born October 31 , 1963 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , screenwriter , and director .
It is the most populated city in the state of Connecticut with a population of 137,912 as of 2006 and is also the fifth largest city in New England being part of the New York combined statistical area .
Bridgeport is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
Tao Te Ching -LRB- Chinese : é `` å 3\/4 ç `` -LRB- -RRB- -RRB- is the Chinese Tanmoy Laozi -LRB- or Lao Tzu , which literally means `` old master '' -RRB- .
It has two parts : Part One is the Tao Ching -LRB- é `` ç `` -RRB- , which is chapters 1 â `` 37 ; Part Two is the Te Ching -LRB- å 3\/4 ç `` -RRB- , which is chapters 38 â `` 81 .
The Tao Te Ching is a short book of about 5,000 Chinese characters . It has 81 short chapters .
Laozi was a sage -LRB- a wise man -RRB- and he was a record-keeper .
By Lemuel Gulliver , First a Surgeon , and then a Captain of several Ships , is a 1726 fictional satire by Jonathan Swift .
Gulliver 's Travels , or Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World , in Four Parts .
The time after the Stone Age is the Bronze Age , named after the metal bronze .
The Stone Age was an ancient time period when people made tools from stone .
The Stone Age is divided by archaeologists -LRB- people who study relics -RRB- into three sections : Paleolithic -LRB- `` old stone '' -RRB- , Mesolithic -LRB- `` middle stone '' -RRB- and Neolithic -LRB- `` new stone '' -RRB- . Pottery was invented during the Neolithic Stone Age .
Many years ago , when the use of instrumental music was growing , trumpets became very important . Trumpets were long and without valves .
A trumpet is a brass instrument used mainly in Classical music and jazz music . The most common type of trumpet is a Bb trumpet , meaning that if the player plays a C , it will sound like a Bb in concert pitch .
The chromatic trumpet was developed in the late 18th century . Later on , valves were developed , and it became easier to play notes on the trumpet .
The studio clips are `` Loud Love '' and `` Hands All Over '' .
The bassist for these performances was Jason Everman .
In addition to the home video , A&M released a promo 12 '' -LRB- on blue vinyl , July 1990 -RRB- and CD -LRB- May 1990 -RRB- with the same title , Louder Than Live .
It also features footage of the band performing two songs in the studio .
It was released on May 22 , 1990 .
The CD came wrapped in brown paper , duct-taped closed with a yellow and black sticker that reads `` Soundgarden : Louder Than Live '' .
In addition to the 6 other live tracks , it includes `` Hunted Down '' .
Louder Than Live is a home video released by the Seattle grunge band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles , California on December 7 , 1989 and December 10 , 1989 .
The vinyl includes the 5 live tracks from the video in addition to `` Beyond the Wheel '' .
This album has been bootlegged on black vinyl ; genuine copies can be distinguished by the A&M logo .
It features five live tracks filmed during the Louder Than Love tour .
It is on this video that frontman Chris Cornell is seen wearing his infamous silver duct-tape shorts .
The live tracks are `` Get on the Snake '' , `` Gun '' , `` I Awake '' , `` Big Dumb Sex '' , and a medley of Spinal Tap 's `` Big Bottom '' and Cheech & Chong 's `` Earache My Eye '' , with footage from both concerts mixed together .
The center label features a close-up picture of guitarist Kim Thayil 's face .
Louder Than Live was released on VHS only , with no official DVD version available .
Hemoglobin -LRB- also spelled hemoglobin -RRB- is a protein in the blood which contains Iron and is used to transport oxygen around the body .
Hemoglobin is made from three parts : a heme molecule , a globin chain , and an iron atom .
When hemoglobin has oxygen in it , its called oxyhemoglobin .
Hemoglobin are found in the red blood cells .
Romeu Pellicciari -LRB- born 26 March , 1911 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
On January 20 , 2006 , an explosion occurred in the underground copper mine of Carola-Agustina in CopiapÃ , Chile , shortly after two trucks collided , covering the only escape route for the miners inside the mine .
The explosion caused two deaths , two injured and 70 miners stayed trapped for 7 hours .
At the nearby mine , `` Punta de Cobre '' , miners constructed a tunnel to allow evacuations in case of emergencies , after the explosion .
Horebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
How Watson and Crick got Franklin 's results has been much debated . Crick , Watson and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the Nobel Prize in 1962 for their work on DNA â `` Rosalind Franklin had died in 1958 .
Past episodes of melting and volcanism at the outer levels of the mantle have produced a very thin crust of crystallized melt products near the surface , where we live .
The gases evolved during the melting of Earth 's mantle have a large effect on the composition and size of Earth 's atmosphere .
It lies about three kilometres under the ocean surface and covers thousands of square kilometres .
A thin crust , the upper part of the lithosphere , surrounds the mantle and is about 5 to 75 km thick .
In 2007 a team of scientists on board the RRS James Cook went to an area of the Atlantic seafloor where the mantle has no crust covering .
It is called the asthenosphere , and is composed of flowing rock in the state of plasticity , about 200 km thick , and the lowermost part of the lithosphere , composed of rigid rock , about 50 to 120 km thick .
The uppermost mantle plus overlying crust are relatively rigid and form the lithosphere , an irregular layer with a maximum thickness of perhaps 200 km , of which the uppermost mantle is 120 to 50 km thick .
Bruce Arena is a former American soccer player . He has played for United States national team .
The month of May might have been named for the Roman goddess Maia , or more likely the Roman goddess of fertility Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
Blakesburg is a city in Iowa , one of the United States .
The Fiat Fiorino is a automobile produced by Fiat in three generations since 1977 .
Roquetoire is a commune . It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It is best known for the death of over 900 of its members on November 18 , 1978 in Guyana , at the Peoples Temple Agricultural Project -LRB- informally called `` Jonestown '' -RRB- , a nearby airstrip at Port Kaituma , and Georgetown .
Bridget Jane Fonda -LRB- born January 27 , 1964 -RRB- is an American retired actress .
Fonda is the daughter of Peter Fonda , the granddaughter of Henry and the niece of Jane Fonda .
HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur is a city found on the western coast of Iceland . It is found about 10 kilometres south of ReykjavÃ k. It is the third biggest city in Iceland . .
Around 25,400 people were living in HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur as of 2008 .
HafnarfjÃ rÃ ur is a city found on the western coast of Iceland .
Saint-Gen Ã s-de-Blaye is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Clemson University is a public university in Clemson , South Carolina .
The origins of thrash metal are generally traced to the late 1970s and early 1980s , when a number of bands began incorporating the sound of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal with elements of hardcore punk , creating a new genre and developing into a separate movement from punk rock .
This genre is much more aggressive compared to its relative , speed metal .
Thrash metal is a type of heavy metal music , one of the extreme metal types of music , that is characterised by its high speed and aggression .
Toulon is a city in the south of France .
Eschborn is a town near Frankfurt am Main in the Main-Taunus district , Hesse , Germany .
Suhl is a town in Thuringia , Germany .
According to a local joke , `` Suhl is so close to the edge of the world you can see Zella-Mehlis '' .
Its population in 2003 was 43,610 .
Eden is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Saint-Maurice-d ` Ard Ã che is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Rathbun is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mesen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Rock formed entirely of plagioclase feldspar is known as anorthosite .
Feldspar forms crystals from magma in both intrusive and extrusive rocks , and they can also happen as compact minerals , as veins , and are also present in many types of metamorphic rock .
The dough must be kneaded by hand or with a low-speed mixer .
-LRB- The piece of bread is usually called a `` pizza crust '' . -RRB- Almost any kind of topping can be put over a pizza .
After the rising process , the dough must be formed by hand without the help of a rolling pin or other mechanical device , and may be no more than 3 mm -LRB- 1\/8 in -RRB- thick .
Authentic Neapolitan pizzas are made with local ingredients like San Marzano tomatoes , which grow on the volcanic plains to the south of Mount Vesuvius and Mozzarella di Bufala Campana , made with the milk from water buffalo raised in the marshlands of Campania and Lazio in a semi-wild state -LRB- this mozzarella is protected by its own European law -RRB- .
This admits only three official variants : Pizza marinara , which is made with tomato , garlic , oregano and extra virgin olive oil -LRB- although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara -RRB- , Pizza Margherita , made with tomato , mozzarella , basil and extra virgin olive oil , and Pizza Margherita Extra made with tomato , buffalo mozzarella from Campania in fillets , basil and extra virgin olive oil .
2 -RRB- In Pizza Restaurants -LRB- Pizzerias -RRB- it is served in a dish in its traditional round shape .
Pizza is cooked in long , rectangular baking pans and relatively thick -LRB- 1-2 cm -RRB- .
Sicilian-style pizza has its toppings baked directly into the crust . Pizza Hut 's Sicilian Pizza , introduced in 1994 , is not an authentic example of the style as only garlic , basil , and oregano are mixed into the crust , it 's sold in the restaurant chain Pizza Hut .
When purchased , it is usually cut with scissors or knife and priced by weight .
Neapolitan pizza -LRB- pizza Napoletana -RRB- .
The crust similar to that of an English muffin and mostly cooked in an electric oven .
The genuine Neapolitan pizza dough consists of Italian flour , natural Neapolitan yeast or brewer 's yeast , salt and water .
Lazio style : Pizza in Lazio -LRB- Rome -RRB- , as well as in many other parts of Italy is available in 2 different `` flavors '' : 1 -RRB- In take-away shops so-called `` Pizza Rustica '' or `` Pizza a Taglio '' .
When cooked , it should be crispy , tender and fragrant .
Some popular U.S. pizza places are :
Valya Mladenova Balkanska -LRB- born January 8 , 1942 -RRB- is a Bulgarian folk music singer . She is most famous for performing the song Izlel je Delyo hajdutin , which was sent to space on board the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes in 1977 .
In 2002 the Bulgarian president honored her with a Stara Planina medal , considered the highest national award .
In 2004 Balkanska released an album called Glas ot vechnostta -LRB- Voice from the Eternity -RRB- , comprising some of her most popular songs such as A bre yunache ludo i mlado , Goro le goro zelena , and Maychinko stara maychinko .
Since December 2005 she has her own star plate on the Bulgarian Walk of Fame .
It made Boeing one of the biggest makers of passenger planes and began the series of aircraft with `` 7x7 '' names .
The 707 was not the first commercial jet in service , but it was one of the first to make money .
It dominated passenger air transport in the 1960s and was common throughout the 1970s . The 707 is usually said to have started the Jet Age .
The Boeing 707 is a four-engine commercial passenger jet airliner made by Boeing starting in the early 1950s .
Its name is usually said as `` Seven Oh Seven '' .
Boeing built a total of 1,010 707s including a smaller , faster version of the plane known as the Boeing 720 .
The Akkadian language was made the official language of international discourse .
He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic , centrally ruled empire , although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim .
During Sargon 's reign , Akkadian was standardized and adapted for use with the cuneiform script , which was previously used for the Sumerian language .
He ruled from a new capital , Akkad , which the Sumerian king list claims he built on the left bank of the Euphrates .
Sargon 's vast empire is known to have extended from Elam to the Mediterranean Sea , including Mesopotamia , parts of modern-day Iran and Syria , and possibly parts of Anatolia and the Arabian peninsula .
In 2005 , when Blockland was in beta , Blockland was on an article on Globe and Mail in which Eric says 20,000 people downloaded Blockland in the ten days since it `` became big '' .
In 2009 , Lego were talking to Eric `` Badspot '' Hartman about selling Blockland .
It has been talked about by The Screen Savers and Shack News . In 2005 , when Blockland was in beta , Blockland was on an article on Globe and Mail in which Eric says 20,000 people downloaded Blockland in the ten days since it `` became big '' .
Blockland is a multiplayer computer game made on the Torque Game Engine , where people make things using blocks .
Willem Einthoven -LRB- May 21 , 1860 - September 29 , 1927 -RRB- was an Dutch doctor .
He won the 1924 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , for inventing the electrocardiogram .
On March 5 1865 at Wascoe 's Inn in the Blue Mountains Pottinger accidentally shot himself in the stomach while trying to get onto a moving coach .
He was moved to the Victoria Club in Sydney where he died on April 9 1865 . His brother Henry , became the 3rd Baronet .
He was sent to the Lachlan River area . He showed he was a busy but unlucky hunter of bushrangers .
He was buried at St Jude 's Anglican Church , Randwick .
In May 1863 the inspector-general told police to think of new ways to catch the bushrangers .
Protest meetings against his sacking were held on the gold diggings and in the towns . People signed petitions for him to given his job back .
On the night August 9 , Pottinger and a group of police surrounded the house of Gardiner 's mistress , Kate Brown . The bushranger escaped when Pottinger 's pistol fired accidentally .
He captured Patrick Daley . On on August 17 1864 he nearly caught James Alpin McPherson .
Pottinger kept his title secret but in 1860 the inspector-general of police , John McLerie found out .
On September 27 1862 Pottinger had appeared before a Bathurst court on a charge of assault .
In 1862 Pottinger was made an inspector of police for the Western District of New South Wales .
They arrested a young boy who they thought was a friend of the bushrangers . When he died from a fever in gaol in March 1863 , this was seen to be caused by Pottinger 's cruelty .
In April 1862 he arrested Ben Hall at Forbes on a charge of robbery .
Soon afterward Hall joined Frank Gardiner 's gang . On June 15 1862 they robbed the Lachlan gold escort of some Â # 14,000 at Eugowra .
They escaped several days later in a gun battle . Pottinger got back some of the stolen gold .
The bushrangers in his area became more active .
Early in January 1865 Pottinger rode a horse in the Wowingragong races .
In November he became clerk of petty sessions at Dubbo and on October 1 1861 assistant superintendent of the Southern Mounted Police Patrol .
B ` Day Anthology Video Album is a video album , released by the American R&B singer-songwriter BeyoncÃ . It was released alongside B ` Day Deluxe Edition on April 3 , 2007 .
The alliance was then made stronger by agreements made with Japan , the United States and Spain . In this form , there was a balance of power -LRB- meaning no group was much stronger than any other one -RRB- with the `` Triple Alliance '' of Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy .
The Triple Entente -LRB- `` entente '' â '' French for `` agreement '' -RRB- was the name given to alliance -LRB- friendly relationship -RRB- between the United Kingdom , France and the Russian Empire . The alliance was formed after the Anglo-Russian Entente , an agreement between Britain and Russia in 1907 .
Jazz piano is a word for the ways pianists play jazz . The piano has been an important part of the jazz , in both solo and group settings .
For this reason it is also an important tool in the understanding of jazz theory and arranging for jazz musicians and composers .
Jazz piano is a word for the ways pianists play jazz .
The piano has been an important part of the jazz , in both solo and group settings .
Its role is one of the biggest . This is because of the instrument 's combined melodic and harmonic nature .
Together with the guitar , vibraphone , and other keyboard instruments , the piano is one of the few instruments in a jazz combo which can play chords , instead of only single notes -LRB- as with the saxophone or trumpet -RRB- .
He plays for Kashima Antlers .
Toru Araiba -LRB- born 12 July 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
It is black-and-white and was co-directed by Melina and Knowles for the B ` Day Anthology Video Album , which was released the same month ; it was one of eight videos shot in two weeks for the album .
Though Knowles is from Texas , she had never previously been on mechanical bull .
Knowles rehearsed the pole dancing using two ballet bars , which was when it was decided to add a pole above her head to form an arc .
It begins with Knowles sitting in a chair , wearing men 's clothing and smoking a cigar .
Suga Mama is an R&B \/ soul\/funk\/rock song written by BeyoncÃ Knowles , Rich Harrison , and Makeba , and produced by Knowles and Harrison for Knowles ' second solo album , B ` Day -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
There were no problems during warm-ups , but the man operating the bull during the video shoot programmed it to go faster , causing Knowles to fall off when she tried to perform tricks such as lifting up her foot , leaning back and turning around .
The `` Suga Mama '' music video was released to UK music channels in April 2007 .
The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube , dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed , lying in a circle of light and riding a mechanical bull .
Knowles said she is meant to `` slowly become a woman '' during the video , adding `` Well , a sexier woman â '' I 'm always a woman . ''
She gets up and begins to pole dance .
It features a sample of Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers ' song `` Searching for Soul '' , which was written by Chuck Middleton .
To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull , the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second -LRB- see frame rate -RRB- and Knowles sang twice as quickly , but it was not until 4:00 a.m. that they completed work .
The Himalayan Wolf is a kind of wolf that was thought to belong to the Tibetan Wolf family , but it , in fact , may be its own species , Canis himalayensis .
It is shown in the movie When Dinosaurs Roamed America attacking an Anchisaurus and getting scared off by a Dilophosaurus . It was called Syntarsus at that time .
Sub Pop is an independent record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle , Washington in 1986 .
It is part of the rural district Mittelsachsen . DÃ beln is located at both banks of the river Freiberger Mulde .
What are portals ?
List of portals Featured portals
An area of disturbed weather , related to Tropical Depression Eight , moved across the northwest Caribbean Sea and the Yucatan Peninsula .
The system became better-organized and when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico , it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on 30th .
The storm weakened quickly to a tropical depression , which then moved around Georgia and Alabama until it dissipated on July 7 .
The 1994 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30 , 1994 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean .
A tropical wave moved into the area , causing an increase in showers and cloudiness .
However in this season no Tropical Cyclone formed after November 30 , the end of the season because the last storm , Hurricane Gorden died on November 21 just nine days before the 30th .
The wave was upgraded into a depression on August 29 near the Yucatan Peninsula .
Tropical Storm Alberto continued north , making landfall near Destin , Florida on July 3 as a moderately strong tropical storm .
Tropical Depression Eight made landfall in Mexico and dissipated the next day over Guatemala .
The strongest , Hurricane Florence , it 's top winds were at a Category 2 storm with winds of 110 mph -LRB- 175 km\/h -RRB- . Aside from Chris , Florence , and Gordon , none of the storms became hurricanes .
The season was unusual in that it produced no major hurricanes , which are those of Category 3 status or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
The wave that would become Tropical Depression Five was tracked beginning on August 17 .
Tropical Depression Nine form off the coast of Africa on September 26 .
Tropical Depression Eight formed on September 19 in the southwestern Caribbean Sea . The wave strengthened into Tropical Depression Eight on September 24 near Honduras .
The Left Hand of Darkness is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin in 1969 .
It won the 1969 Nebula and 1970 Hugo awards .
The word maroon comes from the French word marron which means `` chestnut '' .
The first recorded use of maroon as a color name in English was in 1789 .
Maroon is a dark red color .
Jan van Eyck or Johannes de Eyck -LRB- before c. 1395 -- before July 9 , 1441 -RRB- was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Bruges . He is thought to be one of the best Northern European painters of the 15th century .
Jan van Eyck or Johannes de Eyck -LRB- before c. 1395 -- before July 9 , 1441 -RRB- was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Bruges .
The Occitan language -LRB- Occitan : Occitan , French : Occitan -RRB- is a romance language spoken in parts of southern France , Spain , Italy and Monaco .
It is sometimes called Lenga d' Ã c -LRB- language of `` Oc '' , French : Langue d'oc -RRB- because the word for yes is Ã c , as opposed to oil -LRB- oui -RRB- or sÃ in other languages .
Extracellular fluid is a type of fluid in the body that exists outside cells .
Revonnas is a commune .
Anvik is a city in Alaska .
Melide is known world-wide for the famous Swissminiatur , a museum that shows famous buildings in Switzerland presented in miniature form .
Melide is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Manuel Fraga Iribarne -LRB- born November 23 , 1922 at Vilalba -RRB- is a Spanish and Galician politician .
He was the President of Galicia from 1990 to 2005 .
Fraga was a politician in Spain under Francisco Franco 's dictatorial regime and in the democracy after Franco 's death .
Naoki Naito -LRB- born 30 May 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Labeaume is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The novels are published by Walker Books in the United Kingdom .
The series is aimed at young adults .
It is written by British author Anthony Horowitz . The series is about a teenage spy named Alex Rider .
They were initially classified as AM7 before the introduction of TOPS .
The British Rail Class 307 electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh Works from 1954-1956 .
Piscu Vechi is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Afar is a Lowland East Cushitic language spoken in Ethiopia , Eritrea and Djibouti .
Its most similar language is the Saho language .
It is thought to have 1.5 million speakers .
It is the county seat of Cotton County .
Walters is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
A platform game , or platformer , is a genre of video game . Platformer gameplay is about jumping between platforms or over obstacles .
The player controls these jumps and must use skill to avoid their character falling off of platforms or missing jumps .
Games where jumping is not controlled by the player , such as The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time , are not thought of as platform games .
Bernot is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
In 2007 , the New York Times ran an op-ed in which Swarthmore professor Nathaniel Deutsch called for the Bush administration to take immediate action to preserve the community :
It is written in a cursive variant of the Parthian chancellory script .
This last office , the highest level of the Mandaean priesthood , has lain vacant for many years .
According to E.S. Drower , the Mandaean Gnosis is characterized by nine features , which also appear in various forms in other gnostic sects :
These laws are regularly applied to discriminate against religious and ethnic groups that are not officially recognized , such as the Mandaeans .
The current status of the Mandaeans has prompted a number of American intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .
, Neo-Mandaic ganzeá rÄ nÄ -RRB- and the riÅ amma `` leader of the people . ''
Mani later left the Elkasaites to start his own religion .
The contemporary priesthood can trace its immediate origins to the first half of the 19th century .
One of the most important works of Mandaean scripture is the DraÅ a d-Iahia `` the Book of John the Baptist '' . This book is accessible to both laymen and initiates .
The 2003 Iraq War reduced the population of Iraqi Mandaeans to approximately 5,000 by 2007 .
There are small Mandaean populations in Australia -LRB- c. 3,500 as of 2006 -RRB- , Canada , the USA -LRB- c. 1,500 -RRB- , the UK -LRB- c. 1,000 -RRB- and Sweden -LRB- c. 5,000 -RRB- .
The language in which the Mandaean religious literature was originally written is known as Mandaic , and is a member of the Aramaic family of dialects .
The majority of Mandaean lay people do not speak this language .
It is difficult to say if groups such as the Elkasaites , the Mughtasila , the Nasoraeans , and the Dositheans are related to the Mandaeans or to one another .
There are three grades of priesthood in Mandaeism : the tarmidia `` disciples '' -LRB- Neo-Mandaic tarmidÄ nÄ -RRB- , the ganzibria `` treasurers '' -LRB- from Old Persian ganza-bara `` id . ''
Mandaeans have several prophets .
While they agree with other gnostic sects that the world is a prison governed by the planetary archons , they do not view it as a cruel and inhospitable one .
Mandaeans do not consider John to be the founder of their religion . They only worship him as one of their greatest teachers .
In Iran , Mandeans do not have a problem with violence , but they are prohibited from fully participating in civil life because of Gozinesh Law .
The Mandaeans have remained separate and intensely privateâ '' what has been reported of them and their religion has come primarily from outsiders , particularly from the Orientalists J. Heinrich Petermann , Nicholas Siouffi , and Lady Ethel Drower .
The members of this sect wore white and performed baptisms like the Mandaeans .
Mandaeans believe in marriage and procreation , and in the importance of leading an ethical and moral lifestyle in this world . They put a high priority on family life .
A legend called HarrÄ n GÄ wetÄ also strengthens this . According to this legend , the Mandaeans left Palestine after the destruction of Jerusalem in the 1st century AD and settled inside the Arsacid empire .
Although the Ginza continued to evolve under the rule of the Sassanians and the Islamic empires , few textual traditions can lay claim to such extensive continuity .
Traditionally , any ganzeá rÄ who baptizes seven or more ganzeá rÄ nÄ may qualify for the office of riÅ amma , though the Mandaean community has yet to rally as a whole behind any single candidate .
The Elkasaites were a Christian baptismal sect which may have been related to the Mandaeans .
The GenzÄ RabbÄ is divided into two halves â '' the GenzÄ SmÄ lÄ or `` Left Ginza '' and the GenzÄ YeminÄ or `` Right Ginza '' .
There are thought to be between 60,000 and 70,000 Mandaeans worldwide , and until the 2003 Iraq war , almost all of them lived in Iraq .
A basic guide to Mandaean theology does not exist .
The members of this sect , like the Mandaeans , wore white and performed baptisms .
Ibn al-Nadim also mentions a group called the Mughtasila , `` the self-ablutionists , '' who may be identified with one or the other of these groups .
This seems to be a folk etymology without support in the Mandaean texts .
Likewise , the Mandaeans believe that Abraham , Moses , and Muhammad were false prophets , but recognize other prophetic figures from the monotheistic traditions , such as Adam , his sons Hibil -LRB- Abel -RRB- and Å itil -LRB- Seth -RRB- , and his grandson AnuÅ -LRB- Enosh -RRB- , as well as Nuh -LRB- Noah -RRB- , his son Sam -LRB- Shem -RRB- and his son Ram -LRB- Aram -RRB- .
The corpus of Mandaean literature is quite large . It also covers topics such as eschatology , the knowledge of God , and the afterlife .
In 1831 , an outbreak of cholera devastated the region and eliminated most if not all of the Mandaean religious authorities .
Mandaeism or Mandaeanism -LRB- Mandaic : Mandaiuta , MandÄ ` iyya -RRB- is a monotheistic religion . The religion has a strong dualistic world view .
Other groups which have been identified with the Mandaeans include the `` Nasoraeans '' , described by Epiphanius , and the Dositheans , mentioned by Theodore Bar KÅ nÄ `` in his Scholion .
Other important books include the QolastÄ , the `` Canonical Prayerbook of the Mandaeans , '' which was translated by E.S. Drower .
The latter three they consider to be their direct ancestors .
Jorunn J. Buckley looked at these special marks the copyists left in the Left Ginza . That way he was able to show that the copying of that text goes back to the to the late 2nd or early 3rd century AD .
This law and other gozinesh provisions require a religious screening for people who want to access employment , education , and a range of other areas . A very important part of this screening procedure is devotion to the tenets of Islam .
Mandaeans will , however , abstain from strong drink and red meat .
Two of the surviving acolytes -LRB- Å gandia -RRB- , Yahia Bihram and Ram Zihrun , reestablished the priesthood on the basis of their own training and the texts that were available to them .
3rd c. BCE -RRB- and which may be related to the kamnaskires -LRB- Elamite kapnuskir `` treasurer '' -RRB- , title of the rulers of Elymais -LRB- modern Khuzestan -RRB- during the Hellenistic age .
Its followers , the Mandaeans , think highly of Adam , Abel , Seth , Enosh , Noah , Shem , Aram and especially John the Baptist .
The most important of them is the GenzÄ RabbÄ or Ginza . The Ginza is a collection of history , theology , and prayers .
They lived in east Judea and northern Mesopotamia . According to the Harran GawaitÄ legend , the Mandaeans migrated to southern Mesopotamia from there .
At the moment , the highest office currently occupied is that of the ganzeá rÄ , a title which appears first in a religious context in the Aramaic ritual texts from Persepolis -LRB- ca .
Consequently , Mandaeans do not practice celibacy or asceticism .
The Mandaic word k -LRB- a -RRB- daba , however , comes from two roots : the first root , meaning `` to lie , '' is the one traditionally given to Jesus ; the second , meaning `` to write , '' might provide a second meaning , that of `` book '' . Some Mandaeans , who are motivated perhaps by an ecumenical spirit , maintain that Jesus was not a `` lying Messiah '' but a `` book Messiah '' .
It is based on a common history and heritage . There is no fixed set of religious creeds and doctrines .
This would imply that Mani had access to Mandaean religious literature .
Mandaeans maintain that Jesus was a mÅ iha kdaba `` false messiah '' who changed the teachings given to him by John .
Mandaean scholar SÃ ve-S Ã derberg showed that Mani 's Psalms of Thomas were closely related to Mandaean texts .
According to the Fihrist of ibn al-Nadim , Mani , the founder of Manichaeism , was brought up within the Elkasaites -LRB- Elcesaites or Elchasaite -RRB- sect .
There were over 60,000 Mandaeans in Iraq in the early 1990s . In 2007 , only about 5,000 to 7,000 remain there ; over 80 % of Iraqi Mandaeans were refugees in Syria and Jordan .
A spindle -LRB- sometimes called a drop spindle -RRB- is a wooden spike -LRB- or shaft -RRB- that has at one end a weight , mostly a circular whorl .
For road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three roads .
Mont Ventoux is the one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France . The Tour has visited the mountain thirteen times since 1951 .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has the nicknames `` Giant of Provence '' and `` The Bald Mountain '' .
There is a memorial to Simpson near the summit which has become a shrine to fans of cycling , who often leave small tokens of remembrance there .
In the 1960s a 50m-high telecommunications mast was built .
In the 15th century a chapel was built on the top . It was dedicated to the Holy Cross .
On May 16 2006 , Jean-Pascal Roux from BÃ doin broke the record of climbs in 24 hours , with eleven climbs , all of them from BÃ doin .
In 1994 , Eros Poli , not known for his climbing ability , stole away at the beginning of the day 's stage , built up a big time gap from the peloton , and was first over the Ventoux and was the stage winner despite .
Jean Buridan climbed the mountain early in the fourteenth century ; Petrarch repeated the feat on April 26 , 1336 , and claimed to have been the first to climb a mountain since antiquity , which has been widely repeated since .
Every year there are amateur races to climb the mountain as quickly and often as possible in 24 hours .
Amphetamines were found in his jersey and bloodstream .
In 1970 , Eddy Merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse but won the stage .
He received oxygen , recovered , and won the Tour .
The route is usually the BÃ doin .
In 1882 , a meteorological station was constructed on the summit , but it is not used now .
Mont Ventoux is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France , about 20 km north-east of Carpentras , Vaucluse .
Acq is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Potenza is a province in the region of Basilicata in Italy .
Rimplas is a commune .
Meher Baba 's most famous quote is `` Do n't Worry , Be Happy , '' partly because it appeared in a popular song by Bobby McFerrin . Others know of him because of the song `` Baba O'Reilly '' written by Pete Townshend who is a follower of his and named the song partly after Baba .
Meher Baba said that in the past the Avatar had been on Earth as Zoroaster , Rama , Krishna , Buddha , Jesus , and Muhammad .
Izumo -LRB- Japanese : å é å 1\/2 ; Izumo-no-kuni -RRB- was an old province of Japan . The territory of Izumo today is part of Shimane Prefecture in the ChÅ `` goku region .
The origin of the word `` Izumo '' is from the name of the goddess Izanami . Legends tell she is the mother of Japan , and that she is buried on Mt. Hiba , at the border of the old provinces of Izumo and Hoki , near modern day Yasugi of Shimane Prefecture .
NFL player Ray Lewis was born in Bartow . It is the county seat of Polk County .
Bartow is a city of Florida in the United States .
The patents will expire in 2010 -- 2011 .
IDEA can be used with the OpenPGP standard .
Each of the eight round uses six sub-keys , while the half-round uses four ; for a total of 52 sub-keys . Each sub-key is a 16-bit in length .
IDEA operates on 64-bit blocks , using a 128-bit key . It contains a series of eight identical transformations -LRB- rounds -RRB- and one output transformation -LRB- the half-round -RRB- .
IDEA derives much of its security by interleaving operations from different groups -- modular addition and multiplication , and bitwise eXclusive OR -LRB- XOR -RRB- -- which are chosen to be `` algebraically incompatible '' .
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar .
As of 2007 , the best attack which applies to all keys can break IDEA if reduced to 6 rounds -LRB- the full IDEA cipher uses 8.5 rounds -RRB- .
-LRB- Applied Cryptography , 2nd ed . -RRB-
In 1996 , Bruce Schneier wrote about IDEA , `` In my opinion , it is the best and most secure block algorithm available to the public at this time . ''
The designers analyzed IDEA to measure its strength against differential cryptanalysis and concluded that it is unsusceptible only under certain assumptions .
However , by 1999 he was no longer recommending IDEA due to the availability of faster cryptographic algorithms , some progress in its cryptanalysis , and the issue of patents .
Today , IDEA is licensed worldwide by a company called MediaCrypt .
In cryptography , the International Data Encryption Algorithm -LRB- IDEA -RRB- is a block cipher designed by Xuejia Lai and James Massey of ETH Zurich in 1991 .
IDEA very like an earlier cipher called Proposed Encryption Standard -LRB- PES -RRB- , but with some improvements . Because of this , IDEA was first called IPES -LRB- Improved PES -RRB- .
IDEA was used in Pretty Good Privacy -LRB- PGP -RRB- v2 .0 after the cipher used in v1 .0 , BassOmatic , was found to be breakable .
The first eight sub-keys are extracted directly from the 128-bit key , with K1 being the lowest sixteen bits and K8 is the highest sixteen bits ; further groups of eight keys are created by rotating the main key left 25 bits after the creation of the previous group ; six rotations generate all sub-keys .
The cipher is patented in a number of countries but can be used by anyone for non-commercial use .
The name `` IDEA '' is also a trademark .
It was meant to be a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard .
Ivan Aivazovsky -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð 1\/2 Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 1\/2 Ñ Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð , Armenian : Õ Õ Õ 3\/4 Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ 1\/2 Ô Õ Õ 3\/4 Õ Õ Õ Õ 3\/4 Õ 1\/2 Õ Õ `` - Hovhannes Aivazovsky July 29 , 1817 â `` May 5 , 1900 -RRB- was a Russian painter of Armenian descent , most famous for his seascapes , which make up more than half of his paintings .
Crystal River is a city of Florida in the United States .
Charlton Athletic Football Club , is an English football club .
Melbourne in Australia is named after the Prime Minister , Viscount Melbourne .
Melbourne is a town in south Derbyshire , England .
Melbourne in Australia is named after the Prime Minister , Viscount Melbourne . His family home was in Melbourne .
The Duke of Bourbon was a prisoner at the castle after the Battle of Agincourt in 1416 .
These events are the carnival and carols at Christmas .
A castle was built in Melbourne in 1311 .
It is eight miles south of Derby and two miles from the River Trent .
The Town Band play at Melbourne 's events .
The concept of context assumes significance in the case of interruptible tasks , wherein upon being interrupted the processor saves the context and proceeds to serve the Interrupt service routine .
In computer science , a task context -LRB- process , thread ... -RRB- is the minimal set of data used by this task that must be saved to allow a task interruption at a given date , and a continuation of this task at the point it has been interrupted and at an arbitrary future date .
In small quantities sorrel is harmless ; in large quantities it can be fatal .
It has whorled spikes of reddish-green flowers , which bloom in summer , becoming purplish .
The leaves may be purÃ ed in soups and sauces or added to salads and shav ; they have a flavor that is similar to kiwifruit or sour wild strawberries .
The stamens and pistils are on different plants -LRB- dioecious -RRB- ; the ripe seeds are brown and shining .
It is about 60 centimetres -LRB- cm -RRB- high , and it has roots that go far into the ground . Sorrel also has juicy stems and oblong leaves that can be eaten .
Sorrel is also know by the names spinach dock and narrow-leaved dock .
The plant 's sharp taste is due to oxalic acid , which is a poison .
Common sorrel or garden sorrel -LRB- Rumex acetosa -RRB- , often simply called sorrel , is a perennial herb that is cultivated as a garden herb or leaf vegetable -LRB- pot herb -RRB- .
Common sorrel has been cultivated for centuries .
Biopsy is a Greek word , from the Greek words bio meaning `` life '' and opsia meaning see .
Collinsville is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Cologne 's archbishop Rainald von Dassel brought the relics of the biblical Three Wise Men there in 1164 .
Cologne is also famous for Eau de Cologne -LRB- KÃ lnisch Wasser -RRB- .
Madison sought to accomplish this by demonstrating conclusively that the Acts violated the constitution .
Jefferson eagerly sought copies for distribution to Republican members of Congress departing for their home states , and when they failed to arrive he entreated Monroe for at least one copy that he could reproduce .
Parties outside Virginia seemed uninterested in the rehashing of the 1798 Resolutions , and in other states there was very little public comment .
Other cases to cite the Report for a similar purpose include Thornhill v. Alabama -LRB- 1940 -RRB- and Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles in the Virginia Resolutions .
In the 1957 Roth v. United States opinion by William Brennan , Madison 's Report is cited as evidence that `` the fundamental freedoms of speech and press have contributed greatly to the development and well-being of our free society and are indispensable to its continued growth . ''
As well , Madison attacked Federalist carriage laws and bank laws as unconstitutional .
In defense of Virginia Republicans and the Resolutions , Madison emphasized that even if one disagreed with the compact theory , the Virginia Resolutions and the Report of 1800 themselves were simply protests , which states were surely entitled to produce .
Madison thought the Resolutions and Report were consistent with this principle while the Ordinance of Nullification was not .
Though it had little impact on the immediate election , Madison 's Report clarified the legal argument against the Acts and for states ' rights in general , particularly in its advancement of the Tenth Amendment rather than the Ninth as the main bulwark against federal encroachment on state autonomy .
The arguments made in the Resolutions and the Report were later used frequently during the nullification crisis of 1832 , when South Carolina declared federal tariffs to be unconstitutional and void within the state .
To remedy the defects revealed by the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts , Madison called for citizens to have an absolute right to free speech .
Freedom of the press was necessary , because `` chequered as it is with abuses , the world is indebted to the press for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression . ''
Contrary to the Sedition Act , the federal government had no power to protect officials from dissent or libelous attack , beyond the protection it accorded to every citizen ; indeed , such special intervention against the press was `` expressly forbidden by a declaratory amendment to the constitution . ''
Madison won over Jefferson , who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that : `` From -LRB- this position -RRB- I retreat readily , not only in deference to -LRB- Madison 's -RRB- judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations , so these , when they occur , will be cause enough of themselves . ''
The measure came before the House of Delegates , the lower house of the General Assembly , on January 2 .
These replies contended that the Supreme Court of the United States had the ultimate responsibility for deciding whether federal laws were constitutional , and that the Alien and Sedition Acts were constitutional and necessary .
However , James Monroe , who would become Governor of Virginia before the end of the year , visited Jefferson at Monticello and cautioned him against meeting with Madison , since another meeting between two of the most important Republican leaders would provoke significant public comment .
The state governments themselves , no less than the federal judiciary , possess only delegated power and therefore can not decide questions of fundamental importance .
This resolution had been the principal target of the Federalist attack on the Resolutions .
Particularly at issue was the sense in which the states were parties to the federal compact .
The basic message was that the states were the ultimate parties constituting the federal compact , and that therefore the individual states were ultimate arbiters of whether the compact had been broken by the usurpation of power .
The Report was received warmly by Virginia Republicans .
The Alien Act granted the President the unenumerated power of deporting friendly aliens .
The most significant of these were the Alien and Sedition Acts , four laws that allowed the President to deport aliens at will , required a longer period of residence before aliens could become citizens , and made it a crime to publish malicious or defamatory material against the government or its officials .
Henry Clay said on the floor of the House of Representatives that it was from the Report of 1800 , above other documents , that he had developed his own theories on constitutional interpretation .
At the time , leading Virginia Republican figures such as Rep. William Branch Giles -LRB- in public -RRB- and Sen. John Taylor of Caroline -LRB- in private -RRB- actually were contemplating disunion , and the Virginia General Assembly chose this juncture for finally constructing a new state armory in Richmond , so there was some truth to the charge .
They were `` expressions of opinion , unaccompanied with any other effect than what they may produce on opinion by exciting reflection . ''
The Resolutions , usually discussed together with Thomas Jefferson 's contemporaneous Kentucky Resolutions , were a response to various perceived outrages perpetrated by the Federalist-dominated national government .
According to Kevin Gutzman , the Report , together with the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions , forms a foundation for the `` radical southern states ' rights tradition . ''
The first major goal of the Resolutions was to bring about the repeal of the Alien and Sedition Acts by generating public opposition that would be expressed through the state legislatures .
The General Assembly arranged for five thousand copies to be printed and distributed in the state , but there was not much public response to the Report , and it appears to have had relatively little impact on the presidential election of 1800 -LRB- which was , nevertheless , a major victory for the Republicans and a repudiation of Federalist policies -RRB- .
Jefferson underlined the importance of this work in a November 26 letter to Madison in which he identified `` protestations against violations of the true principles of our constitution '' as one of the four primary elements of the Republican Party plan .
The Virginia General Assembly adopted the Report in January 1800 . The document primarily subtly amends arguments from the 1798 Virginia Resolutions .
Madison writes that the ability to prosecute speech amounts to `` a protection of those who administer the government , if they should at any time deserve the contempt or hatred of the people , against being exposed to it . ''
In more recent years , the main practical interest in the Report has been its absolutist understanding of the First Amendment .
H. Jefferson Powell , a modern jurist , identifies three persistent themes of Republican constitutionalism which emerged from the Resolutions and the Report : -LRB- 1 -RRB- a textual approach to the Constitution , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the compact theory , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- that caution , not trust , should characterize our approach to those who hold political power .
A major item on his agenda was the defense of the General Assembly 's 1798 Virginia Resolutions , of which Madison had been the draftsman .
The Report of 1800 , Madison argued , did not say the government was a compact of the individual states , as the pro-nullification elements suggested .
Multiple Supreme Court decisions have cited the case as evidence of the Framers ' ideas on free speech .
The reason for the criticism was that the General Assembly , led in the effort by state-sovereignty advocate John Taylor of Caroline , had put a state-sovereignty spin on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798 despite Madison 's hopes .
The Report of 1800 was a resolution drafted by James Madison . It argued for the sovereignty of the individual states under the United States Constitution and against the Alien and Sedition Acts .
However , Madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners .
Once at Richmond , Madison began drafting the Report , though he was delayed by a weeklong battle with dysentery .
The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Republican principles .
In modern scholarship outside the legal arena the Report is mostly studied for its discussion of states ' rights with regard to federalism and republicanism .
The Virginia Resolutions had in the year since publication received highly critical replies from state legislatures , including those of New York , Delaware , and the five New England states .
Madison , a member of the Republican Party , was elected to the Republican-dominated Virginia General Assembly from Orange County in 1799 .
Despite Jefferson 's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison 's work , the national reaction was tepid .
Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union , which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above .
The Assembly session began in early December .
The Federalists accused the Republicans of seeking disunion , even contemplating violence .
Republicans were outraged by the legislation , and Madison and Jefferson drafted the highly critical Resolutions adopted in response by the Virginia and Kentucky state legislatures .
Rather the Report of 1800 described a compact of `` the people in each of the States , acting in their highest sovereign capacity . ''
The Report was the last important explication of the Constitution produced before the 1817 Bonus Bill Veto Message .
More generally , the Report made the argument in favor of the sovereignty of the individual states , for which it is best known .
The Report was ultimately amended to provide greater clarity on this issue by emphasizing that it was the people themselves , acting through the states in their sovereign capacity , who were parties to the Constitution .
Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon , examining Jefferson 's later writing , conclude that Madison had a significant role `` in softening Jefferson 's more extreme views . ''
This doctrine is known as the compact theory .
At the very least , Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Republicans .
The committee members were Madison , John Taylor , William Branch Giles , George Keith Taylor , John Wise , John Mercer , and William Daniel .
At some point in the next two weeks , it passed the Senate by a margin of 15 to 6 .
Spencer Roane described it as `` the Magna Charta on which the republicans settled down , after the great struggle in the year 1799 . ''
On December 23 , Madison moved for the creation of a special seven-member committee with himself as chairman to respond to `` certain answers from several of the states , relative to the communications made by the Virginia legislature at their last session . ''
Either formulation would help the Republican cause by refuting the finality of any constitutional interpretation advanced by the Congress and federal judiciary , both of which were dominated by Federalists .
The Report supported a strict interpretation of the First Amendment .
The amended Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40 .
In response to this letter , Madison visited Jefferson at Monticello during the first week of September .
The task of writing the Virginia Report was left solely to Madison .
Jefferson hoped for further involvement with the production of the Report and planned to visit Madison at Montpelier on his way to Philadelphia , the national capital , for the winter session of the United States Congress .
While the Federalists interpreted the amendment as limiting the power of Congress over the press , but implying that such power existed , Madison argued that the First Amendment wholly prohibited Congress from any interference with the press .
Whether Madison 's theory of republicanism really supported the nullification movement , and more broadly whether the ideas he expressed between 1798 and 1800 are consistent with his work before and after this period , are the main questions surrounding the Report in the modern literature .
Madison , however , rejected the concept of nullification and the notion that his arguments supported such a practice .
It was the presence of this argument in the Resolutions that had allowed the Federalists to paint the Republicans as leaning toward secession ; in the amended Report the line is moderated , with an emphasis that it is the states as political societies of the people -LRB- and therefore , one reads in , not the state legislatures alone -RRB- which possess this power .
Laying into the Acts in his Report , Madison described many breaches of constitutional limits .
The next day , Christmas Eve , the committee produced a first version of the Report .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
Iron also reacts with the halogens to make iron -LRB- III -RRB- halides , like iron -LRB- III -RRB- chloride . Iron reacts with the hydrohalic acids to make iron -LRB- II -RRB- halides like iron -LRB- II -RRB- chloride .
Iron also reacts with the halogens to make iron -LRB- III -RRB- halides , like iron -LRB- III -RRB- chloride .
Alta Vista is a city of Iowa in the United States .
He has been working for an international industrial company for some years and only writes in his free time . .
Then he studied social sciences and got an exam in it , too . and worked as a clerk for science .
He lives in Herne in the Ruhr Area with his wife and his dog .
Jan Zweyer , born 12 December 1953 in Frankfurt am Main , is a German writer .
Jan Zweyer is only his name for writing , his real name is RÃ 1\/4 diger Richartz .
Zweyer writes detective stories which deal in the Ruhr Area and are very popular in Northrhine-Westphalia because he describes it very naturalistically .
It accepts charitable donations , and rather than directly funding organizations , it produces face-to-face events and offers online resources to help grassroots organizations get off the ground and contribute real value to the community .
London was the first city outside North America .
After incorporation as a private for-profit company in 1999 , Craigslist expanded into nine more U.S. cities in 2000 , four each in 2001 and 2002 , and 14 in 2003 .
In November 2004 , Amsterdam , Bangalore , Paris , Sao Paulo and Tokyo became the first cities outside of primarily English speaking countries .
Its sole source of revenue is paid job ads in select cities -LRB- $ 75 per ad for the San Francisco Bay Area ; $ 25 per ad for New York , Los Angeles , San Diego , Boston , Seattle , Washington D.C. , Chicago and recently Portland , Oregon -RRB- and paid broker apartment listings in New York City -LRB- $ 10 per ad -RRB- .
2007 Craigslist operated with a staff of 24 people .
Vancouver , British Columbia , was the first non U.S. city included .
The site serves over nine billion page views per month , putting it in 56th place overall among web sites world wide , ninth place overall among web sites in the United States -LRB- per Alexa.com on January 10 , 2008 -RRB- , to over thirty million unique visitors .
Craigslist is a centralized network of online communities for free classified advertisements -LRB- with jobs , internship , housing , personal advertisements , erotic services , for sale\/barter\/wanted , services , community , and pets categories -RRB- and forums on various topics .
With over thirty million new classified advertisements each month , Craigslist is the leading classifieds service in any medium .
The service was founded in 1995 by Craig Newmark for the San Francisco Bay Area .
The site receives over two million new job listings each month . So it is one of the top job boards in the world .
A lot of different folk instrumens are also used in the genre with a lot of bands having six or more members in their usual line-ups .
In the early 2000s Folk metal became a lot more popular , especially in Finland with bands such as Ensiferum , Turisas , Korpiklaani , Finntroll and Moonsorrow .
Folk metal was not well known and there were n't many bands in the genre during the 1990s .
In 1994 and 1995 more and more bands in the genre appeared from different places in Europe and also in Israel .
This music genre is a mixture of heavy metal and traditional folk music .
The Irish band Cruachan was one of these early bands , and so were the bands Orphaned Land , from Israel , and the German band Subway to Sally . Each band started to develop their own styles of folk metal and these styles became Celtic metal , Oriental metal and Medieval metal .
Folk metal is a subgenre of heavy metal music that started in Europe in the 1990s .
A few bands also use keyboards to make the sound of folk instruments .
Each band started to develop their own styles of folk metal and these styles became Celtic metal , Oriental metal and Medieval metal .
Lyrics in Folk metal are normally about nature , fantasy , mythology and history .
The earliest example of folk metal was the English band Skyclad .
Their first album The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth was made in 1990 .
Folk instruments are used a lot and sometimes traditional singing styles are also used .
The music of Folk metal is very diverse . Different bands perform a lot of different styles .
This template was created to easily update any article with the ' . To use this template , insert the following code :
A.S. Fortis Trani is a football club which plays in Italy .
Pujols , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Millbrook is a suburb and a former parish of Southampton .
Chaley is a commune .
Alfredo James `` Al '' Pacino -LRB- born April 25 , 1940 -RRB- is an American actor .
He is probably best known for his roles as Tony Montana in the film Scarface and as Michael Corleone in The Godfather .
She has two children , Kyoko Chan Cox -LRB- with Cox -RRB- and Sean Lennon -LRB- with Lennon -RRB- .
Ono and Lennon started a new , part-time group they called the Plastic Ono Band .
Before she married Lennon she was married to Toshi Ichiyanagi from 1956 to 1963 , and Anthony Cox from 1963 to 1969 .
Himachal Pradesh -LRB- Doabi : à à à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à à 1\/4 , à à à à à -RRB- was part of Indian Punjab before 1966 and is considered by some Sikh nationalists as part of the greater area of Khalistan , is now a state in the Republic of India .
Bommes is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen .
Each tip of the `` Y '' of an antibody contains a structure -LRB- like a lock -RRB- that fits one particular key-like structure on an antigen . This binds the two structures together .
The production of antibodies is the main function of the humoral immune system .
Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved . These allow vertebrate B cells to generate a huge pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes .
The antibody recognizes a unique part of the foreign target called an antigen .
Actually , humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies , each capable of binding a distinct antigen site .
This enormous diversity of antibodies allows the immune system to recognize an equally wide variety of antigens .
Using this binding mechanism , an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system , or can neutralize its target directly .
Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar , that small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable . This allows millions of antibodies with different tip structures to exist .
Hotmail is a free email service from MSN .
It was bought by Microsoft in 1997 . Microsoft Hotmail accounts are used to log in to MSN Messenger .
Its current messenger client is Windows Live Messenger .
MSN is also the name for MSN Messenger -LRB- now called Windows Live Messenger -RRB- .
Through MSN , people can create an e-mail account using MSN Hotmail , a blog using MSN Spaces , a group using MSN Groups and plenty more .
During World War I he worked for the War Office , and while he was there in 1918 he planned a series of concerts with the London Symphony Orchestra , which included several important new British works including Gustav Holst 's The Planets , A London Symphony by Ralph Vaughan Williams , and Elgar 's Symphony No. 2 . When Boult was a boy he had already met Elgar .
During World War II the BBC Symphony Orchestra was evacuated to Bristol . Even there it was not safe from the bombing and they moved again to Bedford .
His last public performance was conducting Elgar 's ballet The Sanguine Fan for London Festival Ballet at the Coliseum , in London on 24 June 1978 .
The marriage lasted until Boult 's death .
Robson Ponte -LRB- born 6 November 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Mesnil-Saint-P Ã re is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Bulgarian is similar to the Macedonian and the Serbian languages , which are from the same origin as the Bulgarian - Slavic .
Bulgarian -LRB- Ð Ñ Ð '' Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð , -LRB- Ë bÉ Ì lÉ arski É Ë zik -RRB- -RRB- is an Indo-European language spoken mainly in Bulgaria and parts of Macedonia , Serbia , Ukraine and Moldova .
Hideaki Tominaga -LRB- born 27 August 1976 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Blaublitz Akita .
Stamford is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
River Wey is a long river which runs through the conties of Hampshire , Surrey and West Sussex in England .
In 2001 there were 51,429 people living in Keighley .
Keighley is a town and civil parish in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England . In 2001 there were 51,429 people living in Keighley .
Keighley is a town and civil parish in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England .
Yoshinori Abe -LRB- born 10 September 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Jay is a town located in Franklin County , Maine .
4,985 people live there .
Madeleine McCann -LRB- born 13 May 2003 in Leicestershire , England -RRB- disappeared on the evening of Thursday , 3 May 2007 from a holiday apartment in Praia da Luz in the Algarve , Portugal .
Anctoville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Elin Maria Pernilla Nordegren Woods -LRB- born January 1 , 1980 -RRB- was a Swedish model and is now the Wife of Tiger Woods .
The medial collateral ligament -LRB- often known as the tibial collateral ligament , or abbreviated to MCL -RRB- is one of the four major ligaments of the knee .
Stockwell tube station is a London Underground station in Stockwell , in the London Borough of Lambeth .
Stockwell station is served by bus routes : 2 , 50 , 88 , 155 , 196 , 333 , 345 , P5 , N2 and N155 .
It is situated between Clapham North and Oval on the Northern Line , and between Vauxhall and Brixton on the Victoria Line .
It is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
It is also the only station on the Morden branch of the Northern line which has an interchange with another Underground line .
, ã ã ã ã ã ã -RRB- is a Railway station of JR West in Kita-ku , Osaka , Japan . This station is also connected to Umeda Station .
The company toured while the theater was closed during the Second World War .
Six years later the company was renamed English National Opera .
In 1968 Sadler 's Wells Opera moved from Sadler 's Wells Theatre to the London Coliseum .
At the end of the war it came back and was called Sadler 's Wells Opera Company , and the theater opened again with a performance of Benjamin Britten 's Peter Grimes . It was the first English opera since the time of Purcell to become internationally famous .
The dancers later separated from Vic-Wells and became the Royal Ballet .
English National Opera -LRB- ENO -RRB- is an opera company based in London , England . The opera house where it performs is called the London Coliseum .
The beginnings of the ENO go back to 1898 when Lilian Baylis gave a series of opera concerts at the Old Vic theater .
It is one of the two big opera companies in London . The other big one is the Royal Opera -LRB- ROH -RRB- , Covent Garden .
She added a small group of dancers to the company . The Sadler 's Wells Theatre opened , and the company were called Vic-Wells Opera Company .
Ninove is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
There is also a dust disc that orbits the star . The temperature of the disc is 156 K and it is about 3.4 AU from the star .
In 1996 , 70 Virginis was found to have an extrasolar planet in orbit around it .
70 Virginis is a yellow dwarf star that is around 58 light-years away from the Earth in the constellation Virgo .
Each class in Form 6 and 7 has about 30 students .
The classes are mixed when students go into Form 2 or Form 3 .
The school motto is : Faith , Hope , Love '' -LRB- ã ä ã æ ã æ ã -RRB- .
In the new wing , there are classrooms for higher forms classes , a new library , some special rooms and computer rooms .
The boys wear gray trousers and the girls wear gray dresses with white socks as winter uniform .
In Canada , there is a Pui Ying Christian Services Society Pui Ying Alumni Associations can be found all over the world , such as in the USA , Canada , New Zealand , Australia , England , South Africa , Japan , Peru , Singapore , Thailand , Guangzhou , Taishan , Jiangmen and Taiwan .
Every year there are about 100 school librarians .
Exchange students from Italy and Germany help the students learn English .
It helps the school setting new school rules and improves studentsâ lives .
Shatin Pui Ying College is a Christian secondary school . Its English name is simply said to be SPYC or PYC , and itâ s Chinese name is æ ç '' å è ä å .
The Student Union was set up in September 1995 and Parent-Teacher Association in 1996 .
From 2000 , students can wear PE uniform to school without changing at school .
The new wing building of the school has been finished since July 2005 .
1A and 1B are remedial classes whereas 1C to 1E perform better in exams .
The swimming gala is held every year with the Pui Ying Secondary School .
The school gives money to some students to take part in some inter-school competition and courses in some universities such as The University of Hong Kong , The Chinese University of Hong Kong and The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
It also provide some advanced computers and facilities including digital video cameras and viewers .
The school library was opened since September 1982 .
The school lets the students to join mainland and overseas cultural tours .
The father of the school is Rev Henry Noyes .
Reading Days are held by the school library for all students to read or to take part in activities related to reading .
There are about 40 students in each class from Form 1 to Form 5 .
There are many Chinese activities such as Creative Writing Class , Chinese Week , Prose Writing Class , Reading Club , Modern Poetry Writing Class , Verse-speaking Gathering , Story Writing Class , and Seminar on Reading , Seminar on Modern Poetry , Intra-school and Inter-school Chinese Debate Competitions and Report and Comment on Chinese Words of Wisdom .
Students can know more about the political , social and economic issues in Hong Kong and around the world .
Its election activity is held in November every year .
All of the Form 3 students can study as Form 4 in the school .
After the HKCEE , some students study in Form 6 .
The school library has over 20000 books available to students .
The schoolâ s HLMA team got an Honourable Mention in 2004 and a Special Commendation in 2006 .
The PE T-shirts have 3 different colors , namely black , blue and red , with respect to the studentsâ house .
The best student in HKCEE got 8As in 2004 .
There is a school song with Chinese lyrics .
In Form 4 and 5 , A and B are arts classes , C is commercial class , D and E are science classes , with the students and class teachers being together in the same class in both Form 4 and 5 .
There are 2 sports days every year .
In 1978 , someone built the 5th school which is Pui Ying College . Mr Wong Wai Wah was the Principal .
In 1996 , Principal Wong gave up working and the Vice Principal Ms Yau Oi Yuen started doing his work .
Every Form 1 student has to play at least 1 musical instrument .
In order to make it possible for all the Form 3 students to study as Form 4 in the school , the school changed the class structure .
It helps students plan for their future by giving them information about different study opportunities and the world of work .
Both boys and girls wear green ties when wearing winter uniform .
There are many activities such as Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
The class A is an art class and B is a science class .
Its melody is the same as the song O Christmas Tree and there are two paragraphs .
The school lets the students to join some extracurricular activities such as `` The Youth Summit '' , `` Dinner with Outstanding Citizens '' and `` Hong Kong International Model United Nations '' .
One of the most notable competitions is the Hang Lung Mathematics Award .
Later he built more schools in Taishan , Jiangmen and Hong Kong .
They work together to provide the up-to-date information for the use of IT in teaching and learning . It trains the teachers and maintaining computer hardware and software .
The sports days take places on the Yuen Wo Road Sports Ground .
There are 4 phases in this award .
The book borrowing system was changed from man power only into computer system in 2001 .
All boys in the school wear white shirts and green trousers , and all girls wear white dresses with green drawstrings as summer uniform .
There are Free Talks so that students can have better training in giving speeches .
There are some tutorial classes to improve junior students ' skills in both English and Chinese languages and also Mathematics .
The school has organised 3 musicals , The Comeback Kid , Soul for Sale and The Last Move .
The school invites some guest speakers to the school to give speeches .
There are many activities to teach students about the Christian principles , such as Gospel Week , Gospel Camp Evangelical Team , Evangelical Broadcast , Bible Study Groups and Christian Fellowship .
In 1879 , he built a school in Guangzhou , teaching Mathematics and Science .
The school has many English activities such as English Tutorial Class , English Drama Competition , Form 1 Bridging Programme , Lyrics-writing Course , English Immersion Speech Competition , Interviewing Tourists , English Phonetics Class , English Enhancement Course , Summer English Class , Overseas Immersion Course , Summer English Camp for senior form students , Summer English Day Camp for junior form students , Intra-school and Inter-school English Debate Competitions and English Musicals .
All Form 3 students have to choose their subjects after finishing their year .
The Student Union was established in November 1994 .
Most of the Form 7 students can study in the universities these years .
Students can get a Bronze Eagle Badge in Phase 1 , a Silver Eagle Badge in Phase 2 , a Gold Eagle Badge in Phase 3 and a cup in Phase 4 .
Students in the school take parts in many external competitions in many fields such as music , sports , debates , writings , mathematics and other academic competitions .
All Form 1 new students are Band 1 students .
It organises Reading Day every year .
Students have good results in public examinations .
Each Form forms a House , with its own chairman and committee members elected by the students in the own Form .
It takes place on the Hong Kong Island or Sha Tin District alternatively every two years .
There is also a school hymn with English lyrics .
The class names are combined with one number and one English character , such as â 7B â .
The students can take leadership-training courses and extracurricular activities , such as activities such as â Youth Leaders Auditorium 2005 â , â The 6th Basic Certificate Course for Student Leadersâ , â Outstanding Leadership Development Programmeâ and â Youth Think Tank Training Projectâ .
It organises activities such as blood donation days and ball game competitions .
Besides the various types of sports competitions , there are competitions among the cheering teams .
The school teaches the students other things to gain higher qualities of moral -LRB- å 3\/4 -RRB- , intelligent -LRB- æ -RRB- , physical -LRB- é `` '' -RRB- , social -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- , art -LRB- ç 3\/4 -RRB- and heart -LRB- é -RRB- .
The school gives the good students some awards , such as scholarships , Academic Awards , Flying Eagle Awards and Improvement Awards .
The forms from the same colors form some cheering teams during the sports days .
Each House has its own color such as black , blue or red , just like the studentsâ PE uniform .
The school has good relationship with Guangzhou Pui Ying , Xiguan Pui Ying , Jiangmen Pui Ying , Taishan Pui Ying and Pui Ying Secondary School .
The school icon is an eagle , which means courage and determination .
In the first year , the school worked on the campus of Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School at Lek Yuen Estate .
All Form 6 students in the school are from the Form 5 in the same school , except the exchange students from other countries .
When students have physical education lessons , they wear PE uniform .
From 2001 , the PE uniform has been changed into a new format that is gray and blue in color .
It is formed by a group of Christian teachers and Christ 's Harvest Church to organize some special activities , Morning Assembly and Fellowship .
There are three paragraphs in this school hymn .
Reading Time is designed to help students having a good reading habit .
The elite class system was deleted in September , 1996 .
They are divided into 40 clubs and activity groups .
The library system was changed to use computer since September 2001 .
In September 1979 , the school could move into Wo Che Estate .
The Photography Club and the Audio-Visual Group teaches students many skills , such as film editing , image recording , lighting , backdrop setting and sound engineering .
There are 5 classes each for Forms 1 to 5 , and 2 classes each for Forms 6 and 7 .
The location of it was moved to the new wing building of the school in 2005 .
The average passing percentage for the HKCEE and HKALE is higher than 90 % .
Students in the school can learn more about the Chinese culture from the activities such as Workshop on Chinese clipart , Chinese Tea Tao and Chinese Culture and General Studies Competition .
I 'm Breathless - Music from and Inspired by the film Dick Tracy is the second soundtrack album by American singer-songwriter Madonna , released on May 22 , 1990 , by Sire Records .
PerriÃ res is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The term `` anarchism '' derives from the Greek Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Î Î -LRB- `` without archons , '' which means `` without rulers '' , not `` without laws '' ; it is also occasionally translated as `` without government '' -RRB- .
Naohiko Minobe -LRB- born 12 July 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He manages for Tokushima Vortis .
During the match between Barrett and Orton , Orton won so Cena was forced to retire -LRB- Kayfabe -RRB- .
Also , Cena won the Royal Rumble in 2008 .
Cena has won the WWE Championship eight times , the World Heavyweight Championship twice , the WWE United States Championship three times and the World Tag Team Championship -LRB- WWE -RRB- twice .
He was rehired by Wade Barrett and defeated him at TLC : Tables , Ladders and Chairs Pay Per View .
Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Dutch East Indies , or Netherlands East Indies , was the Dutch colony that is now modern Indonesia .
It was made from the colonies of the Dutch East India Company that came under the control of the Netherlands in 1800 .
Dearborn County , Indiana , Dearborn , Michigan and Dearborn , Missouri were also named for him , as was Fort Dearborn in Chicago , Illinois .
His son , Henry A. S. Dearborn , was a Congressman in 1831-1833 .
Henry Dearborn -LRB- February 23 , 1751 â `` June 6 , 1829 -RRB- was an American physician , statesman and veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 .
He represented this district as a Democratic-Republican in the Third and Fourth Congresses -LRB- 1793-1797 -RRB- .
In 1801 , President Thomas Jefferson appointed him Secretary of War , a post he held for eight years until March 7 , 1809 .
Lewis and Clark , appointed by Thomas Jefferson , named the Dearborn River in west-central Montana after Dearborn in 1803 .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Morstead was drafted out of Southern Methodist University by the New Orleans Saints with the 164th pick in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft .
Pihem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Ian Ure is a former football player .
Some people with diabetes can take in insulin from outside their bodies instead of producing their own insulin .
' stands for ate able orting and is used to correctly sort and display dates in a sortable table -LRB- see Sorting -RRB- .
This template automatically creates the hidden for sorting purposes and then displays and wikilinks the date properly like this July 4 1776 , depending on the user 's Special : Preferences .
See also the examples .
Normally , for proper sorting dates must be entered in YYYY-MM-DD format .
But this does not conform to the Manual of Style for date display and wikilinking .
It was founded in 1995 and includes various content e-zine content , as well as bulletin boards .
The site was founded and is currently run by Mike Slocombe .
Urban75 -LRB- also sometimes referred to as u75 or urban -RRB- is a website and messageboard based in Brixton , England .
The Australian National University -LRB- ANU -RRB- in Canberra , Australia , is the only university set up by the Federal Government of Australia .
He devoted much of the rest of his life to the Kelmscott Press , which he founded in 1891 .
In 1861 , Morris founded a design firm in partnership with the artist Edward Burne-Jones , and the poet and artist Dante Gabriel Rossetti . This had a great impact on the decoration of churches and houses in the early 20th century .
In 1856 , he became an apprentice to Gothic revival architect G. E. Street .
Morris was an important person in the emergence of socialism in Great Britain . He founded the Socialist League in 1884 .
Morris was educated at Marlborough and Exeter College , Oxford .
That year he founded the Oxford and Cambridge Magazine .
Morris wrote and published poetry , fiction , and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life .
The 1896 Kelmscott edition of the Works of Geoffrey Chaucer is considered a masterpiece of book design .
Morris 's major contribution was as a designer of repeating patterns for wallpapers and textiles . This was mainly based on a close observation of nature .
His best-known works include The Defense of Guenevere and Other Poems -LRB- 1858 -RRB- , The Earthly Paradise -LRB- 1868 â `` 1870 -RRB- , A Dream of John Ball and the nothing .
He was also a major contributor to the resurgence of traditional textile arts and methods of production .
Mikael Tariverdiev was a recipient of multiple awards , including the USSR State Prize -LRB- 1977 -RRB- and the prize of the American Academy of Music -LRB- 1975 -RRB- .
The Best Music prize at the largest Russian national film festival Kinotaur is named after Tariverdiev .
He was made People 's Artist of Russia in 1986 .
The huge Baltoro Glacier , which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions , rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri .
It lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak -LRB- 7,665 m -RRB- .
Baltoro Kangri -LRB- or Golden Throne -RRB- is a mountain situated in the Karakoram mountain range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier .
Axel Hugo Theodor Theorel -LRB- 6 July 1903 â `` 15 August 1982 -RRB- was an Swedish scientist .
Sergio Echigo -LRB- born 28 July 1945 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
GÃ 1\/4 nther Herrmann -LRB- born 1 September , 1939 -RRB- is a former German football player . He has played for West Germany national team .
Kevin Forrest Cash -LRB- born December 6 , 1977 in Tampa , Florida -RRB- is a American baseball player .
Cash has formerly played for the Toronto Blue Jays from 2002-04 , the Tampa Bay Devil Rays , Boston Red Sox from 2007-08 where he won the World Series in 2007 , New York Yankees in 2009 , Houston Astros in 2010 and then was traded to the Red Sox again in 2010 by the Houston Astros for Ã ngel SÃ nchez .
It was originally developed by the Southern Pacific Railroad and was widely sold ; it is best known in the United Kingdom for its use by British Rail .
Total Operations Processing System , or TOPS , is a computer system for managing the locomotives and rolling stock -LRB- railroad cars -RRB- owned by a rail system .
This template was created to easily update any article with the ' . To use this template , insert the following code :
Eris has one moon called Dysnomia .
Many media reports have argued that Eris is the tenth planet , along with astronomers and NASA scientists .
Under the new specifications , Eris , along with Pluto , was lowered in status to a dwarf planet .
Eris is named after the goddess of strife , discord , contention and rivalry in Greek mythology .
Eris has one moon called Dysnomia . It was discovered on September 10 , 2005 .
Dysnomia was originally nicknamed Gabrielle , after a character from the television series Xena : Warrior Princess , like Eris .
However , like Eris , it could not be called this . Dysnomia was named after the daughter of Eris , in Greek mythology .
Beynost is a commune .
The moon was refound and confirmed to be the only object in its orbit during the Voyager 2 flyby in 1989 after which it received another designation S\/1989 N 2 on August 2 , 1989 .
It is named after Larissa , a lover of Poseidon -LRB- Neptune -RRB- in Greek mythology .
It was first found by Harold J. Reitsema , William B. Hubbard , Larry A. Lebofsky and David J. Tholen based on ground-based stellar occultation observations on May 24 , 1981 , and given the designation S\/1981 N 1 and said on 29 May , 1981 .
The projection maps Longitude and Latitude -LRB- vertical and horizontal map lines -RRB- to even straight lines .
The equirectangular projection -LRB- also called the geographic projection -RRB- is a simple map view made about 100 AD .
The 100 French departments are divided into 342 arrondissements . This means districts in English .
Most departments in France only have 3 or 4 arrondissements , but some may have more or less than this .
Freema Agyeman -LRB- born Frema Agyeman on 20 March 1979 -RRB- is a British actress that is of Ghanaian and Iranian descent . She is known by a lot of people for playing Martha Jones on the television series Doctor Who and also in its spin-off series Torchwood .
Adriano Pimenta -LRB- born 14 November 1982 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
He plays for Sport Recife .
because on position 4 is value A and Ahex = 10dec .
Position count is from left , with the first position = 0 -LRB- not 1 -RRB- .
This subtemplate of converts a single character of a hex string into its decimal equivalent .
This subtemplate is not meant to be called directly .
Vaghan had the nicknames `` Sassy '' and `` The Divine One '' , and she was a Grammy Award winner .
She had a contralto -LRB- alto -RRB- vocal range .
Sarah Lois Vaughan -LRB- March 27 , 1924 â `` April 3 , 1990 -RRB- was an American jazz singer . She was described by jazz writer Scott Yanow as having `` one of the most wondrous voices of the 20th century '' .
The National Endowment for the Arts gave her its `` highest honor in jazz , '' the NEA Jazz Masters Award , in 1989 .
The noun Anglican is used to describe the people , institutions and churches as well as the liturgical traditions and theological concepts developed by the state established Church of England and the Anglican Communion , a theologically broad and often divergent affiliation of thirty-eight provinces that are in communion with the Archbishop of Canterbury .
The term Anglican derives from a Medieval Latin phrase dating to at least 1246 - ecclesia anglicana - meaning ` the English Church ' .
Mikoyan is a Russian company that designs fighter airplanes . The company was first formed in December 1939 as a design office called Mikoyan-Gurevich or MiG , this was because its designers were Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich .
India is divided into twenty-eight states , six union territories and the National Capital Territory .
In ancient Egypt , when the Nile River overflowed its banks and washed out farm boundaries , the boundaries were recreated by surveyors using simple geometry .
These points are usually , but not always , associated with positions on the surface of the Earth . They are often used to make land maps and boundaries for ownership of land .
Surveying has existed throughout much of our history .
Surveying is the technique and science of accurately finding out the position of points and the distances and angles between them .
Surveying has been very important in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history -LRB- ca .
Its most common uses are in the fields of transport , building and construction , communications , mapping , and the making of legal boundaries for land ownership .
Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It has a Mohs hardness of 2.5 to 3 .
It is colorless to white .
Valentinite is a mineral . Its chemical formula is Sb2O3 .
Martina Hingis -LRB- born September 30 , 1980 in KoÅ ice , Slovakia , then Czechoslovakia -RRB- is a retired Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as World No. 1 .
She is also a dominant player in doubles , winning nine Grand Slam doubles titles .
Boehner served as chair of several important committees before becoming Minority Leader in 2006 . While minority leader , Boehner was one of the main people who were critical of President Obama .
He plays for Aston Villa .
Steve Sidwell -LRB- born 14 December 1982 -RRB- is an English football player .
language , affectionately known as `` wikipuke '' .
: : : -LRB- This essay is a draft to be expanded later . -RRB-
Well , perhaps the users and article editors might find the coding steps somewhat annoying , adding the '' '' bar , just to avoid producing quoteboxes .
Rather than maintaining some basic , core levels of simplicity , the multiple nerdisms start interfering with earlier peculiar features , and the result becomes conflicting nerdisms with almost unpredictable , expanding quirks .
Do n't design coding as quotebox .
The exact causes , behind each quirk , are perhaps too complex to explain in this essay .
Perhaps the world is seeing a rapid growth in the rise of `` nerdnology '' as typical notions of quality control have been abandoned , almost everywhere .
Instead , the quirks are not the work of college-dropout billionaires , but rather just a collection of misdirected changes .
So even an organization with $ billions of revenue can not seem to avoid utterly spastic , peculiar quirks in their webpages .
In the second use of `` Mytemplate '' , the value of param1 is only `` aaa '' because the vertical-bar -LRB- or pipe -RRB- '' '' stopped param1 from including the line-break newline .
Kids do n't do this .
Those preferences could be set to overcome some design flaws in the basic design of a system -LRB- such as a browser -RRB- , until the more normal settings are preset as the defaults in later software versions .
For example , in some mainsteam browsers :
, some really bizarre features are added , such as allowing wiki-templates to pass newlines at the end of parameter values , simply by indenting the next line , when calling a template .
Unfortunately , `` one man 's bizarreness is other man 's ordinary dork-otopia '' and some developers think that everyone should change their ways to adjust to the new stuff .
Even Google Inc. , with all the $ billions , has had some very unusual things happening in the official websites -LRB- for years -RRB- :
Overly often , peculiar ideas are treated as mainstream `` everyone-should-know-nerdisms '' which become some of the widespread quirks that appear , from day to day .
Ah so , oh-so-important quotebox he look like : Me is quotebox â `` I so cool , so important .
This essay , WP : Avoiding Wikipedia quirks , is intended to try to explain what is happening , hourly , to the Wikipedia system , and to suggest work-around solutions .
Wikipedia 's underlying software system , with the MediaWiki markup language , is constantly being changed to fix old problems and try to offer new , better features , but better for whom ?
Not all problems are caused by Wikipedia 's software configuration .
However , along with that stuff , there is a 2nd language as wikitable codes -LRB- in Table -RRB- , so that a table begins with '' '' which formerly were required in column 1 but can be indented now -LRB- at least sometimes , or maybe not whatever -RRB- .
Everything is changing , without warning , and lots of it is quirky .
The most normal language is the typical free-flowing text that allows triple-quote ` bold-font ' , along with the HTML tags , such as .
In the first use of `` Mytemplate '' , the value of param1 can be considered to be `` xxx '' because the coding was split , with param2 -LRB- value `` yyy '' -RRB- on the 2nd line .
Normally , bizarre features would be designed to require special coding to trigger those features , such as : if you want to pass newlines in parameter values , then specify them , explicitly , such as `` param = aa # nuline ; bb # nuline ; cc # nuline ; '' where the code '' # nuline ; '' or '' '' -LRB- or some other invented thing -RRB- is the feature to be requested .
No longer are major changes tested on a sample user-group , but instead , released untested to the entire world .
However , imagine the stress on the Wikipedia developers , having to ensure that any changes or enhancements , to the MediaWiki interfaces , must continue to work as before , generating the same demented , peculiar sets of quotebox indentations , everywhere they had popped up before .
By considering the design flaws , and the operational instability , it is possible to get a better understanding of the psychological pressures that people face when using Wikipedia .
In advanced software design , users would be allowed to set preferences for text-wrapping , cursor-movement , cursor-shape , etc. .
Many problems are actually from each user 's PC setup or browser , such as pressing F5 or -LRB- before edit-preview -RRB- and losing all edit-text -LRB- see below : Browser nightmares -RRB- .
There are hundreds of unusual , or unexpected quirks or glitches in the way things sort-of-do , sort-of-don ' t work .
The quirks are not merely planned obsolescence , similar to allowing computer viruses , which are known to kill user computers and cause people to buy new or fix-it software products -LRB- as the planned result -RRB- .
All of those problems are caused by quirky browser operation -LRB- not Wikipedia -RRB- , as the browser does not reflect the way that people actually think .
Me is quotebox â `` wiki would die without me .
Knowing the details , about specific quirks , can help avoid the stress or frustrations in the future .
On any given day , new problems might arise , or old problems get fixed , as the developers adjust the servers or hack the MediaWiki code to alter character-shift typesetting for the 200 + Wikipedia languages -LRB- see below : Why quirks occur -RRB- .
Even the most level-headed , otherwise-normal software developers will become overwhelmed by the pre-exising nerdisms , so that even simple changes can introduce new quirks , and hence , no single group of people can be blamed for the combined , bizarre outcomes .
Many problems that users think are caused by Wikipedia are actually caused by limited Web browsers .
Well , as can be expected with multiple personality disorder -LRB- MPD -RRB- , the 3 languages fight for power : when HTML code is formatted with typical indentation , the me-is-quotebox personality , at times , hijacks the page , and you get hypertext-markup-laughter displayed in a box that looks like -LRB- ... wait for it ... -RRB- a QuoteBox !
Also , Wikipedia is not alone in having website quirks , even Google has had them -LRB- see section below : `` Google quirks '' -RRB- .
Wikipedia is not alone in having many website quirks .
Then there is the 3rd language : the `` infamous '' if-you-indent , you get `` quotebox '' yes the all-important quotebox , which in computer-typesetting typically requires only 2 markers ; instead , just indent and the whole section turns into quotebox â `` quotebox â `` quotebox .
Many changes are made to support the unusual typesetting needs of rare written languages that use split-character placement of text or other unusual options not seen in English or other European languages .
Complicating the complications is the reality that , eventually , several multiple nerdisms are implemented .
The MediaWiki markup language is a peculiar twisto-mash of 3 computer languages .
Far surpassing `` creeping featurism '' the total system becomes `` featured creepyism '' .
The above text , with the multi-line footnote shows use of 4 HTML comment lines '' '' to simulate indenting by putting each text segment on a separate line .
Sometimes -LRB- or often ? -RRB-
Me is quotebox â `` I exist here 8 years plus forever .
When the template begins to process `` xxx '' then the newline might be seen as an indentation , within the template , so the template would start considering all subsequent lines to be part of the oh-so-important quotebox , generated now in the middle of the template procedural coding .
So , anyway , put all 3 schidzo languages , blended together , and you get MediaWiki markup -LRB- or markdown ? -RRB-
However , some general principles can explain how the problems have arisen , over the years .
The English Wikipedia is impacted because all 200 + languages share some common software , and that software gets changed for everyone .
In total , 31 people were killed . This included fourteen British people , fourteen Irish civilians and three republican prisoners .
Bloody Sunday was a day of violence in Dublin , Ireland on November 21 , 1920 . It happened during the Irish War of Independence .
Becquigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The government of the county is in Ulm , even though Ulm is not a part of the districztIt is the administrative seat of the Alb-Donau district , although it is not part of the district .
North of the Danube banks the hills of the Swabian Alb rise .
The hill chain extends from southwest to northeast parallel to the course of the Danube River and is continued on either side of the district .
The Danube enters the district in the southwest , runs through the southern parts of the district and leaves eastwards to Ulm .
The history of the region is linked with the history of Ulm and the Swabian Alb .
The district is named after the Danube River -LRB- German Donau -RRB- and the Swabian Alb -LRB- SchwÃ bische Alb -RRB- mountains .
The city of Ulm is surrounded by the district .
The district of Alb-Donau was established in 1973 by joining the former districts of Ulm and Ehingen .
An affluent of the Danube , the Iller River , forms the southeastern border of the Alb-Donau district , before it meets the Danube in Ulm .
Nitroglycerin , also known as nitroglycerine -LRB- UK spelling -RRB- , trinitroglycerin , trinitroglycerine , 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane and glyceryl trinitrate , is a heavy , colorless , oily , explosive liquid obtained by nitrating glycerol .
It dealt only with the supply and maintenance of weaponry , munitions and other military equipment until 1965 , when it took over most other supply functions , as well as the provision of staff clerks , from the Royal Army Service Corps .
The Royal Army Ordnance Corps was a corps of the British Army .
Tierpark Hagenbeck -LRB- translated as Animal park Hagenbeck -RRB- is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg , Germany .
The park was founded by Carl Hagenbeck in 1907 .
Granite City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Weddings Parties Anything -LRB- sometimes called WPA and Weddoes -RRB- were an Australian folk rock band . They started in 1984 in Melbourne , Victoria .
They took their name from The Clash song `` Revolution Rock '' . Music expert Billy Pinnell said their first album Scorn of the Women was the best first Australian rock album since Skyhooks ' album Living in the '70s .
Oswaldtwistle is a town in Lancashire county near Accrington in North West England .
Breasta is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
This university was founded by Enrique Molina Garmendia in 1919 .
The University of ConcepciÃ n is a university located in ConcepciÃ n , Chile .
Thrust is a reaction force described by Newton 's Second and Third Law .
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Adelaide , the capital city of South Australia .
Heights are measured to the structural height , which includes spires , but not communications spires or antennas .
It was created by Macromedia . Macromedia is now owned by Adobe Systems .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
Soldotna is a city in Alaska .
Morpheus and Trinity leave the Matrix .
Before Neo can leave the Matrix , Agent Smith arrives .
Neo is becoming the One .
It was written and directed by the Wachowski Brothers . The main actors in the movie are Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie-Anne Moss , and Hugo Weaving .
The Matrix 's soundtrack -LRB- band music for a movie -RRB- includes music from bands such as Rammstein , Rob Dougan , Rage Against the Machine , Propellerheads , Massive Attack , The Prodigy , Rob Zombie , and Marilyn Manson .
Neo and Trinity shoot hundreds of Matrix soldiers . Neo and Trinity arrive on the roof .
She tells Neo , â The Oracle told me . The man I love is the One .
Now , Neo is the One .
The Matrix was followed by two sequels , The Matrix Reloaded -LRB- May 2003 -RRB- and The Matrix Revolutions -LRB- November 2003 -RRB- .
Agent Smith wants to kill Neo before Neo becomes the One .
Morpheus gives Neo a choice .
Jane Means Appleton Pierce -LRB- March 12 1806 - December 2 1863 -RRB- was the wife of Franklin Pierce , President of the United States . She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1853 to 1857 .
The full explanation of the tengwar was published in 1955 in Appendix E of The Lord of the Rings .
The tengwar were probably developed in the late 1920s or in the early 1930s .
Tolkien used the tengwar to write texts for his fictional world Middle-earth and other things .
In some modes the tengwar are used for vowels and consonants ; and in other modes the tengwar are only used for the consonants , and the vowels are marked by signs above or below the tengwa . These vowel signs are called tehtar -LRB- `` signs '' ; singular : tehta , `` sign '' -RRB- .
But Tolkien used the tengwar mostly for writing English .
The first published sample of tengwar writing was 1937 in The Hobbit , to so-called The Lonely Mountain Jar Inscription .
In the late 1910s , J. R. R. Tolkien developed the script Sarati , which was already a bit similar to tengwar . The tengwar were probably developed in the late 1920s or in the early 1930s .
The tengwar are used to write some of Tolkien 's constructed languages , like for example the elven languages Quenya and Sindarin .
In the Quenya language , tengwar means `` letters '' , tengwa is the singular and means `` letter '' .
Inverurie is a Royal Burgh in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , approximately 16 miles north west of Aberdeen on the A96 road and lies on the Northern Express Railway Route from Aberdeen to Inverness .
The nearest airport is Aberdeen International Airport at Dyce .
Inverurie Loco Works F.C. , playing their matches at Harlaw Park , are the local Highland League football team and Aberdeen F.C. is the nearest Scottish Premier League team .
Rugby Union is played by the Garioch Rugby Football Club .
Peter Ahlwardts -LRB- `` Reasonable and Theological Considerations about Thunder and Lightning '' , 1745 -RRB- said people who sought to protect themselves from lightning should go anywhere except in or around a church .
Early on , Christian churches tried to prevent the damage of lightning by prayers .
A lightning rod or lightning conductor is a metal rod that is used to make lightning strike it , rather than strike something else .
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method thought to prevent lightning strikes to ships .
The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin 's original theory of operation ; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself . This makes the air conductive , which in turn raises the probability of a strike .
Many years after receiving his patent , in 1919 Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter entitled `` Famous Scientific Illusions '' , in which he explains the logic of Franklin 's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus .
Glass objects do not conduct electricity well . They are seldom struck by lightning .
The church tower was usually the highest structure or building in medieval European towns and villages . It was also the building very often hit by lightning .
In the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of American ingenuity and a decorative motif .
Lightning rods were often embellished with ornamental glass balls -LRB- now prized by collectors -RRB- .
The ornamental appeal of these glass balls has also been incorporated into weather vanes .
In the United States , the pointed lightning rod conductor , often incorrectly referred to as the `` lightning attractor , '' was invented by Benjamin Franklin as part of his groundbreaking explorations of electricity .
Lightning can damage structures made of most materials -LRB- masonry , wood , concrete and even steel -RRB- . The huge currents involved can heat materials , and especially water to high temperatures .
Franklin thought that , with an iron rod sharpened to a point at the end ,
The random behavior of lightning ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin 's initial work .
It is part of a lightning protection system .
Franklin speculated about lightning rods for several years before his reported kite experiment .
Nikola Tesla 's was an improvement in lightning protectors .
Priests prayed , `` temper the destruction of hail and cyclones and the force of tempests and lightning ; check hostile thunders and great winds ; and cast down the spirits of storms and the powers of the air . ''
Hence the best method for preventing a lightning strike to a wooden ship was to bury a small solid glass ball in the tip of the highest mast .
`` The electrical fire would , I think , be drawn out of a cloud silently , before it could come near enough to strike -LRB- ... -RRB- . ''
This experiment , in fact , took place because he was tired of waiting for Christ Church in Philadelphia to be completed so he could place a lightning rod on top of it .
Therefore , goes the theory , there must be something about glass that repels lightning .
Hermelinghen is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Dawson 1978 -RRB-
`` Owen : the most distinguished vertebrate zoologist and palaeontologist ... but a most deceitful and odious man . ''
A fine example was his decision to classify man in a separate sub-class of the Mammalia -LRB- see Thomas Henry Huxley -RRB- .
`` At the root was Owenâ s feeling that Kew should be subordinate to the British Museum -LRB- and to Owen -RRB- and should not be allowed to develop as an independent scientific institution with the advantage of a great botanic garden . ''
In the second part of his career his reputation slipped .
Also , his unwillingness to come off the fence concerning evolution became increasingly damaging to his reputation as time went on .
`` It is painful to be hated in the intense degree with which Owen hates me '' .
Owen is probably best remembered today for coining the word Dinosauria -LRB- meaning ` Terrible Reptile ' -RRB- , and for his outspoken opposition to Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection .
Owen , in Darwin 's opinion , was `` Spiteful , extremely malignant , clever ; the Londoners say he is mad with envy because my book is so talked about '' .
This was not the first or last time Owen would deliberately claim a discovery as his own , when in fact it was not .
In the first part of his career Owen was regarded rightly as one of the great scientific figures of the age .
In this Owen had no supporters at all .
Owen credited himself and Georges Cuvier with the discovery of the Iguanodon , completely excluding any credit for the original discoverer of the dinosaur , Gideon Mantell .
Owen was finally dismissed from the Royal Society 's Zoological Council for plagiarism .
This was not solely due to his underhanded dealings with colleagues ; it was also due to the serious errors of scientific judgement which were discovered and publicized .
Sir Richard Owen KCB -LRB- Lancaster , 20 July 1804 -- 18 December 1892 -RRB- was an English biologist , comparative anatomist and palaeontologist .
Owen was highly critical of Darwin 's On the Origin of Species , in part because Darwin did not refer much to the previous scientific theories of evolution . Instead , Darwin compared the theory of evolution by natural selection with the unscientific theory in the Bible .
Richard Broke Freeman -LRB- Charles Darwin : a Companion .
Riva San Vitale is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Mark Stent was praised for his production on the song , creating a `` trippy '' feel like that found on Beatles songs such as `` Rain '' .
It became the second single to be released from the album Standing on the Shoulder of Giants . The song reached number 4 on the UK singles charts .
`` Who Feels Love ? ''
The album was noted for its psychedelic feel , and `` Who Feels Love ? ''
is a song by the rock band Oasis . It was written by the band 's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher .
With the psychedelic and Eastern sound , the song also reminds of George Harrison achievements like `` Within You Without You '' and also some of his solo work .
However , despite the high-quality production , the song was not well received by the critics , NME said that the production `` triumphs over any real sort of feeling ... pure mock Maharishi spirituality that not even Liam can salvage from the realm of self-parody '' .
The single was a success , but it failed to achieve a Silver or better certification in the UK . The previous 11 British Oasis singles had reached this level of certification .
The video was filmed in Death Valley , California .
One of the B-sides is a cover of The Beatles ' `` Helter Skelter '' .
It was played live during the Shoulders tour of 2000 .
A hexagon is a polygon with 6 sides and 6 corners -LRB- vertices -RRB- .
Like regular triangles and squares , hexagons fit together without gaps , which are known as tesselations .
The Kohlu District is an administrative division in the Balochistan province in Pakistan .
Speculation includes the buying , holding , selling , and short-selling of stocks , bonds , commodities , currencies , collectibles , real estate , derivatives or any valuable financial instrument .
It has more than six million things on display and over 40 galleries . It has notable collections of dinosaurs , Near Eastern and African art , East Asian art , European history , and Canadian history .
The Royal Ontario Museum or ROM , is a major museum for culture and natural history in the city of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
He was elected an Ohio state senator in 1859 , serving until 1861 .
From 1851 to 1854 , he attended the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute -LRB- later named Hiram College -RRB- in Hiram , Ohio .
He then transferred to Williams College in Williamstown , Massachusetts , where he was a brother of Delta Upsilon .
He graduated in 1856 as an outstanding student who enjoyed all subjects except chemistry .
One son , James Rudolph Garfield , followed him into politics and became Secretary of the Interior under President Theodore Roosevelt .
He was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1860 .
On November 11 , 1858 , he married Lucretia Rudolph .
They had seven children -LRB- five sons and two daughters -RRB- : Eliza A. Garfield -LRB- 1860-63 -RRB- ; Harry A. Garfield -LRB- 1863-1942 -RRB- ; James R. Garfield -LRB- 1865-1950 -RRB- ; Mary Garfield -LRB- 1867-1947 -RRB- ; Irvin M. Garfield -LRB- 1870-1951 -RRB- ; Abram Garfield -LRB- 1872-1958 -RRB- ; and Edward Garfield -LRB- 1874-76 -RRB- . One son , James Rudolph Garfield , followed him into politics and became Secretary of the Interior under President Theodore Roosevelt .
They had seven children -LRB- five sons and two daughters -RRB- : Eliza A. Garfield -LRB- 1860-63 -RRB- ; Harry A. Garfield -LRB- 1863-1942 -RRB- ; James R. Garfield -LRB- 1865-1950 -RRB- ; Mary Garfield -LRB- 1867-1947 -RRB- ; Irvin M. Garfield -LRB- 1870-1951 -RRB- ; Abram Garfield -LRB- 1872-1958 -RRB- ; and Edward Garfield -LRB- 1874-76 -RRB- .
President Garfield was in office from March to September of 1881 .
James Abram Garfield -LRB- November 19 1831 - September 19 1881 -RRB- was the 20th -LRB- 1881 -RRB- President of the United States and the 2nd President to be assassinated -LRB- killed while in office -RRB- .
Air New Zealand Flight 901 was a scheduled passenger flight that crashed into Mount Erebus on November 28 , 1979 . It was a sightseeing flight to Antarctica that should have flown from Auckland , New Zealand , and back .
Greenwalt is best known as a writer on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and co-creator of its spinoff , Angel .
He really helped us focus and get started '' .
He later had to leave the show before it was first aired for health reasons . Executive producer Joel Silver said that his name would remain : `` He worked really hard on the arc of the series .
He is also co-creator of the short lived television series Profit .
On June 1 , 2007 , The Hollywood Reporter announced that Greenwalt would serve as executive producer and showrunner on Moonlight , a new series that will debut on CBS in the fall of 2007 .
David Greenwalt -LRB- born October 16 , 1949 -RRB- is an American screenwriter .
KutnÃ Hora is a town in the Czech Republic .
In 1995 , the city center became a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
This category is for articles related to the Metroid series of video games .
Ford bought the team in June 1999 and was to be renamed to Jaguar Racing to promote their Jaguar brand .
It comes from Stewart Grand Prix .
Jaguar Racing was a Formula One team which raced from 2000 to 2004 .
2023 -LRB- MMXXIII -RRB- will be a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
Ambleny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Donkey Kong is a Nintendo video game character .
This is about the character . For other things , see Donkey Kong -LRB- disambiguation -RRB-
For other things , see Donkey Kong -LRB- disambiguation -RRB-
The Kingdom of Great Britain was followed by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1801 when the Kingdom of Ireland became part of the United Kingdom by the Act of Union 1800 after the suppression of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .
A new single parliament and government , based in Westminster in London , controlled the new kingdom .
It was created by the merger of the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England , under the Acts of Union 1707 , to create a single kingdom that included the whole of the island of Great Britain .
The two separate kingdoms of Scotland and England had shared the same monarch since James VI , King of Scots , became King of England in 1603 following the death of Queen Elizabeth I.
The Kingdom of Great Britain , also known as the United Kingdom of Great Britain , was a state in Western Europe , in existence from 1707 to 1800 .
Emerson Orlando de Melo -LRB- born 2 March 1973 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Edmilson Carlos Abel -LRB- born 23 February 1974 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
He plays for Linense .
At a show at Festival Hall in Melbourne , Australia , McIlrath stated the song was written about a good friend of the band who helped them whilst they were lesser known .
The lyrics are happy and speak of happiness with a less-than-perfect life , although they maintain the band 's characteristic themes of self-analysis and hope .
`` Swing Life Away '' is a song by hardcore punk band Rise Against . It came off of their 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
It was first written by Tim McIlrath and Neil Hennessy , the song is distinguish mostly from Rise Against 's catalog because it is performed and recorded acoustically .
Olivier Dacourt -LRB- born 25 September 1974 -RRB- is a former French football player .
Danainae is a subfamily of butterflies . It belongs in the family Nymphalidae .
The Treaty of Berlin -LRB- 1921 -RRB- was between the United States and Germany .
Sir Ian Holm CBE -LRB- born 12 September , 1931 , in Goodmayes , Essex , as Ian Holm Cuthbert -RRB- , is an English actor .
The people of Nagar have their literacy rate more than 90 % in men . While women have about 59 % .
The climate of Nagar remains pleasant from mid-April to the end of September .
The British gained control of Nagar during a battle at place of Nilt -LRB- Jangir-e-Laye -RRB- between 1889 and 1892 .
Although never ruled directly by neighbouring Kashmir or the British , Nagar and Hunza were a vassal of Kashmir from the time of Maharaja Ranbir Singh of Jammu and Kashmir .
The Mirs of both sent an annual tribute to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947 , and along with the ruler of Hunza , was considered to be among the most loyal vassals of the Maharaja of Kashmir .
The Tham -LRB- Chief -RRB- of that time , Azur Khan , was sent in exile to Kashmir .
After the change in Pakistani Central Government to a democracy on 25 September 1974 Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto dissolved the Princely States of Nagar as well as Hunza and set the prisoners free and gave democratic representation to the Northern Areas Council , now the Northern Areas Legislative Council
The state is bordered by the Gilgit Agency to the southwest , China to the north and northeast and Afghanistan to the northwest .
The maximum temperature in summer during the day is 13 Â C. The weather becomes very cold during the winter , mainly from October to end of March .
The Nagar valley is situated at an elevation of 2,438 m -LRB- 7,999 feet -RRB- .
Gulmet is the popular tourist attraction in Nagar because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi at 7,788 m -LRB- 25,561 -RRB- , and Diran .
Nagarkutch fought bravely but was defeated due to lack of weapons .
But after the reign of the Miyor Khan his sons divided Buroshall into Nagar and Hunza and declared the river as the border : Muglot became the king of Nagar and Kirkis became the king of Hunza .
Nagar was famous for its polo team .
The minimum temperature can be -14 Â C.
Nagar Khas is the main town and the capital of the former state of Nagar .
The religion of the Nagar Valley is Islam with 100 % Shia Isna Ashree .
Until 1972 it was the unbeatable team of the northern areas .
The state capital was the town of Nagar Khas -LRB- also known as Uyum Nagar , which means `` The Mighty Nagar Empire '' -RRB- .
Nagar Valley -LRB- Urdu .
The whole area of Nagar is declared as a community park to prevent the hunting of many endangered animals such as Marco Polo sheep , brown bears , show tigers etc. .
Ù Ú Ø -RRB- is a valley near Gilgit Valley in the northern areas of Pakistan .
Hunza was previously under the domination of Nagar and collectively called Buroshall and their capital was Capal Dongs .
The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years , which came to an end in 1974 .
It is the only team from the northern areas who played the polo match in New Delhi on the arrival of the George VI of England and won the trophy there .
The Spantik peak -LRB- Golden peak -RRB- can easily be seen from here .
Palmer is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Fontaine-Couverte is a commune of 388 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Lange was born April 20 , 1949 in Minnesota .
He was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jimmu .
The tale of Ninigi no Mikoto being sent to earth is told in the Nihon Shoki .
Amaterasu sent him to bring peace to Japan by bringing the three gifts from Heaven used by the emperor .
These three gifts mean to the world that the emperor is the descendant of Amaterasu herself .
Ninigi no Mikoto -LRB- ç `` ç `` æ å -RRB- is in Japanese mythology the son of Ame no Oshihomimi no Mikoto , and grandson of Amaterasu , who sent him down to earth to plant rice there .
The sword , Kusanagi , the mirror , Yata no kagami , and the jewel , Yasakani no magatama .
He helped the country win its independence from the Netherlands . He was President from 1945 to 1967 , presiding with mixed success over the country 's turbulent transition to independence .
Indonesians also remember him as Bung Karno or Pak Karno .
The spelling `` Sukarno '' has been official in Indonesia since 1947 . The older spelling Soekarno is still frequently used , mainly because he signed his signature in the old spelling .
Official Indonesian presidential decrees from the period 1947-1968 , however , printed his name using the 1947 spelling .
Like many Javanese people , he had one name ; in religious contexts , he was occasionally referred to as ` Achmad Sukarno ' .
The British Rail Class 13 was formed in 1965 . The Tinsley Marshalling Yard needed more powerful shunters to move vehicles around .
Both units were ballasted to improve traction .
This was provided by permanently coupling together two Class 08 shunters as a â master and slaveâ -LRB- or â cow and calfâ -RRB- unit . The second of the two units had its cab taken off .
Major derives from Latin maior , which means greater .
Monceau-l Ã s-Leups is a commune .
George Cleveland was an Canadian actor . He was born on September 17 , 1885 in Sydney , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Yeovil Town F.C. is a football club which plays in England .
BonnÅ `` il is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
All were withdrawn from service by 1989 .
They were the successors to the Class 44 locomotives .
When initially put into service the locomotives were fitted with multi-unit working and steam heating boilers for passenger service .
In the early 1970s fifty were fitted with electric train supply in place of their steam heating boilers , and assigned to work services on the Midland Main Line from London St Pancras to Nottingham , Derby and Sheffield .
The British Rail Class 45 also known as the Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Rail at their Derby and Crewe Works between 1960 and 1962 .
He was the younger brother of Manchester United legend Jack Rowley .
He was shortlisted for inclusion into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2008 .
He holds the record for the most career goals in The Football League , 434 from 619 games .
George Arthur Rowley , -LRB- 21 April 1926 â `` 19 December 2002 -RRB- was an English football striker .
DobreÅ ti is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
A bong or a water pipe is a special pipe . When a person smokes with a bong , they pull the smoke through the water in it .
Glanville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Glanville is a commune .
The Pittsburgh Pirates are a professional Major League Baseball team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Pirates are also often called the Bucs or the Buccos . This is because the word `` buccaneer '' is slang for pirate .
They play in the Central Division of the National League .
The Pirates play their home games at PNC Park in Pittsburgh .
Meadowbrook Farm is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Roullours is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Women have been allotted a minimum of 33 % seats in these councils ; there is no upper limit to the number of women in these councils .
The provinces of Pakistan are divided into a total of 105 Zillahs -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ù Ø -RRB- -LRB- districts -RRB- .
Tehsils may contain villages or towns and cities .
Since 2001 , these have been led by democratically elected local councils , each headed by a Nazim -LRB- the word means `` supervisor '' in Urdu , but is sometimes translated as mayor -RRB- .
There are over five thousand local governments in Pakistan .
In recreational canoeing , overland paths where canoes must be carried are measured in rods .
A rod , a perch or a pole is a unit of length in the imperial and US systems .
Brian Thomas Burke -LRB- born 25 February 1947 -RRB- was the 23rd Premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 to 25 February 1988 . He was from the Labor Party .
It is sometimes known in Greece as the blue-white , in Greek Î `` Î Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Ï Î '' Î Ï
In 1978 , the ensign was chosen as the sole national flag , and it is now used by everyone on land and sea as the flag of Greece .
Î Î 1\/2 Ï Î '' Î Ï
Î Î -LRB- GalanÃ lefki -RRB- or Î Ï
It is sometimes known in Greece as the blue-white , in Greek Î `` Î Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Ï Î '' Î Ï Î Î -LRB- GalanÃ lefki -RRB- or Î Ï
Kazuyoshi Mikami -LRB- born 29 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Commerce is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Cities in Brazil .
ADOM -LRB- Ancient Domains of Mystery -RRB- is a computer game . More specifically , it 's a Roguelike .
Alexander Rae `` Alec '' Baldwin III -LRB- born April 3 , 1958 -RRB- is an American actor , the oldest and probably the most well-known of the Baldwin brothers , a family who has been important in film and television .
The Chicago blues is a form of blues music that developed in Chicago , Illinois by adding electrically amplified guitar , drums , piano , bass guitar and sometimes saxophone to Delta blues .
Needville is a city in Fort Bend County , Texas , United States .
Haijima Station -LRB- æ å é , ã ã ã ã 3\/4 ã ã -RRB- is a Railway station of East Japan Railway Company -LRB- JR East -RRB- and Seibu Railway in the city of Akishima , Tokyo , Japan .
Solitary confinement is a punishment or special form of imprisonment . A prisoner is not allowed contact with anyone , except the prison staff .
In the US Federal Prison system , solitary confinement is known as the Special Housing Unit -LRB- SHU -RRB- , .
In American English it also called the ` hole ' , ` lockdown ' , the ` SHU ' -LRB- pronounced ` shoe ' -RRB- or the ` pound ' . In British English people say ` block ' or ` the cooler ' .
In other states , it is known as the Special Management Unit -LRB- SMU -RRB- , pronounced \/ Ë smuË \/ .
California 's prison system also uses the abbreviation SHU , but it stands for Security Housing Units .
This form of solitary confinement is sometimes called protective custody .
Finally , it may be used for prisoners who are at high risk of being attacked by other inmates , such as pedophiles , celebrities , or witnesses who are in prison themselves .
Opponents of solitary confinement claim that it is cruel and unusual punishment and torture Taking away human contact , and the sensory input is usually part of solitary confinement and can have a powerful negative effect on a prisoner 's mind . This may lead to mental illnesses such as depression and even death .
Interstate 83 is an Interstate Highway in the United States .
While still technically married , Marguerite Louise had several affairs .
She was a daughter of Gaston de France , Duke of OrlÃ ans .
Two more children followed : Anna Maria Luisa , Electress Palatine , and Gian Gastone , the last Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany .
Marguerite Louise reconciled with the Medici on more than one occasion , however , only to promptly resume hostilities .
Having become Grand Duke of Tuscany upon his father 's death , in 1670 , Cosimo III , under the sway of his mother , Vittoria della Rovere , refused to grant Marguerite Louise entry to the Privy Council . Thus without political influence , Marguerite Louise sorted the education of her eldest son , Grand Prince Ferdinando .
Although the contract , banned her from leaving the convent , Marguerite Louise often went to her cousin Louis XIV 's court at Versailles .
She was at the center of many scandals at the convent , including an attempt to burn it down , which greatly irritated her husband , who , despite the separation , took great interest in Marguerite Louise 's life .
Thus without political influence , Marguerite Louise sorted the education of her eldest son , Grand Prince Ferdinando .
Deprived of her lover , Charles V of Lorraine , Marguerite Louise despised her husband and his family , whom she often quarrelled with and falsely suspected of attempting to poison her .
Having become Grand Duke of Tuscany upon his father 's death , in 1670 , Cosimo III , under the sway of his mother , Vittoria della Rovere , refused to grant Marguerite Louise entry to the Privy Council .
Marguerite Louise d'Orl Ã ans -LRB- 28 July 1645 â `` 17 September 1721 -RRB- was Grand Duchess of Tuscany , as the wife of Grand Duke Cosimo III de ' Medici .
Rhea Silvia is the mother of the twin brothers Romulus and Remus in Roman mythology . She was the daughter of Numitor Silvius , king of Alba Longa .
Louis Vincent Albano -LRB- born July 29 , 1933 - died October 14 , 2009 -RRB- was a very famous American professional wrestler in the 1980s .
Although Bidar originally described the specimen as a separate species called Compsognathus corallestris , Michard and others have since relabeled it as another example of Compsognathus longipes .
The larger French specimen -LRB- MNHN CNJ 79 -RRB- was discovered in 1972 in the Portland limestone , near Nice in southeastern France .
Schleusingen is a town in the district of Hildburghausen , in Thuringia , Germany .
It is situated 10 km north of Hildburghausen , and 12 km southeast of Suhl .
The name has the same origin as the Flemish city of Brugge .
Bryggen -LRB- Norwegian for the Wharf -RRB- , also known as Tyskebryggen -LRB- the German Wharf -RRB- , is a series of Hanseatic commercial buildings found on the eastern side of the fjord coming into Bergen , Norway .
Bryggen is on the UNESCO list for World Cultural Heritage sites .
Giampiero Marini -LRB- born 25 February , 1951 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
The word cardiomyopathy means `` heart muscle disease '' . Cardiomyopathies are a group of diseases in which the function of the myocardium -LRB- heart muscle -RRB- is impaired for any reason .
People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and\/or sudden cardiac death .
Bethel is a city in Alaska .
The left atrium and ventricle send the blood out to the body . The left ventricle works six times harder than the right ventricle because it carries oxygenated blood .
The middle layer is the myocardium . This is the heart muscle .
The outer covering is the pericardium .
The inner layer is the endocardium .
Blood from the lungs goes to the left atrium and ventricle .
In humans , the four chambers are two atria and two ventricles .
The heart has three layers .
Sargodha Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan , the tehsil is subdivided into 62 Union Councils - 22 of which form the city of Sargodha .
Hideaki Ueno -LRB- born 31 May 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tokushima Vortis .
Jugazan is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
He won Junos as `` top folk singer '' in 1965 , 1966 , 1968 , 1969 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 and 1977 . He won a Juno as `` top male vocalist '' in 1967 , 1970 , 1971 , 1972 and 1973 And he won in 1972 and 1976 for being `` composer of the year . ''
He received ASCAP awards for songwriting in 1971 , 1974 , 1976 and 1977 . And he has been nominated for five Grammy Awards .
In 1980 Gordon Lightfoot was named `` Canadian Male Recording Artist of the Decade '' for his music of the 1970s .
Robbie Robertson of the Canadian music group called The Band said Gordon Lightfoot was his `` favorite Canadian songwriters . ''
Like Robertson , Bob Dylan called Lightfoot one of his favorite songwriters .
Gordon Lightfoot 's music career has lasted almost fifty years and he has recorded more than 200 songs .
Gordon Lightfoot was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1986 and he was added to Canada 's Walk of Fame in 1998 .
He was inducted into the Canadian Country Music Hall Of Fame in 2001 .
Curio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Octal is similar to hexadecimal because they are both easily converted to binary .
Octal is similar to hexadecimal because they are both easily converted to binary . Where Octal is equal to three digit binary , hexadecimal is equal to four digit binary .
The octal numeral system is a base 8 numeral system . It uses the numerals 0 through 7 .
The grouping of the binary digits is done from right to left .
They toured throughout the United States , Europe , and Asia , and performed at the Lucerne Festival in Switzerland , the BBC Proms in London , in Cologne for a festival of Salonen 's own compositions , and in 1996 at the ThÃ Ã cents tre du ChÃ cents telet in Paris for a Stravinsky festival conducted by Salonen and Pierre Boulez .
Esa-Pekka Salonen -LRB- born 30 June 1958 -RRB- is a Finnish conductor and composer .
Salonen married Jane Price who used to play with the Philharmonia Orchestra . They have three children .
He is conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Philharmonia Orchestra in London .
Salonen was principal conductor of the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra from 1984-1995 .
Salonen was born in Helsinki , Finland . He studied at the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki , learning the French horn , composition and conducting .
He started conducting in 1979 with the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra , mainly in order to conduct his own compositions .
Later he studied composition with several composers including Einojuhani Rautavaara .
In 1992 he took the orchestra to the Salzburg Festival where they gave concert performances and well as playing in the opera house for the opera Saint-Fran Ã ois d'Assise by Olivier Messiaen .
Osamu Taninaka -LRB- born 24 September 1964 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Trade unions are close to trade guilds in Medieval times .
However , in the Dvaita school of Vaishnavism , the philosopher Madhvacharya believed in a similar concept .
In Hinduism , which consists of four schools , predestination does not play an important role , as most followers believe in karma , associated with free will .
Fukushima is a city in northern Japan . It is the capital of Fukushima prefecture .
The city of Iina was merged into the city of Fukushima on 1 July 2008 .
Royal Commissions are called to look into very important matters and usually controversy .
For example , these can be about government structure , the treatment of minorities , or the events that had received concern from the public or economic questions .
Because of this governments are usually very careful about framing the Terms of Reference and generally include in them a date by which the commission must finish .
In Australia -- and particularly New South Wales -- Royal Commissions have been investigations into police and government corruption and organised crime . They have used the powers of the Royal Commissioner to force powerful , but corrupt , public officials to tell the truth .
In other cases , where the Commissioner has not kept to the terms of reference , the commission has been stopped by a superior court .
In practice -- unlike other forms of inquiry -- once a Commission has started the government can not stop it .
The results of Royal Commissions are published in , often , massive reports of findings containing policy recommendations .
They can call witnesses under oath , offer indemnities , seize documents and other evidence -LRB- sometimes including those normally protected , such as classified information -RRB- , holding hearings in camera , and can force all government officials to help the Commission .
Because of their legal powers the Commissioners are often retired senior judges .
They often have long and complex names , for example , the `` Royal commission into whether there has been corrupt or criminal conduct by any Western Australian Police Officer '' . Because of this they are commonly known by the name of the main Commissioner .
A Royal Commissioner has a lot of power , more than those of a judge but these are limited to the `` Terms of Reference '' of the Commission .
The Commission is created by the Head of State -LRB- the Sovereign , or his\/her representative in the form of a Governor-General or Governor -RRB- on the advice of the Government .
Royal Commissions are usually run by one or more notable figures .
In states that are Commonwealth Realms a Royal Commission is a major government public inquiry into an important issue .
They have been held in the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Kenya and Saudi Arabia .
Many Royal Commissions last many years and , often , a different government is left to respond to the findings .
In Hong Kong , Ireland and South Africa , they are called a Commission of Enquiry or Commission of Inquiry .
These reports are often quite important , with the government making some or all recommendations into law . The work of some Commissions have been almost completely ignored by the government .
Originally based on the Formula One driver results legend template . Adjusted for accuracy regarding American motor sports cultural differences .
Subcategories look similar to `` Bazian-language surnames '' .
Surnames by language origin .
Richmond is the capital city of the state of Virginia , in the United States of America .
Much of the American Civil War was fought near Richmond , because Richmond was the capital of the Confederate States of America . Today , Richmond has a population of about 204,000 people , with more than a million people in the area around Richmond .
All teachers in Germany are trained in that method during their pedagogic studies .
This concept has developed into a common practice throughout Germany and has been experimented with in other countries .
That experience was successful , so he could establish the `` Lernen durch Lehren '' -LRB- LdL -RRB- -LRB- learning by teaching -RRB- method in Germany .
He studied German and French in order to become a teacher at a German grammar school , becoming a professor for foreign language teaching didactics at the Catholic University of EichstÃ tt-Ingolstadt -LRB- Bavaria -RRB- in 1980 .
Martin was born in 1943 in Paris and went to Germany in 1968 .
He was the first scholar to do active research on that topic for 25 years , building a wide network with several thousand teachers and promoting it to a large scale .
Jean-Pol Martin -LRB- born 1943 , Paris , France -RRB- was a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany .
In that year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in French .
He established the teaching method learning by teaching , a method for students to learn by teaching their peers .
MÃ zidon-Canon is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Canadian Museum of Flight is an aircraft museum at the Langley Airport in Langley , British Columbia , Canada .
Fright Night is the first album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius .
Hermann Minkowski -LRB- June 22 , 1864 â `` January 12 , 1909 in GÃ ttingen -RRB- was a German mathematician .
Rudolph William Louis `` Rudy '' Giuliani -LRB- born May 28 , 1944 -RRB- is a politician from New York in the United States .
Giuliani was mayor of New York City from January 1 , 1994 to December 31 , 2001 .
She is the older sister of Warren Beatty .
She is also the writer of a many autobiographical works , some about her New Age beliefs , as well as her Hollywood career .
Shirley MacLaine -LRB- born April 24 , 1934 -RRB- is an American movie and theater actress , famous not only for her acting , but for her strong belief in reincarnation .
United States Tennis Association -LRB- USTA -RRB- is the organization that controls tennis at national level in the United States .
The USTA runs the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center which hosts the U.S. Open , the last grand slam of the year .
It is a non-profit private organization formed in 1881 to standardize rules the rules of tennis in United States and affiliated to International Tennis Federation , the international governing body of tennis . At present USTA has more than 700,000 members , its whole aim is to promote and develop the game of tennis and to develop better infrastructure for tennis .
A hairpin turn -LRB- also hairpin bend , hairpin corner , or just hirpin -RRB- , is a very tight corner . It makes a vehicle turn almost 180 Â to continue on the road .
Kaspar Hauser -LRB- born probably 30 April 1812 ; died 17 December 1833 -RRB- was a child who lived in Germany .
He was taken to a police station where he could only write his name : Kaspar Hauser .
A British nobleman , Lord Stanhope , was interested in Hauser and gave him presents and tried to get permission to look after him .
His laboratory group concluded that there is no `` safe '' threshold below which radiation is not harmful .
He later demonstrated that there were multiple genes on the Drosophila Y chromosome , and described the mechanism of dosage compensation .
Stern eventually returned to the United States in 1932 . He became an American citizen in 1939 .
Born in Hamburg , Germany , he studied zoology at the University of Berlin , receiving his PhD in 1923 at the age of 21 .
In 1931 , he was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in Drosophila melanogaster , only weeks after Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton had done so with maize .
The Curt Stern Award , established by the American Society of Human Genetics in 2001 , recognizes a scientist who has made major scientific achievements in human genetics during the previous 10 years .
Curt Stern -LRB- 30 August 1902 â `` 23 October 1981 -RRB- was a German-American geneticist .
He was selected for a fellowship to study at Columbia University , then the site of Thomas Hunt Morgan 's famous drosophila fly room .
During World War II , he led research for the American government on low dose radiation safety .
In 1936 , he demonstrated that recombination can also take place in mitosis resulting in somatic mosaics , organisms that contain two or more genetically distinct types of tissues .
Both his teaching and his textbook were instrumental in re-founding human genetics on a non-racist basis , in contrast with pre-war German and American traditions in the subject .
Although not a physician , he engaged in clinical work in human genetics .
After the war his research focused on human genetics , pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation .
From 1947 until his retirement in 1970 , he was a professor at the University of California , Berkeley , where he had numerous doctoral students .
Stern was a signatory of the 1950 UNESCO statement The Race Question , a statement by leading scientists in many fields that questioned the validity and scientific foundations of racism .
From 1933 to 1947 , he taught at the University of Rochester .
In 1943 he began teaching a course in human genetics to medical students at the University of Rochester .
The first edition of Stern 's pioneering textbook The Principles of human genetics was published in 1949 .
This melting caused the surface to drop and form the Snake River Plain . Underneath the plain is the Snake River Aquifer .
The Snake River Plain is a valley in the U.S. state of Idaho .
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune . It is found in the Basse-Normandie region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Gein is considered by many to be even more well known because of several movies that were based in part on him .
The house was dark and Ed Gein was not there when the police arrived . They drove to a store where Gein usually bought groceries where they found Gein , who was just about to leave in his truck .
Sheriff Schley had not said anything about Bernice Wordenâ s death before Gein said that he thought someone had tried to frame him for the death , at which point Schley arrested Gein .
The city has a total area of 24.0 kmÂ -LRB- 9.2 miÂ -RRB- . 22.5 kmÂ -LRB- 8.7 miÂ -RRB- of it is land and 1.5 kmÂ -LRB- 0.6 miÂ -RRB- of it -LRB- 6.16 % -RRB- is water .
Ishpeming is a city located in Marquette County , Michigan , USA .
Ishpeming is considered the birthplace of downhill ski jumping in the United States and is the home to the National Ski Hall of Fame .
As of the 2000 census , the city had a total of 6,686 people living in it .
Ishpeming is 1436 feet above sea level .
There used to be more people in the 1950s and 1960s , when the iron ore mines were in full operation .
Walker was born November 2 , 1967 , in Colorado .
Keisuke Tsuboi -LRB- born 16 September 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds .
He married and became a farmer in Lyndhurst , Hampshire .
Phillip was made Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony in Australia , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .
In 2007 Geoffrey Robertson QC found that Phillip 's remains are no longer in the church .
Most of the 772 convicts -LRB- prisoners -RRB- were thieves from the city area of London .
Admiral Arthur Phillip RN -LRB- 11 October 1738 â `` 31 August 1814 -RRB- was a British naval officer .
In 1778 England was at war again , and Phillip was recalled to active service . In 1779 he was given his first command , the ship Basilisk .
Phillip soon decided that this site , picked by Sir Joseph Banks , was not suitable .
In 1762 he was promoted to Lieutenant . When the war ended in 1763 he was put on half pay .
The first ship , HMS Supply , reached Botany Bay on 18 January 1788 .
Phillip joined the Royal Navy at 15 . He saw action during the Seven Years ' War in the Mediterranean at the Battle of Minorca in 1756 .
He had to take everything that the new colony might need . Phillip had no real idea of what he might find when he got there .
Robertson believes that it is a insult to Phillip that he was n't buried in one of England 's cathedrals .
Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson . On 26 January 1788 -LRB- this day is now called Australia Day the marines and convicts landed at Sydney Cove .
The First Fleet , of 11 ships , sailed on 13 May 1787 .
He was promoted to captain in 1781 , and given command of the Ariadne .
On June 4 , 1783 , Annonay was the place where the Montgolfier brothers made their first public unmanned hot air balloon flight .
Annonay is a town and commune in the north part of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement of France .
This commune has the most people living in it of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , although it is not the prÃ fecture -LRB- capital -RRB- , which can be found in the smaller town of Privas .
On March 8 , 2001 , an ETA terrorist suspect was arrested at a roadblock .
Annonay can be found a few kilometers away from the river RhÃ ne , 75 km south of Lyon and 40 from Saint - Ã tienne .
She is perhaps best known for her role as Lucy Camden-Kinkirk on the television series 7th Heaven .
Beverley Ann Mitchell -LRB- born January 22 , 1981 -RRB- is an American actress and country music singer .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1978 for his discovery of restriction endonucleases which he shared with Daniel Nathans and Hamilton O. Smith .
Werner Arber -LRB- born 3 June 1929 -RRB- is a Swiss microbiologist and geneticist .
The V sign is a hand gesture that means victory or peace . It is made by raising the first and second fingers on the hand , and putting down the other fingers .
Stu gets on the ice and picks up the babies , to the audience 's applause .
`` Reptar on Ice '' is the twenty-third episode of the Nickelodeon show Rugrats .
Tommy is disgruntled at a comment Angelica makes at a breakfast about the dinosaurs being extinct and expresses his concern to the other babies of the possibility of Reptar being extinct too .
As they arrive at the ice show , Leo , the actor portaying `` Reptar '' , shows his outrage at the theme of the show manager , Harry , how he questions why he chose to the play the part due to his dislike of children , lizards , and his inability to the ice skate .
They go onto the ice and rides on the props to catch up with him .
A commercial for `` Reptar on Ice '' suddenly plays , to the shock of the babies and Stu decides to take them all .
They get caught in the midst of a scene and inadvertently interrupt the performance ; Leo tries to continue performing , but freaks out and runs off when Tommy shows him the lizard .
The performance begins and as it continues , the adults fall asleep ; the babies then take this time to give the lizard to `` Reptar . ''
It aired November 8 , 1992 .
The babies are now thrilled because they can now `` return '' the lizard to its `` father '' .
After an accidental suggestion by Chuckie 's that he 's `` hiding , '' the babies look for him in the backyard and discover a lizard which looks exactly like him and come to assumption that it is Reptar 's child .
`` Reptar on Ice '' was released on the VHS Rugrats : Return of Reptar , the DVD Rugrats : Decade in Diapers , Rugrats : Season 2 and will be released on Rugrats : The Complete Series .
`` Reptar on Ice '' is the twenty-third episode of the Nickelodeon show Rugrats . It aired November 8 , 1992 .
To keep him in a secret from the grown-ups , Tommy hides the lizard inside his diaper while the baby ponder what to do with Reptar 's Baby .
The movie is set after World War I. It is about a woman -LRB- played by Audrey Tautou -RRB- looking for her missing lover .
Jeunet also directed numerous television advertisements and music videos .
Because The City of Lost Children was well liked , Jeunet was asked to direct the fourth movie in the Alien series - Alien : Resurrection -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
For this movie he also got an European Film Award for Best Director .
Their first live-action movie was The Bunker of the Last Gunshots -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . It was a short movie about soldiers in a futuristic world .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet bought his first camera at the age of 17 and made short movies while studying animation at CinÃ mation Studios .
In 2004 , Jeunet released A Very Long Engagement . It is based on the novel by Sebastien Japrisot .
This story was a huge success worldwide . It was nominated for several Academy Awards .
Jeunet returned to France after making Alien : Resurrection .
He made friends with Marc Caro . Caro was a designer and comic book artist .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet -LRB- born 3 September 1953 in Roanne , Loire , France -RRB- is a French movie director .
Together , Jeunet and Caro directed award-winning animations .
In 1938 , the first President , Douglas Hyde lived there temporarily while plans were made to build a new presidential palace on the grounds .
By 1945 it had become too closely identified with the presidency of Ireland to be demolished . But because it had not been lived in , a lot of work was needed to rebuild and improve it , especially to the kitchens , servants ' quarters and chapel .
The original house was designed by park ranger and amateur architect , Nathaniel Clements in the mid eighteenth century .
However , in 1990 Mary Robinson moved back to the older main building .
Two men were stabbed to death with surgical knives while walking back to the residence from Dublin Castle . They were the Lord Frederick Cavendish , the British Cabinet minister with responsibility for Irish affairs , and Thomas Henry Burke , chief civil servant .
It is located in the Phoenix Park on the northside of Dublin .
During the Social Season -LRB- January to St. Patrick 's Day in March -RRB- he lived in Dublin Castle .
Although it has ninety-two rooms , many of these are used for storage of presidential files , for household staff and official staff , including military aides-de-camp , a Secretary to the President and a press office .
Ã ras an UachtarÃ in is the official home of the President of Ireland .
His official residence was in the Viceregal Apartments in Dublin Castle .
On 1 May 2004 , during Ireland 's six-month presidency of the European Union , Ã ras an Uachtarain was the Venue for the European Day of Welcomes -LRB- Accession Day -RRB- in which ten new members joined the EU .
It was bought by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .
Ã ras an UachtarÃ in also houses the headquarters of the Garda Mounted Unit .
In 2001 , the Irish state opened a guest residence nearby in Farmleigh , a former Guinness mansion .
Guests do not normally stay at the Ã ras .
All 25 heads of government attended the flag raising ceremony in the gardens of the palace .
The current occupant , Mary McAleese lives in the 1911 wing .
The Lord Lieutenant , the 5th Earl Spencer , heard the victims screams from a ground floor window in the drawing room .
After that the new Governor-General , Domhnall Ua Buachalla , personally leased a private mansion in the southside of Dublin .
Other famous visitors to the Ã ras an UachtarÃ in have been Princess Grace of Monaco and her husband , Prince Rainier III ; King Baudouin of the Belgians ; King Juan Carlos and Queen Sophia ; Pope John Paul II ; Prince Charles , and Prince Philip .
In 1882 , the grounds around the house became the location for a famous murder .
After the Irish Free State was established in 1922 , it became the home of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State until 1932 .
In 1911 , the house got a large extension for the visit of King George V and Queen Mary .
The house in the park then became the Viceregal Lodge , the `` out of season '' residence of the Lord Lieutenant -LRB- also known as the Viceroy -RRB- , where he lived for most of the year from the 1820s onwards .
Various visiting British kings and queens stayed at the Viceregal Lodge , notably Queen Victoria and George V. American presidents that visited include Presidents John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , who are all of Irish descent .
The house was left empty for some years , until the office of President of Ireland was created in 1937 .
Later presidents moved to the new wing attached to the main house that had been built on for the visit of King George V in 1911 .
Ã ras an UachtarÃ in is now open for free tours every Saturday .
The first President , Douglas Hyde lived in the residential quarters on the first floor of the main building .
The outbreak of World War II saved the building , which had been renamed Ã ras an UachtarÃ in as plans were put on hold .
A small insurgent group called the Invincibles was responsible for the deed .
Le Vey is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
SebastiÃ # o Miranda da Silva Filho -LRB- born 26 February , 1952 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player . He has played for Brazil national team .
`` Jesus Christ Pose '' is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden , from their third studio album Badmotorfinger , which was released in 1991 .
Panama is a city of Iowa in the United States .
It is a low tundra-covered island with an irregular coastline deeply indented by Ommanney Bay in the west and Browne Bay in the east .
Prince of Wales Island one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago . It is an Arctic island in Nunavut , Canada , between Victoria Island and Somerset Island and south of the Queen Elizabeth Islands .
Its highest known point , found at 73 Â 49 ` N ; 97 Â 50 ' W â `` and 320 m high â `` is an unnamed spot in the island 's far northeastern end overlooking the Baring Channel , which separates the island from nearby Russell Island .
Prince of Wales Island is the world 's 40th biggest island and the 10th biggest in Canada .
It is located on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the Hellweg road .
Unna is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
He was given the title of LSO President for the rest of his life .
In 1943 got the very important job of conductor at the Vienna State Opera eventually becoming music director .
So he studied law at the university of Graz , and got a doctorate on this subject .
He was given many honors , including first Austrian Generalmusikdirektor .
On his 80th birthday a big party was held , at which Herbert von Karajan gave him a clock .
Karl BÃ hm -LRB- born Graz , 28 August 1894 ; died Salzburg , 14 August , 1981 -RRB- was an Austrian conductor .
BÃ hm became very interested in the operas of Wagner and Mozart and learned a lot from great conductors like Carl Muck and Bruno Walter who invited him to the Bavarian State Opera in 1921 .
Duct tape was designed during World War II .
Duct tape was also called `` 100 mph tape '' by the military because it is said the tape will still stick in winds at speeds of 100 miles per hour . Duct tape got its name from its use on heating and air conditioning ducts but oddly enough , that is the one use that the tape is not very good for .
Duct tape is a very strong adhesive tape with a cloth backing .
Professional certification , trade certification , or professional designation , often called simply certification or qualification , is a certification a person gets to assure that he\/she is qualified to perform a job or task .
Certifications are very common in aviation , construction , technology and other industrial sectors , as well as health care and finance .
It was part of Quetta Division until the year 2000 when divisions were abolished .
Quetta is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
The Sega 32X is a game console first released by Sega in 1994 .
In Japan , it was called the Sega Super 32X . In North America , it was called the Sega Genesis 32X .
In North America , it was called the Sega Genesis 32X . In Europe and Australia , it was called the Sega Mega 32X .
The Sega 32X is a game console first released by Sega in 1994 . It was an add on for the Sega Mega Drive and was Sega 's first console in the 32 bit games market .
It was an add on for the Sega Mega Drive and was Sega 's first console in the 32 bit games market .
It was an add on for the Sega Mega Drive and was Sega 's first console in the 32 bit games market . In Japan , it was called the Sega Super 32X .
In Japan , it was called the Sega Super 32X .
In Europe and Australia , it was called the Sega Mega 32X .
The Celtic Sea is the area of the Atlantic Ocean off the south coast of Ireland .
The southern and western boundaries are based on the continental shelf .
To the east of it are the Saint George 's Channel , the Bristol Channel , the English Channel , and the Bay of Biscay , as well as adjacent portions of Wales , Cornwall , Devon , and Brittany .
CapitÃ n Sarmiento is a town in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
The town and Partido were created on December 21 1961 .
Antimony trifluoride , also known as antimony -LRB- III -RRB- fluoride or Swart 's reagent , is a chemical compound .
KleinlÃ 1\/4 tzel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Flagstaff is a city that can be found in the northern part of Arizona in the United States . It is the county seat of Coconino County .
Flagstaff is a city that can be found in the northern part of Arizona in the United States .
In November 1990 , Heseltine challenged Thatcher for Conservative Party leadership and this led to Thatcher resigning , but Heseltine did not get to become party leader .
Michael Ray Dibdin Heseltine , Baron Heseltine , CH , PC -LRB- born 21 March 1933 -RRB- is a British politician and businessman .
Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1 196 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Kazushige Kirihata -LRB- born 30 June 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
Segarcea is a town in Dolj County , Romania . It is about 25 kilometers from Craiova , which is the county seat of Dolj County .
Alan Carr -LRB- born 14 June 1976 -RRB- is an English television presenter and stand-up comedian .
Dirceu -LRB- born 15 June , 1952 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
It is next to Berwickshire , Peeblesshire and Midlothian .
Selkirkshire is a British county in Scotland .
Selkirkshire 's county town is the Royal Burgh of Selkirk .
GHB is naturally produced in the human body 's cells . Its chemical structure is similar to that of ketone body beta-hydroxybutyrate .
GHB can cause ` GHB comas ' .
Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid -LRB- Î - Hydroxybutyric acid , commonly shortened to GHB ; other names include 4-hydroxybutanoic acid and sodium oxybate -RRB- is a chemical substance . Small quantities of it can be found in the central nervous system of many animals .
GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation . Small amounts of the substance can be found in some beers and wines .
Shinji Ono -LRB- born 27 September 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse .
To use this template , simply copy the text below and replace the text between the with the desired result .
It is named after Laomedeia , one of the 50 Nereids .
It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 23,571,000 km and is about 42 kilometers in diameter -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- .
It was found by Matthew J. Holman , et al . on August 13 , 2002 .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 -LRB- IAUC 8802 -RRB- , it was known as S\/2002 N 3 .
A penalty in ice hockey is a punishment when people do bad things in ice hockey .
The surface gravity may be thought of as the acceleration caused by the gravity experienced by a hypothetical test particle which is very close to the object 's surface and which , in order not to disturb the system , has negligible mass.
The surface gravity , g , of an astronomical or other object is the gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface .
Surface gravity is measured in units of acceleration , which , in the SI system , are meters per second squared .
It may also be described as a multiple of the Earth 's gravity , g = 9.80665 m\/s2 .
In astrophysics , the surface gravity may be expressed as log g , which is obtained by first expressing the gravity in cgs units , where the unit of acceleration is centimeters per second squared , and then taking the base 10 logarithm .
The name `` Dhakeshwari '' -LRB- à cents à 3\/4 à à à à à à à Ã hakeshshori -RRB- means `` Goddess of Dhaka '' .
The Easter Bunny will either put the baskets in a certain place or hide them somewhere in the house for the children to find when they wake up in the morning .
In old stories , the creature brings baskets filled with colored eggs , candy and toys to the homes of children on the night before Easter .
The Easter Bunny -LRB- or Easter Hare -RRB- is a character depicted as an anthropomorphic rabbit .
Bearden is a city of Ouachita County in the state of Arkansas , United States .
Coaraze is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France .
It is a shy nocturnal grazer and does not live in big groups .
Woodward 's Wallaroo -LRB- Macropus bernardus -RRB- , also called the Black Wallaroo and Bernard 's Wallaroo , is the smallest of the wallaroos .
The male is black or dark brown and the female is a gray color .
Elena Olegovna Bovina -LRB- born March 10 , 1983 , Moscow , Russia -RRB- is a Russian professional female tennis player .
On April 4 , 2005 Bovina reached her career-high singles ranking : World No. 14 .
Very often , vCards are attached to E-Mail messages , but they can also be exchanged in other ways .
vCard is a standard document format for electronic business cards .
Ryosuke Okuno -LRB- born 13 November 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is situated only 170 y away from Dens Park , home of rivals Dundee F.C. ; the two stadia are the closest senior football grounds anywhere in the United Kingdom .
The club have only ever played one home fixture at another venue .
Special dispensation was requested to proceed with the proposal , as rules at the time forbade SPL teams from groundsharing .
This was a League Cup tie against Rangers in March 1947 , when despite snow rendering Tannadice unplayable , the match was able to go ahead across the road at Dens Park .
The age and proximity of their stadia has led to the possibility of both clubs moving to a new , purpose-built shared stadium being discussed on various occasions .
Following Scotland 's failed bid to host the tournament , the scheme was shelved for the time being , although the plan was raised again in June 2008 following doubts about joint-host Ukraine 's ability to stage Euro 2012 with the Scottish Football Association keen as alternative hosts .
The most recent and serious proposal for this was put forward as part of Scotland 's bid to joint-host the 2008 European Football Championship , with several clubs seeking to benefit from a new stadium with planning permission given to a proposed site at Caird Park .
Dundee United 's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park , located on Tannadice Street in the Clepington area of the city .
Asperg is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg , Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
It is situated 15 km north of Stuttgart , and 4 km west of Ludwigsburg .
The Hohenasperg fortress is situated in Asperg .
Historically important cities in Mesopotamia included Uruk , Nippur , Nineveh , and Babylon , as well as major territorial states such as the city of Ma-asesblu , the Akkadian kingdom , the Third Dynasty of Ur , and the Assyrian empire .
Some of the important historical Mesopotamian leaders were Ur-Nammu -LRB- king of Ur -RRB- , Sargon -LRB- who started the Akkadian Kingdom -RRB- , Hammurabi -LRB- who established the Old Babylonian state -RRB- , and Tiglath-Pileser I -LRB- who started the Assyrian Empire -RRB- .
Ancient Mesopotamia begins in the late 6th millennium BC , and ends with either the rise of the Achaemenid Persians in the 6th century BC or the Muslim conquest of Mesopotamia in the 7th century CE .
Also , some nouns are ` countable ' -LRB- they can be counted , for example , one piece , two pieces -RRB- but others are not -LRB- for example , we do not say one furniture , two furnitures -RRB- .
Common nouns are all other nouns that are not proper nouns . Sometimes the same word can be either a common noun or a proper noun , depending on how it is used ; for example :
Adjectives can also describe nouns .
In English and many other languages , nouns have ` number ' . But some nouns are only singular -LRB- such as furniture , physics -RRB- and others are only plural -LRB- such as clothes , police -RRB- .
Common nouns are all other nouns that are not proper nouns .
Kingsley is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The longest article , on the United States , was from the combining of the 50 articles on each state .
The MacropÃ dia was introduced in the 15th edition of the Britannica in 1974 with 19 book having 4,207 articles .
In 1985 , these articles were combined and made smaller into 17 books with about 700 articles , which can be as short as 2 pages , and as long as 310 pages .
The 17-book MacropÃ dia is the third part of the EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , and the other two parts are the 12-book MicropÃ dia and the 1-book PropÃ dia .
Alberigo Evani -LRB- born 1 January , 1963 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Argyle is a community in Manitoba , Canada .
Empurany is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Note : `` Phylum '' applies formally to any biologial domain but traditionally it was always used of animals whereas `` Division '' was traditionally often used of plants , fungi etc.
Grandchamp-le-Ch Ã cents teau is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
John ` Jocky ' Alexander Scott -LRB- born January 14 , 1948 in Aberdeen -RRB- is a Scottish football manager and former player .
Its main office is in Hershey , Pennsylvania , a town smells strongly of cocoa on some days , and home to Hershey 's Chocolate World .
The Hershey Company , until April 2005 Hershey Foods Corporation , commonly called Hershey 's , is America 's largest chocolate company . Its main office is in Hershey , Pennsylvania , a town smells strongly of cocoa on some days , and home to Hershey 's Chocolate World .
The company was founded by Milton S. Hershey in 1894 as the Hershey Chocolate Company .
The company was founded by Milton S. Hershey in 1894 as the Hershey Chocolate Company . Hershey 's candies and other products are sold around the world .
Hershey 's candies and other products are sold around the world .
The Hershey Company , until April 2005 Hershey Foods Corporation , commonly called Hershey 's , is America 's largest chocolate company .
Tomonori Hirayama -LRB- born 9 January 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Castelmoron-d ` Albret is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Rise of a Hero is a fantasy book that was written in 2005 by Hilari Bell . It is the second book in the Farsala Trilogy .
Keiji Yoshimura -LRB- born 8 August 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight .
Reading is a major junction point on the National Rail system , and as a consequence the railway station is a major transfer point as well as serving heavy local traffic .
Reading railway station -LRB- formerly Reading General -RRB- is a major rail junction and station in the English town of Reading .
Adjacent to the railway station is a bus interchange , served by most of Reading 's urban and rural bus services .
It is situated on the northern edge of the town center , close to the main retail and commercial areas , and also the River Thames .
The station is sponsored by the bank ING Direct and the University of Reading .
Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
What was left of the storm moved over Newfoundland before turning to the east-northeast .
The Atlantic Storm Prediction Centre sent out gale warnings for the storm .
The southern one was located about 200 miles -LRB- 320 km -RRB- to the south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . The northern weather system was located about 290 miles -LRB- 470 km -RRB- to the south-southeast of Cape Cod , Massachusetts .
The storm then moved into much cooler water temperatures , after it left the Gulf Stream .
When the storm came near Canada , a buoy recorded winds of 36 mph -LRB- 56 km\/h -RRB- . It also recorded a wind gust of 44 mph -LRB- 70 km\/h -RRB- .
The 2006 unnamed tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone .
The northern one became an extratropical cyclone , a type of weather system , on July 16 .
It was the second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season . It formed as an extratropical cyclone , a type of weather system , to the southeast of Nantucket , Massachusetts .
It moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures . These temperatures were 80 -- 82 Â F -LRB- 27 -- 28 Â C -RRB- .
The storm quickly reached peak winds of 50 mph -LRB- 85 km\/h -RRB- .
Late on July 17 , the storm reached its peak winds of 50 mph -LRB- 85 km\/h -RRB- . At this time , it was located about 245 miles -LRB- 395 km -RRB- to the south of Halifax , Nova Scotia .
A cold front moved off the east coast of the United States late on July 13 . While it was over the western Atlantic Ocean , it stopped moving .
It then moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures . It turned into a tropical storm on July 17 , when an area of thunderstorms formed near the center of the cyclone .
It quickly weakened as the convection quickly diminished , and it died out on July 18 .
It turned into a tropical depression on July 17 , when it was located about 240 miles -LRB- 390 km -RRB- to the southeast of Nantucket , Massachusetts .
An example of reconstructive plastic surgery is fixing a part of the body that has been burned . An example of cosmetic plastic surgery is a surgery called a `` Face-Lift '' -LRB- pulling the skin of the face tight so that someone looks younger -RRB- .
Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change the way a person 's body looks or works .
Marmalade can also be made from lemons , limes , grapefruits , or a combination of citrus fruits .
The optional parameter `` extra = -1 '' can be used to return a specific value when a text string exceeds the 80-character limit .
The Template : Strlen_quick gives the length of parameter 1 , as a text string , with a count of 0-80 characters , using a simple , quick method .
This markup template was designed to run quickly and use only 5 levels of MediaWiki expansion depth , rather than 9-13 or more levels as in other string-length templates .
The default result is -1 to indicate a string longer than 80 characters .
She has written over thirty books and has won many awards , including the Children 's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times , the Victorian Premier 's Literary Award , the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction , the Australian Ibby Award , and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction .
Catherine Jinks -LRB- born 1963 -RRB- is an Australian writer .
Milford is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
His wife was Moina Mathers , sister of the philosopher Henri Bergson .
Samuel Liddell -LRB- or Liddel -RRB- `` MacGregor '' Mathers , born as Samuel Liddell -LRB- January 8 or 11 , 1854 â `` November 5 or 20 , 1918 -RRB- , was one of the most influential figures in modern Occultism .
His father , William M. Mathers , died while Samuel Liddell was still a boy .
Samuel Liddell was born on January 8 or January 11 , 1854 in Hackney , London , England .
His mother , whose maiden name was Collins , died in 1885 .
He attended Bedford Grammar School , and worked in Bournemouth , Dorset , as a clerk , before moving to London following the death of his mother .
No contributor , system operator , developer , or sponsor of Wikipedia , nor anyone else connected to Wikipedia can take any responsibility for the results or consequences of any attempt to use or adopt any of the information presented on this web site .
Nothing on Wikipedia.org or on any project made by the Wikimedia Foundation Inc. should be made to look like an attempt to offer or give a medical opinion or otherwise engage in the practice of medicine .
Wikipedia is not a doctor .
Gallium is not dangerous to people , because there is not much of it on the Earth .
Gallium does not conduct electricity well , and is known as a semiconductor . That means gallium can be used in computers to make them work .
Because the Islamic calendar is a lunar calendar , eleven days shorter than the Gregorian calendar used in the Western world , the Gregorian date of the Hajj is eleven days earlier from year to year .
The right time of the year is from the 8th to 12th day of Dhu al-Hijjah , the 12th month of the Islamic calendar .
It is available on digital radio -LRB- DAB -RRB- , digital satellite television , digital terrestrial television -LRB- Freeview -RRB- , and the Internet .
The station was launched at 6pm on August 16 , 2002 . It was called Network X during the planning period .
The upper age range is deliberately lower than sister station Radio 1 which is closer to 35 .
According to the `` Submission to the Secretary of State 's review of digital channels '' in March 2004 , 1Xtra `` provides music output 24 hours a day , punctuated by bespoke BBC news bulletins and other speech output designed specifically to be pertinent to the audience . ''
Typical music includes largely British and North American hip hop , grime , bassline , garage , dubstep , drum and bass , bashment , soca , reggae , gospel music , bhangra and R&B .
1Xtra 's audience is usually aged between 15 and 30 years old .
BBC Radio 1Xtra , -LRB- formerly 1Xtra or 1Xtra from the BBC -RRB- is a digital UK radio station from the BBC . It specialises in new black music , sometimes called urban music .
It is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 and is broadcast from the same building as Radio 1 - Yalding House in central London . This is part of the BBC 's massive Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and other offices .
Selenate is an ion . Its chemical formula is SeO42 - .
Pax Romana was the time when there was peace in the Roman Empire .
The Pax Romana lasted from 27 BC until 180 AD .
CaÃ apa -LRB- born 29 May 1976 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
A total of 98 class 33s were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company , and they were called `` Cromptons '' after the Crompton Parkinson electrical equipment installed in them .
The original -LRB- 1957 -RRB- number sequence was D6500 -- D6597 .
The British Rail Class 33 also known as the BRCW Type 3 or Crompton is a class of Bo-Bo diesel locomotives ordered in 1957 and built for the Southern Region of British Railways between 1959 and 1963 .
This is a list of physicists .
In total , around 100 organizations were responsible for service delivery in Greater London .
He deliberately antagonised Mrs. Thatcher through a series of actions -LRB- including posting a billboard of London 's rising unemployment figures on the side of , and endorsing a statue of Nelson Mandela whilst Thatcher regarded the future South African president as a terrorist .
The Labor Party had controlled the LCC from 1934 and by the 1950s the Conservative Government considered that elections were becoming one-sided , since the London County Council -LRB- LCC -RRB- covered only the inner -LRB- generally Labour-voting -RRB- districts .
The Mayor of London elections were won by the same Ken Livingstone , who began his victory speech with the words : `` As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted 14 years ago '' .
In 1999 a referendum was held on the establishment of a new London authority and elected mayor , which was approved by a two to one margin .
The new Greater London Authority -LRB- GLA -RRB- was established in 2000 .
Livingstone 's high-spend socialist policies put the GLC into direct conflict with Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government .
Most of the powers of the GLC were given to the London boroughs .
It replaced the earlier London County Council -LRB- LCC -RRB- which had covered a much smaller area .
The Local Government Act 1985 , which abolished the GLC , faced considerable opposition from many quarters but was narrowly passed in Parliament , setting the end of the council for 31 March 1986 .
The government sought to create a new body covering all of London .
The Greater London Council -LRB- GLC -RRB- was the local government administrative body for Greater London from 1965 to 1986 .
Some powers , such as the fire service , were taken over by joint boards made up of councillors appointed by the boroughs - see waste authorities in Greater London for an example .
Livingstone soon became a thorn in the side of the sitting Tory government .
The GLA has a very different structure to the GLC , it consisted of a directly elected Mayor of London and a London Assembly .
Tony Blair 's Labor government was elected in 1997 , and was committed to bring back London-wide government .
Magden is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
He married in 1882 . He and his wife , Maud Gage Baum , raised four sons .
After several successes in the late 1890s , Baum published what he called an `` American fairy tale , '' The Wonderful Wizard of Oz , in 1900 . The book had pictures drawn by the American artist W. W. Denslow .
He and his wife , Maud Gage Baum , raised four sons . Baum had a very good imagination .
The children who read his books often wrote to Baum , and asked him to write more about Oz . This caused Baum to begin a series of books set in the fantasy land of Oz .
This is a list of cities in Iran .
Yosuke Saito -LRB- born 7 April 1988 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
HÃ zecques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It was re-released on March 9 , 1999 as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection video series .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians was first released to theaters on January 25 , 1961 .
One Hundred and One Dalmatians , often abbreviated as 101 Dalmatians , is the seventeenth animated movie in the Walt Disney classics series . It was made and produced by Walt Disney , and based on the book The Hundred and One Dalmatians by Dodie Smith .
A 2-disc Platinum Edition DVD was released on March 4 , 2008 .
On December 19 , 1999 , it received its first DVD release as part of Disney 's Limited Issue series .
The movie stars Rod Taylor as the voice of Pongo , the first of the dalmatians , and Betty Lou Gerson as the voice of the villainous Cruella de Vil .
After its first release , it was re-released to theaters four more times : January 1969 , June 1979 , December 1985 , and July 1991 .
Disney remade the movie in 1996 as 101 Dalmatians , a live-action film starring Glenn Close as Cruella De Vil .
It was then released on VHS on April 10 , 1992 as part of the Walt Disney Classics video series .
Grangeville is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Articles on genera and species can be found within the subfamily categories .
Legumes are the plants of the family Fabaceae in the order Fabales .
Luigi Delneri -LRB- born 23 August 1950 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
San Marino national football team is the national football team of San Marino .
The Barbary Falcon -LRB- Falco pelegrinoides -RRB- is a species of birds very fast and can get up to 250km\/h , is a medium-sized falcon about the size of a crow .
This bird of prey breeds in the Canary Islands and on the coasts of North Africa .
Journans is a commune .
A very popular type of casserole is green bean casserole , which has green beans , milk or cream , and fried onions .
A casserole is a baked dish of many different types of food , usually mixed together .
Esquerdes is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Having been the king since June 9 , 1946 , he is the world 's longest-serving current head of state and the longest-serving monarch in Thai history .
Bhumibol Adulyadej -LRB- ; ; Royal Institute : Phummiphon Adunyadet ; -RRB- -LRB- born Monday , December 5 , 1927 -RRB- , is the current King of Thailand .
Most people in Thailand know him as `` the Great '' -LRB- Thai : à à `` à à # à à , Maharaja -RRB- .
He is also known as Rama IX .
Norbury is 6.7 m south of Charing Cross .
Norbury is a town in the London Borough of Croydon , on the border with the London Borough of Lambeth and the London Borough of Merton .
It shares the postcode London SW16 with nearby Streatham .
Beaminster is known for a nine day music and art festival called the Beaminster Festival . The festival is held every year .
It is available on many gaming systems such as the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , and PC .
Call of Duty 3 is a first person shooter video game .
A common use of a pinhole camera is to capture the movement of sunlight over a long period of time .
The shutter of a pinhole camera usually consists of a hand operated flap of some light-proof material to cover and uncover the pinhole .
The image may be projected on a translucent screen for real-time viewing -LRB- popular for viewing solar eclipses ; see also camera obscura -RRB- .
This type of photography is called Solargraphy .
Saint - Ã tienne-du-Gr Ã s is a commune of 2,111 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
Satire can be humorous and make people laugh , but it is not just for making people laugh . Satire makes fun of peopleâ s faults .
Satire can be found in paintings , plays , books , songs , television or movies . Satire often uses irony to make its effect .
Vandeins is a commune .
Owensboro is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Rupperswil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Oman national football team is the national football team of Oman .
Maurice Samuel ` Mo ' Vaughn -LRB- born December 15 , 1967 -RRB- was a baseball player for the Boston Red Sox , Anaheim Angels , and New York Mets .
Sturgis is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Grillon is a commune of 1,686 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
The area once occupied by the state -LRB- 5,282 kmÂ -RRB- now forms two districts of Pakistan - Upper Dir and Lower Dir .
The two districts were part of Malakand Division until divisions were abolished as an administrative tier .
Dir was a small former princely state located in the modern North-West Frontier Province in Pakistan .
The state ceased to exist in 1969 when it was incorporated into Pakistan .
Shrimp are small , swimming crustaceans .
Shrimp are small , swimming crustaceans . There are shrimp both in fresh water and in salt water .
Yzerman played his entire National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- career with the Detroit Red Wings and is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame .
Stephen Gregory `` Steve '' Yzerman -LRB- born May 9 , 1965 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and current general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League .
At last , Ravana was killed .
Ravana was king of Lanka .
Lee Van Cleef -LRB- January 9 , 1925 â `` December 16 , 1989 -RRB- was an American actor .
Feather dusters use the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander .
ChÃ merÃ - le-Roi is a commune of 383 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Coirac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Ivica Osim -LRB- born 6 May 1941 -RRB- is a former Bosnia and Herzegovina football player . He has played for Yugoslavia national team .
It is located on the Niger River , near the rapids that divide the Upper and Middle Niger Valleys , in the southwestern part of the country .
Pierluigi Casiraghi -LRB- born 4 March , 1969 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
On 14 March , a BBC report showed a picture of the town . The report described the city as `` almost completely flattened . ''
According to the police , every building smaller than three stories high was been completely flooded Buildings taller than three stories were partially flooded . At the city hall , water also reached as high as the third floor .
`` Rikuzen-Takata effectively no longer exists . ''
Local officials estimate that 20 % to 40 % of the cities people died .
The city had a 6.5 meter high seawall , but it was not enough . More than 80 % of 8,000 houses were destroyed by the tsunami .
However , the tsunami of March 2011 was 13 meters high in the city . The wave covered the areas that were supposed to be safe .
Rikuzentakata was reported to have been `` wiped off the map '' by the tsunami following the TÅ hoku earthquake .
He plays for Al-Ansar Beirut .
EdÃ lson JosÃ da Silva -LRB- born 8 December 1978 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
There are various types of barometers such as the water barometer , aneroid barometer , and the mercury barometer .
Barometer is an instrument used to measure air pressure .
The most used purpose of the barometer was measuring air pressure . The barometer is a good tool for predicting weather .
Air pressure and differences in pressure are important ways to describe or measure weather .
There are various types of barometers such as the water barometer , aneroid barometer , and the mercury barometer . They were created by an Italian mathematician named Evangelista Torricelli in 1643 .
Castilly is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Tata Indica is a automobile produced by Tata Motors in two generations since 1998 .
Naoya Kondo -LRB- born 3 October 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
Mouilleron-en-Pareds is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Audincthun is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Kanfen is a village in France near Thionville . It is in the Lorraine Region , in the moselle department , in north-eastern France .
Evaldo Silva dos Santos -LRB- born 4 January 1983 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Daniel Passarella -LRB- born 25 May 1953 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
Wolfwil is a municipality of the district of GÃ u in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The lost energy is converted into heat , raising the temperature of the system .
In Hydrology , dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy .
Such systems are called dissipative systems .
In computational physics , a numerical dissipation is also known as `` artificial dissipation '' or `` artificial diffusion '' or `` numerical diffusion '' .
Very often these devices look like small waterfalls or cascades , where water flows vertically or over riprap to lose some of its kinetic force .
In physics , dissipation includes the concept of a dynamical system where important mechanical modes , such as waves or oscillations , lose energy over time , typically due to the action of friction or turbulence .
The dissipative nature depends on the nature of the wave : an atmospheric wave , for instance , may dissipate close to the surface due to friction with the land mass , and at higher levels due to radiative cooling .
Various devices are designed in stream-beds -LRB- river-banks -RRB- to reduce the kinetic energy of flowing waters to reduce their erosive potential on banks and river bottoms .
They all mean this : when the pure advection equation -- which , by definition , is free of dissipation -- is solved by a numerical approximation method that reduces the amplitude and changes the shape of the initial wave in a way analogous -LRB- similar -RRB- to a diffusional process , the method is said to contain ` dissipation ' .
For example , a wave that loses amplitude is said to dissipate .
The Memphis blues is a type of blues music that was created in the 1920s and 1930s .
Merrey-sur-Arce is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Perak is a state in Malaysia that is located on the western part of Peninsular Malaysia . The capital city of Perak is Ipoh .
The capital city of Perak is Ipoh .
Keomah Village is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Posters are made to be shown on a wall or other flat surface .
Glos is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The rules for the Tony Awards are explained in the official document `` Rules and Regulations of The American Theatre Wing 's Tony Awards '' , which applies for each season only .
The Tony Award -LRB- formally , the Antoinette Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre -RRB- is an annual award celebrating achievements in live American theater , including musical theater , primarily honoring productions on Broadway in New York .
Coals from a bonfire would be taken home to light the fires in family hearths . This practice was thought to bring good fortune .
In Great Britain , bonfires are particularly associated with Guy Fawkes Night .
People also believed that the residents of the Faery realm were incapable of producing fire themselves ; embers of bonfires would be carried to the underworld and tended there .
Couples who were to be wed on May Day would leap through the flames of the bonfire to seal their vows .
In ancient times , cattle were important symbols of wealth and status . Such cattle was led through the smoke of a bonfire .
Martin also wrote for John Denver -LRB- a neighbor of his in Aspen , Colorado at one point -RRB- , The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour , and The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour .
`` It changed what I believe and what I think about everything .
Martin 's girlfriend in 1967 was a dancer on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour . She helped Martin get a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams .
The seven-minute long movie , also featuring Buck Henry and Teri Garr , was written by and starred Martin .
In philosophy , I started studying logic , and they were talking about cause and effect , and you start to realize , ` Hey , there is no cause and effect !
Martin 's first movie was a short , The Absent-Minded Waiter -LRB- 1977 -RRB- .
Then it gets real easy to write this stuff , because all you have to do is twist everything hardâ '' you twist the punch line , you twist the non sequitur so hard away from the things that set it up , that it 's easy ... and it 's thrilling . ''
Martin was in three more Reiner-directed comedies after The Jerk : Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid in 1982 , The Man with Two Brains in 1983 and All of Me in 1984 .
Williams initially paid Martin out of his own pocket .
His first feature movie appearance was in the musical Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band . He sang the Beatles ' Maxwell 's Silver Hammer .
In 1986 , Martin joined fellow Saturday Night Live veterans Martin Short and Chevy Chase in Â Three Amigos !
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
There is no logic ! There is no anything ! '
, directed by John Landis .
I majored in philosophy .
Along with the other writers for the show , Martin won an Emmy Award in 1969 .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police unit in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
The Housing Police , as well as New York City Transit Police , became part of the New York City Police Department in 1995 by order of New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and is now called the Housing Bureau .
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police unit in New York City that existed from 1952 to 1995 . The Housing Police , as well as New York City Transit Police , became part of the New York City Police Department in 1995 by order of New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and is now called the Housing Bureau .
Ismaning is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria , Germany .
He joined the Association of Socialist School Students and also became a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria , which was at that time a party that fully adopted the Marxist ideology .
Popper received a Lutheran upbringing and was educated at the University of Vienna . .
Karl Popper was born in Vienna -LRB- then in Austria-Hungary -RRB- in 1902 to middle-class parents of Jewish origins , both of whom had converted to Christianity .
In 1919 , he became attracted to Marxism .
Sir Karl Raimund Popper -LRB- 28 July 1902 â `` 17 September 1994 -RRB- was an Austrian and British philosopher and a professor at the London School of Economics .
The album features their live staples `` The Creeps '' , `` Another State of Mind '' , `` Telling Them '' and the title track , which has been frequently played by KROQ , the legendary Los Angeles , California radio station .
In the Swahili language its name is Kiswahili . It is a Bantu language .
Swahili is an official language in Tanzania and Kenya .
In the Swahili language its name is Kiswahili .
Poseidon is not letting Tyson fight , for fear of losing him .
Chiron is blamed for poisoning the tree and dismissed from camp ; Tantalus takes his job .
When they return to the mortal world , Clarisse returns to camp on a plane .
To Tyson 's disappointment , he sends him back to the armory to make weapons .
The next time he is seen is through the mist of the hearth on Mount Olympus .
They run into many obstacles .
Annabeth descends into the Labyrinth with them to find a way to stop Kronos 's evil forces from entering the borders of Camp Half-Blood by searching for its inventor , Daedalus .
During his first summer at Camp-Half Blood , Tyson makes Percy a shield with images of all of their adventures engraved on it ; it retracts into a watch when not deployed .
Tyson is the son of the Greek god Poseidon and a nature spirit .
The shield retracts into a watch when not in use .
It is located on Polyphemus 's Island in the Sea of Monsters -LRB- the Bermuda Triangle -RRB- .
As they enter the Sea of Monsters , they have to get past Scylla and Charybdis .
They all meet up on Polyphemus 's Island and ultimately leave with the Golden Fleece .
Clarisse La Rue , the daughter of Ares and longtime enemy of Percy , is given the quest to go into the Sea of Monsters to find the Golden Fleece .
The only thing able to cure the tree is the Golden Fleece , which has healing powers for plants , animals , and humans .
When they return to camp , the Fleece is put on the tree , reviving both it and Thalia .
Percy is in a grim state , so Tyson takes him to Poseidon .
Tyson , Percy , and Annabeth , after saving Camp Half-Blood from two fire-breathing bulls , set out to find Polyphemus , who believes that Grover is a female cyclops and not a satyr .
Tyson is last seen on Mount Olympus where he is awarded a new `` stick '' ; he is also given the role of general of Olympus ' army .
After jumping off the exploding Princess Andromeda -LRB- a cruise ship that Kronos had made his headquarters -RRB- , Percy finds himself in Poseidon 's palace where Tyson is waiting .
Percy comes back to Camp Half-Blood to find Tyson already there cleaning their room for inspection .
The Mist obscures everybody 's view of Tyson 's one eye , making most think he has two .
Tyson , who did not escape the ship in time , is presumed dead the until it is learned that he was saved by a hippocampus named Rainbow .
Thalia 's tree , the tree which serves as the magical border of Camp Half-Blood , is mysteriously poisoned .
Clarisse 's ship is destroyed .
He is a young cyclops who tries to be `` the best little brother possible '' and `` make his family proud . ''
They all reunite and flee the Labyrinth after the help of Daedalus -LRB- Quintus -RRB- .
She breaks the rule of having only two companions on a quest by choosing Percy , Grover , and Tyson .
He uses his bare strength and metalworking ability to his avail in many situations .
He meets Percy at Meriwether College Prep school ; Tyson is the subject of a program at the school which seeks to take in a homeless kid and help him while also taking in some information about him .
Annabeth faces a Sphinx and finds the riddles -LRB- which are actually factual questions -RRB- not challenging and an insult to her intellect .
Percy and Annabeth decide to go also , not just for the Golden Fleece , but for their friend Grover , who is trapped in Polyphemus 's cave .
Tyson is a fictional character in Rick Riordan 's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series .
For example , while fighting monsters in The Sea of Monsters , his immunity to fire protected him from magical flaming spheres that would have killed anyone else .
Tyson has also fixed Percy 's shield , which has been broken by a manticore , Dr. Thorn in the third book .
Tyson plays a minor role in The Titan 's Curse .
Instead of trying to sail in between , Clarisse goes for Charybidis .
Chiron comes to rescue them with his strangely dressed relatives , the Party Ponies .
Percy gives Poseidon the idea to send Tyson and all the other Cyclopes to take down Typhon .
He almost kills Percy in a duel , but Percy reveals that Chiron is innocent .
They do , and Typhon lands in the Hudson River .
Poseidon looks very aged due to all of the stress from the war going on .
They escape the claws of the Sphinx and continue on to find Hephaestus so he can tell them about where to find Daedalus .
He first appears as a homeless boy in the second book of the series , The Sea of Monsters .
Tyson has severe scars on his back that were caused by a sphinx in the substation where he used to live .
Percy , Annabeth and Tyson are kidnapped by Luke .
Annabeth leads the quest into Daedalus ' Labyrinth .
They split up , and Tyson follows Grover , who goes a different direction in search of Pan .
Tyson finds Annabeth Chase pretty .
Once , while he is in Poseidon 's underwater court making various items at the forge , he appears in an Iris message between him and Percy .
JÃ lio CÃ sar Soares EspÃ ndola -LRB- born 3 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Mediapolis is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Mark Iuliano -LRB- born 12 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Julius Kambarage Nyerere -LRB- April 13 1922 - October 14 1999 -RRB- , also known as Mwalimu -LRB- teacher -RRB- , was President of Tanzania from 1964 to 1985 , though he was still influential in politics until his death in 1999 because of his popularity .
Carlos TÃ vez -LRB- born 5 February 1984 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for Manchester City and Argentina national team .
Tyranni is a suborder of passerine birds . They are also known as the suboscines .
David IV , also known as David II or David III , or David the Builder -LRB- Georgian : á `` á á á á -- á á á á á á '' á á '' á ` á '' á á , Davit Aghmashenebeli -RRB- -LRB- 1073 â `` January 24 , 1125 -RRB- , from the House of Bagrationi , was King of Georgia from 1089 to 1125 .
The 1979 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1979 and ended on November 30 , 1979 .
This is the list of names that were set aside for the 1979 Atlantic hurricane season .
Names that were not used are marked in .
In the spring of 1980 , the names , David and Frederic were retired .
The magnitude of the gradient will determine how fast the temperature rises in that direction .
If a road goes directly up the hill , then the steepest slope on the road will also be 40 % .
Consider a room in which the temperature is given by a scalar field , so at each point the temperature is . We will assume that the temperature does not change in time .
Consider again the example with the hill and suppose that the steepest slope on the hill is 40 % .
Then , at each point in the room , the gradient at that point will show the direction in which the temperature rises most quickly .
Consider a hill whose height above sea level at a point is .
The steepness of the slope at that point is given by the magnitude of the gradient vector .
For example , if the angle between the road and the uphill direction , projected onto the horizontal plane , is 60 Â , then the steepest slope along the road will be 20 % which is 40 % times the cosine of 60 Â .
The gradient of at a point is a vector pointing in the direction of the steepest slope or grade at that point .
A generalization of the gradient , for functions which have vectorial values , is the Jacobian .
If instead , the road goes around the hill at an angle with the uphill direction -LRB- the gradient vector -RRB- , then it will have a shallower slope .
The gradient can also be used to measure how a scalar field changes in other directions , rather than just the direction of greatest change , by taking a dot product .
In vector calculus , the gradient of a scalar field is a vector field which points in the direction of the greatest rate of increase of the scalar field , and whose magnitude is the greatest rate of change .
The Odyssey is an ancient Greek epic poem by Homer .
An Irish Setter is a breed of dog .
Carrie Marie Underwood -LRB- born March 10 , 1983 -RRB- is a US country singer . She won the fourth season of American Idol .
It is one of many spaniel breeds .
The English Springer Spaniel is a dog breed used to help hunters get their animals . It is one of many spaniel breeds .
A mezzaluna is a tool that is used for chopping herbs and the large single bladed versions are usually used for cutting pizza or pesto .
According to Shakoor Khan , an elder from Bakhshali who attended the meeting , `` Before the Taliban resorts to torching more schools , we have decided to resist them '' .
The village is famous for being the place where the Bakhshali manuscript was found . This is an ancient mathematical work written on birch bark and is the oldest surviving document in South Asia of Indian mathematics .
In March 2007 there were attacks made on music shops in Bakhshali .
The rebels have also been pressuring local people to stop listening to music as well launching bomb attacks in the area .
On 15 August a meeting of elders in Mardan decided to set up anti-Taliban group similar to one that has been stated in neighbouring Buner District .
The village has also been affected by violence between the Taliban and the government ; on 24th January 2008 the militants attacked the vehicle of former Health minister Syed Kamal Shah injuring his guard .
Bakhshali is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
It is located at 34 Â 17 ' 0N 72 Â 9 ' 0E and has a height of 307 metres -LRB- 1010 feet -RRB- .
Two people were injured and one was killed in attacks by an unidentified extremist group who attacked the bazaar shooting and killing the watchman of the Seven Stars music center .
It was discovered in 1881 during British rule by a tenant of Mian An-Wan-Udin , a police inspector . The tenant discovered it while he was digging in an abandoned building .
In August 2007 the people of Bakhshali observed a strike against power cuts . They blocked the main Mardan to Bakshali road in protest .
He has played for Trinidad and Tobago national team .
Other county officials -LRB- such as the county Surveyor and the election commissioners -RRB- are appointed ; in smaller counties , these officials may be shared by multiple counties .
It is famous for the Santa Monica Pier that has many fun rides .
Santa Monica is a beach town in California . It is next to Los Angeles , California , USA .
Santa Monica is a beach town in California .
Barry R. Enright -LRB- born March 30 , 1986 in Stockton , California -RRB- is a American baseball player . He plays Pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- .
The Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League play at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
There are a few professional sports in Hamilton . The Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League play at Ivor Wynne Stadium .
There are a few professional sports in Hamilton .
Dison is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
On the American track listing for Honey To The B , the radio remix replaces the original album version .
It is from her first album Honey to the B. It reached No. 1 in the United Kingdom . This made her the youngest and first female solo singer to reach the top spot with her first two singles
The Hammersmith & City line is a line of the London Underground , colored salmon pink on the London Underground Map , running between Hammersmith in West London and Barking in East London .
According to Livy -LRB- 59 BC â `` 17 -RRB- the Palatine hill got its name from the Arcadian settlement of Pallantium .
Seventy-six trains out of a fleet of 88 are needed to run the line 's peak service . One unit -LRB- 166-566-366 -RRB- was severely damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005 .
-LRB- In order from east to west . -RRB-
Trains will also make an additional stop at during early mornings and late evenings but will not stop at the station during the main part of the day .
The Piccadilly line was to be upgraded in 2014 â `` 15 and would have had new trains as well as new signalling .
Bids for the rolling-stock order were submitted in 2008 .
This would have increased the line 's capacity by some 24 % .
The line is controlled from the control center at Earl 's Court , which it used to share with the District line .
Out of the 53 stations served , 25 are underground .
The line was previously worked by 1959 stock , 1956 stock , 1938 stock , standard tube stock and 1906 gate stock .
Other services operate at times , especially at the start and towards the end of the traffic day .
The stock was recently refurbished , and was due for replacement by 2014 , but the order for new trains was canceled in July 2010 .
The line has two depots , at Northfields and Cockfosters .
It is the second longest line on the system , after the Central Line .
It is the fifth busiest line on the Underground network judged by the number of passengers transported per year .
However , after the acquisition of Tube Lines by Transport for London in June 2010 , this order was canceled .
Like most Underground lines , the Piccadilly line is operated by a single type of rolling stock . In this case it is the 1973 tube stock .
It is in need of resignalling , and this work is planned to be carried out by 2014 .
Often late evening services terminate at instead of Cockfosters .
The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground . It is colored dark blue on the Tube map .
It is mainly a deep-level line , running from the north to the west of London via Zone 1 . However , there are a number of surface sections mostly in its westernmost parts .
There are sidings at Oakwood , South Harrow , Arnos Grove , Rayners Lane , Down Street , Wood Green , Acton Town , Ruislip and Uxbridge .
The Sundance Film Festival is a film festival that shows independent type of films . Little Miss Sunshine was at the Sundance .
The Sundance Film Festival is a film festival that shows independent type of films .
GÃ del 's incompleteness theorems is the name given to two theorems , proved by Kurt GÃ del in 1931 . They are about limitations in all but the most trivial formal systems for arithmetic of mathematical interest .
All axioms are supposed to be true , even without a proof . A theory then serves to come up with other true statements from the axioms , using certain rules .
Most people think they show that Hilbert 's program to find a complete and consistent set of axioms for all of mathematics is impossible . This would give a negative answer to Hilbert 's second problem .
The theorems are very important for the philosophy of mathematics .
He began teaching in the preliminary course of the Department of Design in 1922 , and was promoted to Professor in 1925 , the year the Bauhaus moved to Dessau .
His work at this time included designing furniture and working with glass .
Albers is best remembered for his work as an abstract painter and theorist .
In this rigorous series , begun in 1949 , Albers explored chromatic interactions with flat colored squares arranged inside each other .
Josef Albers -LRB- March 19 , 1888 â `` March 25 , 1976 -RRB- was a German-born American artist and educator . His work in Europe and the United States was highly influential .
Most famous of all are the hundreds of paintings and prints that make up the series Homage to the Square .
He studied art in Berlin , Essen , and Munich , before enrolling as a student at the prestigious Weimar Bauhaus in 1920 .
Albers was born in Bottrop , Westphalia -LRB- Germany -RRB- .
Clinton is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The population of Clinton was 1,415 at the 2000 census .
Pulitzer changed its focus to human-interest stories , scandal , and sensationalism .
Under Pulitzer 's leadership circulation grew from 15,000 to 600,000 , making the New Your World the largest newspaper in the country .
In 1902 , Columbia 's new president Nicholas Murray Butler was more receptive to the plan for a school and prizes , but it would not be until after Pulitzer 's death that this dream would be fulfilled .
Then , in 1878 , he bought the St. Louis Dispatch for $ 2,700 and merged the two papers , which became the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , which remains St. Louis ' daily newspaper .
The university initially turned down the money , evidently unimpressed by Pulitzer 's unscrupulous character .
That newspaper had been losing $ 40,000 a year . He paid $ 346,000 to Jay Gould , the owner .
In 1895 the World introduced the popular Yellow Kid comic by Richard F. Outcault . This was the first newspaper comic printed with color .
In 1887 , he recruited the famous investigative journalist Nellie Bly .
In 1917 , the first Pulitzer Prizes were awarded , in accordance with Pulitzer 's wishes .
Pulitzer left the university $ 2 million in his will , which led to the creation in 1912 of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , but by then the first school of journalism had been created at the University of Missouri .
In 1892 , Pulitzer offered Columbia University 's president , Seth Low , money to set up the world 's first school of journalism .
Pulitzer 's already failing health deteriorated rapidly , and he left the newsroom . He continued to actively manage the paper from his vacation retreat in Bar Harbor Maine and his New York mansion .
After the World exposed a fraudulent payment of $ 40 million by the United States to the French Panama Canal Company in 1909 , Pulitzer was indicted for libeling Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan .
In 1872 , Pulitzer bought the Post for $ 3,000 .
This competition with Hearst , particularly the coverage before and during the Spanish-American War , linked Pulitzer 's name with yellow journalism .
In 1989 Pulitzer was inducted into the St. Louis Walk of Fame .
He is interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York .
In 1885 , he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives , but resigned after a few months ' service .
The courts dismissed the indictments , in a victory for freedom of the press .
It was at the Post-Dispatch that Pulitzer developed his role as a champion of the common man with exposÃ s and a hard-hitting populist approach .
In 1895 , William Randolph Hearst purchased the rival New York Journal , which led to a circulation war .
It is a mix of an American Cocker Spaniel and a Poodle -LRB- in most cases the Miniature Poodle or Toy Poodle -RRB- , or by breeding a Cockapoo with another Cockapoo .
A Cockapoo -LRB- also called a Spoodle or Cockerpoo -RRB- is a hybrid dog . It is a mix of an American Cocker Spaniel and a Poodle -LRB- in most cases the Miniature Poodle or Toy Poodle -RRB- , or by breeding a Cockapoo with another Cockapoo .
Where black bars normally appear on a 4:3 -LRB- full screen -RRB- television showing a widescreen production , footage is displayed of pink curtains moving in the background .
Although not included on its soundtrack album -LRB- because it only contains the films scores -RRB- , the song is included on Destiny 's Child 's greatest hits album # 1 's and on selected non-U.S. versions of Knowles ' second studio album , Bâ Day .
Check on It is an R&B song written by BeyoncÃ Knowles , Kasseem Dean , Sean Garrett , Angela BeyincÃ , and Stayve Thomas for the soundtrack to the 2006 film The Pink Panther , in which BeyoncÃ co-stars .
When demand was growing for the song , Knowles shot a music video serving as promotion for both # 1 's and The Pink Panther .
The video was directed by Hype Williams , and was premiered on December 16 2005 .
The remix of the song in the music video features a remix of `` The Pink Panther Theme '' and a rap from Bun B. The video has a pink theme , with Knowles shown in mostly all pink -LRB- to fit in with The Pink Panther -RRB- , and the dancers wear pink PVC jackets and dance around rippling pink satin sheets .
The video cuts to Knowles wearing a pink polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka dot wall .
KLM is the world 's oldest airline with its original name .
Before KLM combined with Air France , KLM was Netherland 's main airline .
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines is an airline that is a part of Air France-KLM .
Before KLM combined with Air France , KLM was Netherland 's main airline . KLM is the world 's oldest airline with its original name .
In 1978-1989 Ajemian edited the `` Spurk '' journal , in 1979 he took part of the First Armenian Congress Organizing Committee -LRB- Paris -RRB- .
Kevork Ajemian -LRB- Adjemian -RRB- -LRB- 1932 -- 1998 -RRB- was an Armenian writer , journalist and public activist , one of the founders of ASALA military organization .
In 1999 a collection of the best journalistic works of Ajemian was published .
Nuri Å ahin -LRB- born 5 September 1988 -RRB- is a Turkish football player . He plays for Borussia Dortmund and Turkey national team .
Lepisma saccharina -LRB- commonly called the fishmoth , urban silverfish or just the silverfish -RRB- is a small , wingless insect .
Its common name comes from the animal 's silvery blue color , combined with the fish-like appearance of its movements . The scientific name indicates the silverfish 's diet of carbohydrates such as sugar or starches .
Petiville , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Undervelier is a municipality of the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
HÃ buterne is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Someone -LRB- probably you , from IP address $ 1 -RRB- requested that we send you a new Simple English Wikipedia login password .
The password for user `` $ 2 '' is now `` $ 3 '' .
You should log in and change your password now .
Ricardo Cabanas -LRB- born 17 January 1979 -RRB- is a Swiss football player . He plays for Grasshopper ZÃ 1\/4 rich .
Georgios Samaras -LRB- born 21 February 1985 -RRB- is a Greek football player . He plays for Celtic and Greece national team .
La RiviÃ re , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Kampenhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
A pyramid is a shape .
A pyramid with a square base -LRB- bottom -RRB- and four sides is called a square pyramid .
Camp Nou is a football stadium used by FC Barcelona .
Ginger is also a term used to describe a red-brown color , as in ginger hair .
Abraham will also be the representative for the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with the song Even If .
Hathian is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
It is located at 34 Â 23 ' 35N 71 Â 55 ' 0E and has an altitude of 372m -LRB- 1223 feet -RRB- .
A trough can be a narrow basin or a geologic rift . There are various oceanic troughs , troughs found under oceans ; examples include the rifts along the mid-ocean ridges .
Gilbertâ s potoroo was not seen again for many years , even though many people had searched for them in the 1970s .
Three potoroos , one male and two females , were moved to Bald Island in August 2005 .
A few young were born in the first couple of years , but then breeding just stopped .
It is not known how long gestation is for Gilbertâ s potoroo , but it is thought to be the same as the Long-nosed Potoroo ; about 38 days .
Liz Sinclair had been studying wallabies and caught the potoroo in one of her traps .
Potoroos live under thick bushes and shrubs .
If the first baby does not survive , the second baby can start growing right away .
Once thought to be extinct , it is listed as being critically endangered .
They can keep a second embryo in a state of diapause while the first embryo is growing .
Gilbert 's Potoroo is one of the world 's rarest mammals .
Australia has many different kinds of truffles and potoroos like to eat many of them .
Since then , four more potoroos have been sent to start a breeding colony .
It has a pointed face and it is about the size of a rabbit .
The female potoroos can have two babies in a year , but only carry one at a time .
The species was believed to be extinct for 120 years before it was re-discovered in 1994 in Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve .
Potoroos have sharp three toed claws that help them dig into the ground to find the truffles growing in the soil .
Potoroos are nocturnal and they spend their days hiding .
It also helps with raising money for more study and captive breeding programs for Gilbertâ s potoroo .
In 2001 , a group was formed called the Gilbertâ s Potoroo Action Group -LRB- GPAG -RRB- .
Gilbert 's Potoroo -LRB- Potorous gilbertii -RRB- is an Australian marsupial , sometimes called a rat-kangaroo .
Gilbertâ s potoroo was first discovered in 1840 , and named in 1841 after the English naturalist and explorer John Gilbert .
Gilbert had collected several animals at King George Sound in Australia , including this potoroo .
Aigle is the capital of the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
The town has a population of 8,100 people .
It is commonly used as a measure of antagonist drug potency in pharmacological research .
EC50 also represents the plasma concentration required for obtaining 50 % of a maximum effect in vivo .
It indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process -LRB- or component of a process , i.e. an enzyme , cell , cell receptor or microorganism -RRB- by half .
According to the FDA , IC50 represents the concentration of a drug that is required for 50 % inhibition in vitro .
It is comparable to an EC50 for agonist drugs .
Sometimes , it is also converted to the pIC50 scale -LRB- - log IC50 -RRB- , in which higher values indicate exponentially greater potency .
In other words , it is the half maximal -LRB- 50 % -RRB- inhibitory concentration -LRB- IC -RRB- of a substance -LRB- 50 % IC , or IC50 -RRB- .
Kansas City is the name of two cities in the United States of America .
Claire Redfield is a fictional main character in the resident evil series of movies and video games .
Her brother Chris Redfield is also in the resident evil series , he is in resident evil 5 .
Cleyzieu is a commune .
2 Maccabees was written in Koine Greek , probably in Alexandria , Egypt , c 124 BC .
2 Maccabees is a sacred book of the Bible which focuses on the Jews ' revolt against Antiochus IV Epiphanes and ends with the defeat of the Syrian general Nicanor in 161 BC by Judas Maccabeus , the hero of the work .
It gives a revised version of the historical events recounted in the first seven chapters of 1 Maccabees .
Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot -LRB- 26 February 1725 - 2 October 1804 -RRB- was a French inventor .
He is believed to have built the first self-propelled mechanical vehicle .
Emphysema is a disease of the lungs .
It occurs when the very small air sacs -LRB- called the alveoli -RRB- at the ends of the airways in the lungs start to break down from many sacs to form much bigger sacs . The alveoli are the areas of the lung where oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged into and out of the blood .
Lee Baxter -LRB- born 17 June 1976 -RRB- is a former Swedish football player .
Drivers did not finish the Grand Prix , but were classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
The FIA World Council approved the 2008 schedule on 24 October 2007 .
It began on March 16 and was over on November 2 after eighteen races .
Super Aguri withdrew from the 2008 Formula One season on 6 May due to financial troubles .
Singapore was Formula One 's first ever night race .
A scandal developed that became known as `` Crashgate '' in the media , during the 2009 season around the time of the Belgium Grand Prix . Claims were made by former Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr. about his crash in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix .
The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th FIA Formula One World Championship season .
Its chemical formula is Hg2Cl2 . It has mercury and chloride ions in it .
Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven , trailed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of who have won six .
Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system .
Hasek has won the most under the current system of honoring the best individual goalie .
The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a new award for the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team that surrenders the fewest goals in regular season play .
Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL General Managers to the most outstanding goaltender .
Before 1981 , it was awarded to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season ; now , the William M. Jennings Trophy is awarded under this previous definition .
Chuck Rayner was the only goaltender to win the Hart Memorial Trophy , but never the Vezina .
Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times .
There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season : Jacques Plante , who won both trophies for the 1961 â `` 62 season ; Dominik Hasek who won both for the 1996 â `` 97 and 1997 â `` 98 seasons ; and Jose Theodore , who won the Vezina and Hart for the 2001-02 NHL season .
The NHL adopted the current criteria for the Vezina Trophy beginning in 1982 .
The Vezina Trophy is awarded every year to the National Hockey League 's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender .
At the end of each season , the 30 General Managers of the teams in the National Hockey League vote to determine the goaltender who was the most valuable to his team during the regular season .
Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy : Roy Worters and Al Rollins .
Until the 1980 â `` 81 season , the trophy was awarded to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team that gave up the least goals during the regular season .
Vezina felt sick during a game in 1925 because he had tuberculosis .
When Vezina died , the trophy was given to the League by the former owners of the Montreal Canadiens , Leo Dandurand , Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich .
In the 1973-74 NHL season , Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against , the only time that there would be a tie between two players from different teams .
Under the original definition , there would often be multiple winners from the same team during one season .
However , it was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence the change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- playing for the team with the fewest goals against .
There have been numerous instances of players receiving the trophy many times in different years , and players tying for the trophy .
The Vezina Trophy was named for Georges VÃ zina , a very good goaltender with the Montreal Canadiens .
The voting is conducted at the end of the regular season by the 30 general managers of the teams in the National Hockey League , and each individual voter ranks their top three candidates on a 5-3-1 points system .
Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs .
The 2007 event was named Vengeance : Night of Champions , as all nine WWE championships were defended that night .
In 2009 , the event was moved back to July .
In 2008 , the event was renamed to Night of Champions , keeping the format of the 2007 event , but dropping the Vengeance name .
The 2003 event was belonged to the SmackDown ! brand , while from 2004 to 2006 , the events were Raw only .
The event started as a pay-per-view under the name Vengeance in 2001 , replacing Armageddon for that year due to the possible insensitivity of the latter 's name with respect to the September 11 attacks .
In 2002 , Vengeance took over Fully Loaded 's pay-per-view spot .
Zemst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
One could therefore wonder whether these were medical models , the town of Smyrna being reputed for its medical school .
The style is reminiscent of Pompei and is situated much more on the side of the grand contemporary paintings than on the heritage of the red-figure pottery .
These vases are characterized by a base painted pink .
The sculptors , imitating the preceding centuries , portray painful moments rendered expressive with three-dimensional compositions , often V-shaped , and anatomical hyper-realism .
In the great statuary , the artist explores themes such as suffering , sleep or old age .
Recent archeological discoveries at the cemetery of Pagasae -LRB- close to modern Volos -RRB- , at the edge of the Pagasetic Gulf , or again at Vergina -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , in the former kingdom of Macedonia , have brought to light some original works .
The neck is decorated with ornamental motifs while four satyrs in high relief are casually seated on the shoulders of the vase .
However , these newer colors are more delicate and do not support heat .
The Hellenistic period is equally the time of development of the mosaic , particularly with the works of Sosos of Pergamon , active in the 2nd century BC and the only mosaic artist cited by Pliny -LRB- XXXVI , 184 -RRB- .
The painting occurred therefore after firing , contrary to the traditional practice .
His taste for trompe l'oeil -LRB- optical illusion -RRB- and the effects of the medium are found in several works attributed to him such as the `` Unswept Floor '' in the Vatican museum , representing the leftovers of a repast -LRB- fish bones , bones , empty shells , etc. -RRB- and the `` Dove Basin '' at the Capitoline Museum , known by means of a reproduction discovered in Hadrian 's Villa .
Few examples of Greek wall paintings have survived the centuries .
The figurines were equally fashionable .
Their mother Gaia , come to their aid , can do nothing and must watch them twist in pain under the blows of the gods .
In a completely different genre , there are the `` grotesques '' , which contrast violently with the canons of `` Greek beauty '' : the koroplathos -LRB- figurine maker -RRB- fashions deformed bodies in tortuous poses â '' hunchbacks , epileptics , hydrocephalics , obese women , etc. .
The Hellenistic period produced some masterpieces like the Gonzaga cameo , now preserved at the Hermitage Museum .
This search is particularly flagrant in the portraits : more than the precision of the traits represented , the artist seeks to represent the character of his\/her subject .
It concerns cutting in relief on a stone composed of several colored layers , allowing the object to be presented in relief through the effects of color .
It started with a simple fortress on the Acropolis -LRB- a very big rock -RRB- . Different Attalid kings added to it and made a huge group of buildings .
Previously reserved for religious use , in Hellenistic Greece the terra cotta figurine was more frequently used for funerary , and even decorative , purposes .
Pergamon did not distinguish itself with its architecture alone : it was also the seat of a brilliant school of sculpture called Pergamene Baroque .
The most representative copies of this style come from Centuripe in Sicily , where a workshop was active until the 3rd century B.C. .
Molded glass continued , notably in the creation of intaglio jewelry .
The work on metal vases took on a new fullness : the artists competed among themselves with great virtuosity .
It is decorated with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing Dionysus surrounded by Ariadne and her procession of satyrs and maenads .
Because of this , only the smaller objects still exist .
Artemis Rospigliosi of the Louvre is probably a copy of one of them ; as for copies of the Dying Gaul , they were very numerous in the Roman period .
The Olympians triumph in it , each on his side , over Giants most of which are transformed into savage beasts : serpents , birds of prey , lions or bulls .
The second temple of Apollo at Didyma was like that . It was twenty kilometers from Miletus in Ionia .
The fragility of the pigments preventing frequent use of these vases , they were reserved for use in funerals .
The jewellers of the time excelled at handling details and filigrees : thus , the funeral wreaths present very realistic leaves of trees or stalks of wheat .
The art of glass developed especially in Italy .
The shapes of the vases are also inspired by the tradition of metal : thus with the lagynos -LRB- pictured here -RRB- , a wine jar typical of the period .
In parallel there subsisted a tradition of polychromatic figurative painting : the artists sought a greater variety of tints than in the past .
In it one sees four doves perched on the edge of a basin filled with water .
For example , the tomb said to be that of Philip II has provided a great frieze representing a royal lion hunt , remarkable by its composition , the arrangement of the figures in space and its realistic representation of nature .
Certain mosaics , however , provide a pretty good idea of the `` grand painting '' of the period : these are copies of frescoes .
The `` grotesques '' are equally common at Tarsus and also at Alexandria .
One such is the Barberini Faun of Munich , representing a sleeping satyr with relaxed posture and anxious face , perhaps the prey of nightmares .
The art of engraving on gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass-produced items that lacked originality .
Sometimes , they were reduced to echoing a form from the great sculptures : thus one finds numerous copies in miniature of the Tyche -LRB- good luck -RRB- of Antioch , of which the original dates to the beginning of the 3rd century BC .
It is believed to be a copy of a work described by Pliny the Elder -LRB- XXXV , 110 -RRB- which had been painted by Philoxenus of Eretria for King Cassander of Macedon at the end of the 4th century BC .
Attalus I -LRB- 269-197 BC -RRB- , to commemorate his victory at Caicus against the Gauls â '' called Galatians by the Greeks â '' had two series of votive groups sculpted : the first , consecrated on the Acropolis of Pergamon , includes the famous Gaul killing himself and his wife , of which the original is lost -LRB- the best copy is in the Massimo alle Terme museum of Rome , see illustration -RRB- ; the second group , offered to Athens , is composed of small bronzes of Greeks , Amazons , gods and giants , Persians and Gauls .
The evolution is similar for the art of jewellery .
Fortunately , during Hellenistic Greece , the raw materials were plentiful following eastern conquests .
An example is the Alexander Mosaic , showing the confrontation of the young conqueror and the Grand King Darius III at the Battle of Issus , a mosaic which adorns the walls of the House of the Faun at Pompeii .
Another phenomenon appears in Hellenistic sculpture : privatization , which involves the recapture of older public patterns in decorative sculpture .
The mosaic allows us to admire the choice of colors , the composition of the ensemble with turning movement and facial expressivity .
In Tanagra , in Boeotia , the figurines , full of lively colors , most often represent elegant women in scenes full of charm .
One of them is watering herself while the others seem to be resting , which creates effects of reflections and shadow perfectly studied by the artist .
At Smyrna , in Asia Minor , two major styles occurred side-by-side : first of all , copies of masterpieces of great sculpture , such as Farnese Hercules in gilt terra cotta .
The refinement of molding techniques made it possible to create true miniature statues , with a high level of detail .
LaocoÃ n , strangled by snakes , tries desperately to loosen their grip without affording a glance at his dying sons .
Many of the large bronze statues were lost - with the majority being melted to recover the material .
At Panagyurishte -LRB- now in Bulgaria -RRB- , skilfully sculpted gold vases have been found : on an amphora , two rearing centaurs form the handles .
The drunk woman , also at Munich , portrays without reservation an old woman , thin , haggard , clutching against herself her jar of wine .
In Derveni , not far from Salonica , a tomb has provided a great krater with bronze volutes dating from approximately 320 BC and weighing 40 kilograms -LRB- Derveni krater -RRB- .
As for the portraits , they are tinged with naturalism , under the influence of Roman art .
This type of retrospective style also exists in ceramics .
Pergamon is a very good example of Hellenistic architecture .
As compensation , the cameo made its appearance .
These characteristics are pushed to their peak in the friezes of the Great Altar of Pergamon , decorated under the order of Eumenes II -LRB- 197-159 BC -RRB- with a gigantomachy stretching 110 metres in length , illustrating in the stone a poem composed especially for the court .
A very big theater has benches stretched out over the sides of the hill , for people to sit on , and is able to hold almost 10,000 people .
The figures , often female , are represented in colored clothing : blue-violet chiton , yellow himation , white veil .
It was in the Hellenistic period that the Greeks , who until then only knew molded glass , discovered the technique of glass blowing , thus permitting new forms .
Or they could simply be caricatures , designed to provoke laughter .
They represented divinities as well as subjects from contemporary life .
Thus , Venus de Milo , even while echoing a classic model , is distinguished by the twist of her hips .
The expression of sentiments , the forcefulness of details â '' bushy hair and moustaches here â '' and the violence of the movements are characteristic of the Pergamene style .
The Hellenistic period is that of the decline of painting on vases .
One finds also more complex relief , based on animals or mythological creatures .
Thus emerged the theme of the `` negro '' , particularly in Ptolemaic Egypt : these statuettes of Black adolescents were successful up to the Roman period .
The most common vases are black and uniform , with a shiny appearance approaching that of varnish , decorated with simple motifs of flowers or festoons .
In this period the insetting of precious stones flourished .
It is also the period when vases in relief appeared , doubtless in imitation of vases made of precious metals : wreaths in relief were applied to the body of the vase , or again the one shown here received veins or gadroons .
Hellenistic sculpture repeats the innovations of the second classicism : perfect sculpture in the round , allowing the statue to be admired from all angles ; study of draping and effects of transparency of clothing ; suppleness of poses .
It has long been necessary to content oneself with studying the Hellenistic influences in Roman frescoes , for example those of Pompeii or Herculaneum .
Progress in bronze casting made it possible for the Greeks to create large works , such as the Colossus of Rhodes , with a height of 32 meters .
Landouzy-la-Cour is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Al-Nasr Benghazi is a football club which plays in Libya .
HercÃ is a commune of 335 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
On the weekend of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , Campos confirmed that Bruno Senna , the nephew of former world champion Ayrton Senna , would be one of their racing drivers for 2010 .
On June 12 , Campos Meta were named by the FIA as one of three new teams granted entry to the 2010 season . .
In October 2009 the team completed a deal with the local government of the Region of Murcia to build new facilities for the team at the Parque TecnolÃ gico Fuente Ã lamo de Murcia science park .
Hispania Racing F1 Team , officially known as HRT F1 Team , is a Spanish Formula One team . It was founded by former driver AdriÃ n Campos , and first known as Campos Meta 1 .
In qualifying , Senna and Chandhok set the two slowest times to share the back row of the starting grid : Chandhok was finally able to complete his car 's first laps at speed .
Chandhok 's did not complete any laps in the Friday practice . The mechanics were unable to make the clutch and gearbox on the car work .
The team 's headquarters were first located at Meta Images 's offices in Madrid , housing marketing and administration . Its technical center is located at Campos Racing 's headquarters in Alzira , Valencia .
It is the first Spanish team to race in Formula One . A previous Spanish effort known as Bravo F1 tried but failed to enter the sport in .
The team 's headquarters were moved to Grupo Hispania 's offices in Murcia .
In January 2010 , A1 Grand Prix principal Tony Teixeira was one of several potential investors linked to the team . The investors were an effort to open up revenue for the 2010 pre-season testing .
On 5 February 2010 , Campos boss AdriÃ n Campos told BBC Sport that the team were struggling to find funding .
In the second session , he completed 17 laps , running over 11 seconds off the pace . He then slid off the track after his wheel came loose .
The team began as a collaboration between AdriÃ n Campos of Campos Racing and Enrique RodrÃ guez of Meta Image , under the name of Campos Meta .
On January 27 , the team admitted that they may not be able to participate in the 2010 pre-season testing , and that their second driver may not be announced until the eve of their first race .
The team made its debut in the season .
With no pre-season testing , the F110 completed its first laps during the weekend of the Bahrain Grand Prix .
When Hispania was still under the Campos name , team owner JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante said in an interview with Autosport that Campos Meta F1\/HRT were eyeing a Ferrari engine supply for the season .
On February 19 , it was announced that majority shareholder JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante had taken over full control of the team from AdriÃ n Campos . Colin Kolles also replaced him as team principal .
Hispania parted company with Dallara in May 2010 . The partnership between the two companies had become tense due to the car 's lack of performance .
The team launched their Cosworth-powered , Dallara-designed car on the same day ; it was called the Hispania F110 .
On March 4 , Karun Chandhok was confirmed as the team 's second driver .
The team is seeking a new technical deal to assist in the construction of its chassis .
On the eve of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone , Hispania announced that Bruno Senna had been dropped for the race . Yest driver Sakon Yamamoto would race in his place .
Colin Kolles said in an interview with Diario AS in July 2010 , that talks about a partnership with Toyota was an option for 2011 .
Season in progress .
Chandhok crashed on the second lap and was out of the race . Senna retired on lap 18 with an overheating engine .
He also denied that F1 hopeful Stefan GP had taken the Campos ' car . He stated that `` we 've got a contract and as long as we 're paying the contract is valid '' .
In February , speculation began as to whether Campos would actually make the 2010 field . The team admitted budgetary problems .
Italian constructor Dallara built the 2010 cars in Parma , which used Cosworth engines .
Campos was running the Formula One operation in conjunction with Meta Image . Meta Image is a Madrid-based sports agency , who managed one of Campos ' F3 Open drivers , Bruno MÃ ndez .
After the race , HRT announced that Senna would return after Silverstone .
Senna described the day 's work as a `` great start '' , considering the team 's lack of preparation .
In March , the team gained shareholders -LRB- investors -RRB- such as Spanish businessman JosÃ RamÃ n Carabante and basketball players Pau Gasol and Jorge Garbajosa .
Campos Racing currently runs a team in the European F3 Open Championship . They also used to run the GP2 Series team now known as Addax Team .
Campos and RodrÃ guez began looking at the possibility of creating Spain 's first Formula One team in February 2009 .
It was paying â 7 million to Dallara stating that `` sometime we have the money sometime we do n't '' .
In Turkish Grand Prix , the team 's test driver Sakon Yamamoto completed the first practice session , and ran the slowest time of the session .
Senna 's car was completed in time for him to complete three installation -LRB- first test lap -RRB- laps in the first free practice session .
Teixeira said the team was aiming to make the second test session and believed that they would `` definitely '' make the third session at Jerez .
Hispania finally had both car finish the race at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna . Chandhok was 3 laps down and Senna was 4 laps down .
The team was re-named to Hispania Racing F1 Team -LRB- HRT -RRB- , with the name taken from Grupo Hispania , one of Carabante 's companies .
Deitingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Joe Paterno is the head coach of the football team .
Historic Scotland is an agency of the Scottish Executive , that is responsible for historic monuments in Scotland .
Talence is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Unalakleet is a city in Alaska .
Junipers is the name for a number of species of coniferous plants in the genus Juniperus . They are related to the family Cupressaceae -LRB- the cypress -RRB- .
It consists of 6 districts :
Presidency Division is a division in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Wilhelmina -LRB- Wilhelmina Helena Pauline Maria ; 31 August 1880 â `` 28 November 1962 -RRB- was queen of the Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1890 to 1948 .
Giampaolo Menichelli -LRB- born 29 June , 1938 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Matt Maiellaro is a creator , writer , director , and voice actor on the Adult Swim program Aqua Teen Hunger Force and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters which he did with Dave Willis .
Filippo Azzaiolo -LRB- 1530 - 1569 -RRB- was an Italian composer . He lived in 16th century .
Azzaiolo worked in Bologna .
OXO is a tic-tac-toe video game , and the first video game ever made .
It was made in 1952 for the EDSAC computer by Alexander S. Douglas for his Ph. D. thesis on human-computer interaction at the University of Cambridge .
Serena Deeb -LRB- born June 29 , 1986 in Oakton , Virginia -RRB- is a American female professional wrestler best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Entertainment on their Smackdown brand under the ring name , Serena where she was part of the wrestling stable Straight Edge Society .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designation Sub to the wide variety of electric multiple units that were used on inner-suburban workings in the South London area .
Originally these units were formed as three-car units , but in the 1940s , all surviving units were increased to four cars by the addition of an ` Augmentation ' trailer .
New four-car units were also built at this time , and these survived in passenger use until late 1983 , by which time British Rail had allocated to them TOPS Class 405 .
This period is marked by the governance of the Kamakura shogunate , which was functionally established in 1192 in Kamakura by Minamoto no Yoritomo .
The older Buddhist sects such as Shingon and Tendai continued to thrive .
The Kamakura period ended in 1333 with the destruction of the shogunate . Imperial rule was re-established under Emperor Go-Daigo .
In the fall of 2006 , the villages of Cavergno and Bignasco were put into the municipality , even though Bignasco did not want to do so .
On 22 October 2006 , Cevio became bigger when it came together with the villages of Bignasco and Cavergno .
In 1858 , the municipality of Linescio broke off from it .
Cevio is the capital of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The actual site of his grave is not known .
This emperor is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- in Kashihara at Nara .
The conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu , who was the 50th monarch of the Yamato dynasty .
This name must must have been regularized many centuries after the lifetime ascribed to Jimmu .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means `` divine might '' or `` god-warrior . ''
The largest city in the state is Memphis , followed by Nashville , the capital of Tennessee . Knoxville is the county seat of Knox County .
Visual Studio Tools for Office -LRB- Sometime written as VSTO -RRB- is an add-on product for Microsoft 's Visual Studio product that enables developers to create applications built on the Microsoft Office .
In 1952 it joined with Baden and WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Tony Meola , Tab Ramos , Tim Howard , Alexi Lalas , Clint Mathis , Jozy Altidore , Michael Bradley , Claudio Reyna and Eddie Pope have all played for the US - team .
The town 's population was measured in 2000 as 24,675 .
Pullman is a city in Whitman County , on the eastern border of Washington .
Labroye is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Starr Gate is at the south-western end of Blackpool on the Fylde coast in the county of Lancashire , England .
The southern terminal loop of the Blackpool Tramway is present at Starr Gate .
The district of South Shore is near Squires Gate and close to Blackpool International Airport .
The southern terminal loop of the Blackpool Tramway is present at Starr Gate . The district of South Shore is near Squires Gate and close to Blackpool International Airport .
The scientific study of plants , known as botany , has identified about 350,000 extant species of plants .
Plants include familiar types such as trees , herbs , bushes , grasses , vines , ferns , mosses , and green algae .
Talagang is a city in Pakistan .
Mars has two little moons , Phobos and Deimos , which are thought to be captured asteroids .
Jermaine LaJaune Jackson aka Muhammad Abdul Aziz -LRB- December 11 , 1954 -RRB- is an American singer , recording artist , dancer and bass guitarist . He is a former member of The Jackson 5 group , brother of Janet Jackson & brother of late American pop star Michael Jackson .
Bukera Sharif is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
It is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka located in the south-west of the district .
December to Dismember -LRB- 1995 -RRB- was a professional wrestling event that took place on December 9 , 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Saint-L Ã ger , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
The 1912 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad , were held in 1912 in Stockholm , Sweden .
28 nations competed in Stockholm .
Alvaneu is a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of GraubÃ 1\/4 nden in Switzerland .
Reina Tanaka is a Japanese female singer .
In 2008 , Reina was also the voice `` Kirara '' , a main character in Sanrio 's anime Onegai My Melody Kirara .
All shows listed were broadcast by the TV Tokyo Corporation , except Kaito Reinya , which is set to be aired on ANN 's KBC TV channel .
Hautecloque , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Fred Astaire , born Frederick Austerlitz -LRB- 10 May 1899 â `` 22 June 1987 -RRB- , was an American dancer , singer and actor .
After her death , he remarried in 1980 to Robyn Smith , a female jockey 45 years his junior .
Daisuke Yano -LRB- born 26 October 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
The length of the hypotenuse can be calculated if the other two sides are known , using Pythagoras ' Theorem . In fact , the length of any side of a right triangle can be calculated if the other two sides are known , using this theorem .
The hypotenuse is the side opposite the 90 degrees angle in a right triangle . It is always the longest side .
This template is used for displaying a date -LRB- day and month only , no year -RRB- in both Old Style and New Style , including a discreet link to the article Old Style and New Style dates .
JosÃ Mari Bakero -LRB- born 11 February 1963 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
This continuo is usually played by two instruments : typically a cello or bass viol and a keyboard instrument such as the harpsichord .
Some of the best trio sonatas are those by Arcangelo Corelli .
The trio sonata by Johann Sebastian Bach that belongs to the The Musical Offering is for violin , flute and continuo .
A trio sonata is written for three voices -LRB- three parts -RRB- , in other words , it can be played by three different instruments .
A trio sonata is a type of music for three instruments which was very popular during the 17th century and early 18th century : the period known as the Baroque period .
Bach also wrote sonatas for one melodic instrument and harpsichord .
Nelson 's Column is a national monument of the United Kingdom based in Trafalgar Square , London , England . The column was built between 1840 and 1843 to commemorate Admiral Horatio Nelson 's death at the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 .
Acer saccharinum , known as the silver maple -LRB- also occasionally the creek maple , river maple , silverleaf maple , soft maple , water maple , or white maple -RRB- , is a species of maple native to eastern North America in the eastern United States and adjacent parts of southeast Canada .
SÃ lvio JosÃ Canuto -LRB- born 17 January 1977 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The Blues Hall of Fame is a list of people who are important in the development of blues music .
The Hall is part of the Blues Foundation , and honors people who have performed , recorded , or documented blues .
The Ottoman government , moving quickly , arrested an estimated 250 Armenian intellectuals on the night of 24 April 1915 .
Shinobu Ikeda -LRB- born 5 January 1962 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Emil Adolf von Behring -LRB- March 15 , 1854 - March 31 , 1917 -RRB- was a German doctor .
He dropped the ` a ' from the end of his name when the credits read `` Drawings by Andrew Warhol '' . Warhol was also famous for painting Campbells and watties soup cans .
Andy Warhol -LRB- born Andrew Warhola , Pittsburgh , August 6 , 1928 - February 22 , 1987 -RRB- was one of the most famous American artists of the later half of the 20th century .
Mars also incorporates reggae and Motown inspired sounds into his work .
Raised in Honolulu , Hawaii by a family of musicians , Mars began making music at a young age .
by Cee Lo Green .
As a child , he was influenced by artists such as Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson and would often try to sing like these artists .
He was nominated for seven Grammys at the 53rd Grammy Awards , winning Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Just the Way You Are '' .
In October 2010 , he released his album , Doo-Wops & Hooligans .
He also helped write the hits `` Right Round '' by Flo Rida featuring Kesha , `` Wavin ' Flag '' by K ` naan , and `` Fuck You ! ''
Jon Caramanica of The New York Times referred to Mars as `` one of the most versatile and accessible singers in pop . ''
After an unsuccessful stint with Motown Records , Mars signed with Atlantic Records in 2009 .
After performing many times in his hometown throughout his childhood , he decided to pursue a musical career and moved to Los Angeles after graduating from high school .
He became recognized as a solo artist after lending his vocals and co-writing the hooks for the songs `` Nothin ' on You '' by B.o. B , and `` Billionaire '' by Travie McCoy .
The album became number three on the Billboard 200 .
Peter Gene Hernandez -LRB- born October 8 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Bruno Mars , is an American singer-songwriter and music producer .
Venanson is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France .
He was one of the founders of La Questione Sociale , the Italian language anarchist paper published in Paterson .
In 1898 , the high bread prices led to demonstrations all over Italy .
Bresci was born in Tuscany , and he went from Italy to the United States , he lived for many time Paterson , New Jersey , where there was a large Italian-American community .
In Monza , where the king was visiting on July 29 , 1900 , he shot him three times .
The people ignored the order to stop , so the General gave the signal of fire with rifles and cannons , resulting in a massacre of innocent people .
Ninety people died , one of whom was Bresci 's sister .
He was sentenced in Milan on August 29 , 1900 , to life imprisonment on the jail of Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene , where lot of other anarchists had also been sent over the years .
In Milan , an unarmed group of workers , women and children marched together for protesting , near the palace , which was surrounded by a strong military force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris .
Less than a year later he was found dead in prison .
Gaetano Bresci -LRB- November 11 , 1869 - May 22 , 1901 -RRB- was an Italian American anarchist who killed Italian King Umberto I. He is still considered a hero by many anarchists and republicans .
King Humbert later decorated Bava-Beccaris , and the king after said thanks to him , for `` the defense of the royal house '' , the king did not do anything for the innocent people died , he decorated the murtder , this is the reason that made Bresci determined to kill the king .
Bresci was captured and put on trial , where he was defended by the anarchist lawyer Francesco Saverio Merlino .
Bresci had his loan to the paper returned -LRB- without telling his comrades why -RRB- , and with the money he went to Italy .
It is not clear whether he committed suicide , as officially announced , or whether he was murdered by his guards .
It 's had many sequels , including We Love Katamari , Me & My Katamari , and Beautiful Katamari .
Katamari Damacy is a third person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console . It 's had many sequels , including We Love Katamari , Me & My Katamari , and Beautiful Katamari .
Katamari Damacy is a third person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console .
Nason is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Abercrombie -LRB- Gaelic : Obar Chrombaidh -RRB- is a small village in Fife , Scotland . It is around 1 mile north of the village of St Monans , and 10 miles south of the town of St Andrews .
Abercrombie was the former name of the parish -LRB- church district -RRB- of St Monans , although both Abercrombie and St Monans had churches .
For other things with the name Abercrombie , please see Abercrombie .
Wilhelm Bodewin Gustav Keitel -LRB- 22 September 1882 in Helmscherode â `` 16 October 1946 in Nuremberg -RRB- was a German field marshal an between 1938 and 1945 the chief of the `` Oberkommando der Wehrmacht '' .
It can be made by oxidation of selenous acid with a strong oxidizing agent , such as potassium permanganate , chlorine , or bromine .
I2P -LRB- means Invisible Internet Project , though it is not commonly referred to by this name anymore -RRB- is a mixed-license free and open source project building an anonymous network -LRB- or , more accurately , a pseudonymous overlay network -RRB- .
The network is a simple layer that applications can use to anonymously and securely send messages to each other .
Possible uses include anonymous surfing , chatting , blogging and file transfers .
It is home to the largest L.L. Bean outlet store .
Freeport is a town in northern Maine .
Infrastructure related to transportation .
Charles Augustus Lindbergh -LRB- February 4 , 1902 â `` August 26 , 1974 -RRB- , known as `` Lucky Lindy '' and `` The Lone Eagle '' , was a pioneering United States airplane pilot famous for making the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927 .
Darkthrone is a black metal band from Norway .
Alfredo Mostarda Filho -LRB- born 18 October , 1946 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Bayreuth is internationally famous for the Bayreuth Festival -LRB- Bayreuther Festspiele -RRB- , a festival of the music of Richard Wagner .
Silver compounds are chemical compounds containing silver ions .
Novaggio is a municipality of the district Lugano , in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Cassandra `` Cass '' Fox is a musical artist from England .
She is best known for co-writing and singing on the 2001 hit single Touch Me which she produced with Rui Da Silva .
The template trys to create the ISO 3166-2 suffix for a named dÃ partement or overseas territory of France . This will be used for the parameter of .
If the first parameter is not the name of the dÃ partement or overseas territory , an empty string will be created .
About 40 % of the Earth 's surface is now underlain by continental crust .
Continental crust is also less dense than oceanic crust , though it is considerably thicker ; mostly 35 to 40 km versus the average oceanic thickness of around 7-10 km .
It is less dense than the material of the Earth 's mantle , which consists of mafic rock .
The continental crust is the layer of granitic , sedimentary , and metamorphic rocks which form the continents and the areas of shallow seabed close to their shores , known as continental shelves .
Guayacanes is a village in the province of Ciego de Ã vila , Cuba .
Sepp Herberger -LRB- born 28 March , 1897 ; â 28 April 1977 -RRB- is a former German football player . He has played for Germany national team .
The blue form is made by reacting ammonium hydroxide with cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide . It turns into cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- oxide when heated .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide is a chemical compound .
Parasitic wasps are typically parasitoids , and extremely diverse in habits , many laying their eggs in inert stages of their host -LRB- egg or pupa -RRB- , or sometimes paralyzing their prey by injecting it with venom through their ovipositor .
Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops .
With most species , adult parasitic wasps themselves do not take any nutrients from their prey , and , much like bees , butterflies , and moths , those that do feed as adults typically derive all of their nutrition from nectar .
The host remains alive until the parasitoid larvae are mature , usually dying either when the parasitoids pupate , or when they emerge as adults .
They then insert one or more eggs into the host or deposit them upon the host externally .
Almost every pest insect species has at least one wasp species that preys upon it or parasitizes it , making wasps critically important in natural control of their numbers -LRB- biocontrol -RRB- .
Most wasps are social insects , like bees and ants , but there are a few solitary wasps . Social wasps are formed of paper wasps , yellow jackets and hornets .
It straddles the border between the London Boroughs of Hackney and Haringey , the postal address and three of the entrances being in the former , and one entrance in the latter .
Manor House tube station is a station on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground , on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3 .
Del City is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Takahashi went to the 2006 Olympics and placed 8th .
He won the Japanese national championships in 2006 and 2007 .
Crudup was born in Forest , Mississippi , and worked as a migrant worker until he and his family went back to Mississippi in 1926 .
He died in the Nassawadox hospital in Northampton County , Virginia , also on the Eastern Shore in 1974 .
Arthur `` Big Boy '' Crudup -LRB- August 24 , 1905 -- March 28 , 1974 -RRB- was a delta blues singer and guitarist .
Caplong is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Stuart Baxter -LRB- born 16 August 1953 -RRB- is a former English football player .
It was first used for the European Grand Prix on 24 August 2008 .
One section of the circuit uses a 140 metre long swing bridge . It also includes some roads designed to be used only for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke .
There have only been 4 recorded passes in the first race held in 2008 , and no passes in 2009 .
The track was first used in the last weekend of July 2008 . The circuit hosted a round of the Spanish F3 Championship and International GT Open .
It is estimated that the track has a top speed of around 323 k. Valencia is not as tight as Circuit de Monaco .
The Valencia Street Circuit is a semi-permanent street circuit in Valencia Spain .
The circuit will host the Formula One European Grand Prix for seven years starting in The first Formula One race on the circuit was held on 24 August 2008 , with Felipe Massa winning the event , the European Grand Prix .
The circuit has been criticised by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites .
The track is 5.419 k long and incorporates a total of 25 turns . There are 11 right-hand turns and 14 left-hand turns .
The official track layout was unveiled by Valencia councillor and transport minister , Mario Flores , on 19 July 2007 .
The San Antonio Spurs are a team in the National Basketball Association in San Antonio , Texas .
Harvey is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Ixelles in French or Elsene in Dutch is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region .
Mega Man Star Force 2 , known in Japan as Shooting Star Rockman 2 is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS game console .
It is the sequel to Mega Man Star Force , and will have a sequel in 2008 .
The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the highest elected office in the United Kingdom .
The current Prime Minister is David Cameron who succeeded Gordon Brown on 11 May 2010 .
The Tri-Cities are a group of 3 cities in Washington . They are Richland , Pasco , and Kennewick .
In 2001 there were 32,972 people living in Exmouth .
Zequinha -LRB- born 18 November , 1934 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Valoux is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
This articles list major events that occurred in the United Kingdom in the year 2010 .
Teruki Miyamoto -LRB- born 26 December 1940 - died 2 February 2000 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is the most important part of gasoline , because it is the part which produces most of the energy that comes from gasoline when it is burned . A high octane fuel will be more productive than a low octane fuel .
The medical tradition dates back long before the university began . The first hospital began in the silver-mining city of Schwaz nearby in 1307 .
Because people grew as years went by , a medical faculty was added to the university , begun in 1669 by Emperor Leopold I , making it the first of its kind in the Alpine region .
The Innsbruck Medical University -LRB- German : Medizinische UniversitÃ t Innsbruck -RRB- is a university in Innsbruck , Austria .
It used to be one of the four historical faculties of the Leopold-Franzens-Universit Ã t Innsbruck , but it became an independent -LRB- by itself -RRB- university in 2004 .
They are situated where the Caribbean Sea meets the western Atlantic Ocean .
The Leeward Islands are the northern islands of the Lesser Antilles chain of islands , part of the West Indies .
The southern part of the Lesser Antilles chain is called the Windward Islands .
Abrams is a town in Oconto County , Wisconsin , United States .
1,757 people were living in Abrams as of the 2000 Census .
Ungulates -LRB- meaning roughly `` hoofed '' or `` hoofed animal '' -RRB- are several groups of mammals most of which use the tips of their toes , usually hoofed , to sustain their whole bodyweight whilst moving .
An atoll is a kind of island .
Matthew `` Matt '' Moore Hardy -LRB- born September 23 , 1974 -RRB- is a professional wrestler who is working for TNA .
In September 1917 the Ottomans caught one of her carrier pigeons which they then worked out -LRB- decrypted -RRB- and found out where she was .
Only a few animals are found deep in caves . Bats often live in caves .
Recently , Riordan has stated that he is working on a new series based upon the Egyptian pantheon , which then turned out to be The Kane Chronicles , with the first book , The Red Pyramid , to be released May 4 , 2010 .
He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin where he double-majored in English and history .
Riordan is the multi-award-winning author of the Tres Navarre mystery series for adults ; his The Maze of Bones reached number one on the New York Times Best Seller list on September 28 , 2008 .
He also wrote the Tres Navarre mystery series for adults and helped to edit Demigods and Monsters , a collection of essays on the topic of his Percy Jackson series .
Riordan was born in San Antonio , Texas .
Film rights were purchased by Twentieth Century Fox and a feature film was released on February 12 , 2010 .
His Percy Jackson and the Olympians series features a twelve-year-old boy who discovers he is the modern-day son of an ancient Greek god .
Richard Russell `` Rick '' Riordan , Jr. -LRB- born June 5 , 1964 -RRB- is the author of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series .
He was awarded St. Mary 's Hall 's first Master Teacher Award in 2002 .
He helped develop the 10 books in The 39 Clues series , published by Scholastic Corporation , and wrote the first book in the series , The Maze of Bones .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
Middleton is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Anatoliy Tymoshchuk -LRB- born 30 March 1979 -RRB- is an Ukrainian football player . He plays for Bayern Munich and Ukraine national team .
Nikolai Suetin used suprematist motifs on works at the St. Petersburg Lomonosov Porcelain Factory where Malevich and Chashnik were also employed , and Malevich designed a suprematist teapot .
This development in artistic expression came about when Russia was in a revolutionary state , ideas were in ferment , and the old order was being swept away .
He created a suprematist ` grammar ' based on fundamental geometric forms ; in particular , the square and the circle .
Malevich 's architectural projects were known after 1922 Arkhitektoniki .
`` Black Square '' was painted in 1915 and was a breakthrough in his career and in art in general .
As the new order became established , and Stalinism took hold from 1924 on , the state began limiting the freedom of artists .
The centerpiece of his show was the Black Square , placed in what is called the red\/beautiful corner in Russian Orthodox tradition , the place of the main icon in a house .
Another part of the formalism was low regard for triangles which were dismissed as ancient , pagan , or Christian .
I felt only night within me and it was then that I conceived the new art , which I called Suprematism .
There was some crossover with constructivism , with suprematists such as Lyuba Popova and especially El Lissitzky working on propaganda and industrial design .
Lissitzky spread suprematist ideas abroad in the early 1920s .
Malevich also painted White on White which marked a breakthrough from polychrome to monochrome suprematism .
From the late 1920s the Russian avant-garde experienced direct and harsh criticism from the authorities and in 1934 the doctrine of socialist realism became official policy , and prohibited abstraction and different artistic expression .
Some of the titles to paintings in 1915 express the concept of a non-euclidean geometry which imagined forms in movement , or through time ; titles such as : Two dimensional painted masses in the state of movement .
The suprematists also made architectural models in the 1920s which offered a different conception of socialist buildings to those developed in constructivist architecture .
Designs emphasized the right angle , with similarities to De Stijl and Le Corbusier , and were justified with an ideological connection to communist governance and equality for all .
In 1915 , Malevich exhibited his early experiments in suprematist painting .
Salmonella is closely related to the Escherichia genus and are found worldwide in cold - and warm-blooded animals -LRB- including humans -RRB- , and in the environment .
They cause illnesses like typhoid fever , paratyphoid fever , and the foodborne illness .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- Salmonella is typically pronounced \/ Ë sÃ lmÉ Ë nÉ lÉ \/ voicing the initial letter `` L , '' since it is named for pathologist Daniel Elmer Salmon .
Hans Cieslarczyk -LRB- born 3 May , 1937 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Daisuke Tanaka -LRB- born 6 January 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for MIO Biwako Kusatsu .
There were two cellos that Du PrÃ usually played . One was a Stradivari cellos , the Stradivarius made in 1673 , and the other was made in 1712 and was called the Davydov Stradivarius .
It was the Peresson cello that du PrÃ played for the rest of her career until 1973 , including a second , live recording of the Elgar Concerto , and her last studio recording in 1971 of the sonatas by Frederic Chopin and CÃ sar Franck .
Her last public concerts were in New York in February 1973 , where she was going to play four performances of the Brahms Double Concerto with the violinist Pinchas Zukerman , and Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic .
She performed with the 1673 Stradivarius from 1961 until 1964 when she got the Davydov .
She performed at the The Proms in 1963 playing the Elgar concerto again , with Sir Malcolm Sargent .
After her death a rose was named after her by the Royal Horticultural Society .
Du PrÃ later said she had difficulty in opening the cello case .
From 1969 to 1970 du PrÃ played a Francesco Goffriller cello , and in 1970 she got a modern instrument from the Philadelphia violin maker Sergio Peresson .
Jacqueline du PrÃ met pianist Daniel Barenboim on New Year 's Eve in 1966 .
Both instruments were gifts from her godmother .
She regularly performed with conductors such as Barbirolli , Sir Adrian Boult , Sir Malcolm Sargent , Daniel Barenboim -LRB- her husband -RRB- , Zubin Mehta , and Leonard Bernstein .
They were married the following June -LRB- 1967 -RRB- at the Western Wall in Jerusalem . As her husband was Jewish , she converted to Judaism .
In 1965 , when she was 20 , she recorded the Elgar concerto for EMI with the London Symphony Orchestra and Sir John Barbirolli .
Du PrÃ performed at the Proms every year until 1969 .
She performed the Elgar Concerto for her last London concerts in February 1973 with Zubin Mehta and the New Philharmonia Orchestra .
Many of her most famous recordings were made on this instrument , including the Elgar Concerto with Barbirolli , the Robert Schumann Cello Concerto with Barenboim and the two Brahms cello sonatas .
In 1971 , Jacqueline du PrÃ â s started to suffer from multiple sclerosis . She began to lose feeling in her fingers , as well as in other parts of her body .
She played with the worldâ s greatest orchestras and conductors , including the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra , London Symphony Orchestra , London Philharmonic , New Philharmonia Orchestra , BBC Symphony Orchestra , New York Philharmonic , Israel Philharmonic , and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra .
She took part in a masterclass with Pablo Casals in Zermatt , Switzerland in 1960 , and had some lessons with Paul Tortelier in Paris in 1962 , and with Mstislav Rostropovich in Russia in 1966 .
In March 1961 , when she was 16 , du PrÃ gave her first concert at the Wigmore Hall , London , and she played the Elgar Cello Concerto in 1962 in the Royal Festival Hall with the BBC Symphony Orchestra conducted by Rudolf Schwarz .
The music building of St Hilda 's College , Oxford is named after her .
Du PrÃ â s main teacher , from 1955 to 1961 , both privately and at the Guildhall School of Music in London , was the famous cellist William Pleeth .
When she was four Jacqueline heard the sound of a cello on the radio and she told her mother she wanted `` one of those . ''
She started with lessons from her mother , who composed little pieces with little drawings . Then , when she was five , she went to the London Violoncello School .
His mother was a talented pianist who taught at the Royal Academy of Music .
Her first teacher was Alison Dalrymple .
Jacqueline du PrÃ was born in Oxford , England .
Ittenthal is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Vieille - Ã glise is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
A microwave oven is one of the fastest ways of cooking .
Xabier Prieto -LRB- born 29 August 1983 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Real Sociedad .
It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico weakening into a minimal 115 mph .
Ike killed 7 people as it effected nearly the whole county of Cuba .
As Ike moved inland , it brought moderate flooding and wind damage during the Midwest and as far north as Pennsylvania .
ACE is a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time , as well as strong hurricanes , have high ACEs .
A tropical disturbance in the eastern Caribbean Sea was in an area not expecting any development in the second week of October .
An area of low pressure stopped moving in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for the first few days at the beginning of November .
ACE is only officially released for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots -LRB- 39 mph , 63 km\/h -RRB- or tropical storm strength .
Tropical Depression Thirteen formed from a very small but well-organized low in the Bay of Campeche on October 6 .
After crossing into the Atlantic , Fay turned westward again and crossed northern Florida on August 22 .
It degenerated to a remnant low on October 18 .
This is the list of names were used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2008 .
Paloma caused up to $ 315 million -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- in damage in the area Paloma affected .
The depression was upgraded to a tropical storm later the same day as it passed to the south of the Cape Verde islands .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it did explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an guessed pressure drop of 43 mbars , from 991 to 948 mbars ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 mbar , from 996 to 935 mbars . Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
High amounts of flooding happened in much of eastern Florida , along with some wind damage .
At one point , tropical storm-force winds were estimated to extend only 10 miles from the center , which makes it the smallest tropical cyclone on record , beating Cyclone Tracy .
The Bolivar Peninsula was worst affected by the surge , while Galveston Island -LRB- where waves topped the seawall -RRB- and the Port Arthur areas also saw a lot of damage .
On October 1 it became `` post-tropical '' -LRB- in the forecaster 's words -RRB- as it moved over cooler waters .
Early on July 1 , a strong and big tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa .
It was upgraded to a tropical storm later that day and named Hanna .
At one point , the diameter of Ike 's tropical storm and hurricane force winds were 550 and 240 miles -LRB- 885 and 390 km -RRB- making Ike one of the biggest Atlantic hurricane recorded .
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26 .
This energy aloft helped to organize a surface low along the shearline early on August 2 , which slowly organized over the following day .
It continued northward and maintained hurricane strength until landfall near Yarmouth , Nova Scotia in Canada late on September 28 .
A disturbance formed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August .
Tropical Depression Eight formed on August 28 from a low pressure area east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands .
It meandered around Puerto Rico and Hispaniola , dumping lots of rain across those islands causing a significant amount of damage , despite never developing a closed circulation .
On September 1 it became Tropical Depression Nine while west of the Cape Verde islands and strenthend into a tropical storm later that day , when it was given the name Ike .
Marco dissipated that night as the small circulation moved inland .
The National Hurricane Center said that this tropical cyclone was predicted by up to a week in advance by many global computer models .
It was the first tropical storm to receive this female name . Paloma then made landfall in Cuba and moved slowly and quickly dissipated on November 9 .
It remained a hurricane through that night and it changed little in intensity through the next day , but that evening Omar intensified quickly and became a 115 mph Category 3 storm , and became a 125 mph -LRB- 205 km\/h -RRB- storm the next morning .
The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to keep convection over its center for at least 12 hours .
Bertha again began to quickly strengthen on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical .
It tracked westward into the Caribbean Sea where it encountered better conditions for cyclone development , and became a tropical depression on the morning of August 25 , west of the Windward Islands .
A few hours later , Kyle became extratropical as the cold waters of the Bay of Fundy took effect .
On July 12 , Bertha slowed in movement , and was close to becoming still and by July 13 this slow movement weakened the storm to tropical storm strength .
On August 15 , a closed circulation was found and the system was named Tropical Storm Fay .
At least 537 deaths have been blamed on Hanna , most in Haiti .
A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico .
The next day it became Tropical Storm Paloma .
Hanna changed into an extratropical cyclone as it moved offshore from Massachusetts early on September 7 .
Some forecasters question whether Arthur 's very short lifespan would have been reported and named in the years prior to today 's technology .
After strengthening slowed for a few hours , another round of quick strengthening happened and Gustav was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane during a hurricane hunter flight around 1pm -LRB- EDT -RRB- , with 145 mph winds .
On a scale that ranges from 1 to 6 , with 6 being highest destructive potential , Ike earned a 5.2 .
Later that day Fay caused heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola causing a major flash flood threat .
Other systems have formed -LRB- such as Subtropical Storm Andrea in 2007 -RRB- , but were subtropical .
Marco made landfall near Veracruz , Mexico the next morning at the same intensity .
Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
In general , Maritimers were spared of the expected damage .
After some strengthening on July 6 , Bertha was upgraded to a hurricane early on July 7 as satellite and microwave imagery indicated an eye feature had formed .
It finally became extratropical on July 20 southwest of Iceland .
Integrated Kinetic Energy is a measure of storm surge damaging potential , similar to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale , though the IKE is more complex and in many ways more accurate .
It was not till October 14 that it was then called Tropical Depression Sixteen .
As it zigzagged from water to land , it became the first storm in Florida recorded history to make landfall four times .
It continued to strengthen that morning .
Power was knocked out to most of the Houston area and windows were blown out of skyscrapers in downtown Houston .
It re-organized further south into a strong tropical storm once again on August 28 before speeding up and hitting Jamaica .
It made landfall on Galveston Island on September 13 as a strong category 2 hurricane , but its big size brought storm surge of over 12 feet from Galveston Island eastward into southern Louisiana .
By early the next day , a surface low developed and the wave became more organized .
When Arthur made landfall on Belize , it caused an estimated $ 78 million USD worth of damage and killed 5 people
During the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season there was a total of sixteen named storms : 16 tropical storms , 8 hurricanes and 5 major hurricanes .
The names were replaced with Gonzalo , Isaias , and Paulette .
It weakened into a strong Category 3 late in the afternoon of September 7 as it headed for landfall on the northeastern coastline of Cuba that evening .
A strong tropical disturbance tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September .
At 8 a.m. CDT on the 2nd September it was reported to have weakened to category 2 .
The season started on June 1 and ended on November 30 , but Tropical Storm Arthur formed two days early on May 30 , 2008 .
On April 22 , 2009 , World Meteorological Organization retired the names Gustav , Ike , and Paloma from its rotating name lists .
It tracked south of Cape Verde and slowly developed .
A tropical disturbance formed off the coast of Africa near the end of August .
It became extratropical on September 14 .
Omar quickly strengthened into a 70 mph -LRB- 110 km\/h -RRB- storm that afternoon , and became a hurricane that night .
It strengthened to Tropical Storm Omar the next day .
It moved south of Cape Verde and slowly strenthend .
Six hours after becoming a depression , it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha , the second named storm of the season .
As it moved inland , the system weakened into a tropical depression by afternoon .
Kyle was upgraded to a hurricane during the afternoon of September 27 .
The list is the same as the 2002 list except for Ike and Laura , because Isidore and Lili were bad storms in 2002 , and there names were retired .
As it entered warmer waters , it slowly gained tropical characteristics and was declared Subtropical Storm Laura early on September 29 .
On the morning of August 30 , it was upgraded to a Category 3 major hurricane .
A strong tropical wave moved into the northeastern Caribbean in mid-August .
Ike also had the second highest IKE -LRB- Integrated Kinetic Energy -RRB- of any Atlantic storm in the past 40 years .
Gustav has killed 78 people in Haiti , the Dominican Republic , and Jamaica , while 7 are still missing in Haiti .
On September 2 it became Tropical Depression Ten while south-southeast of the southernmost Cape Verde islands .
The table on the right shows the ACE for each storm in the season .
It dissipated inland that evening , never becoming a tropical storm .
By September 24 , it began to track northward away from the islands and into the open Atlantic water , and became a tropical storm on September 25 .
It caused heavy rain across the Leeward Islands and into Puerto Rico before tracking westward , while unable to develop a low-level circulation although it was producing tropical storm-force winds .
Omar became a weak Category 4 early that morning .
The depression organized further and developed two distinct bands of convection .
The formation of Arthur also marks the first time that a named storm formed in May for two consecutive years in , and just the third time in over 150 years of record -LRB- a storm did form in May for three straight seasons : 1932-1934 ; 1889-1890 was the other occurrence . -RRB-
The system moved over YucatÃ n Peninsula slowly and dissipated on land early on June 2 .
Fast strengthening continued that afternoon and Bertha strengthened into a major hurricane with 125 mph -LRB- 195 km\/h -RRB- winds and a well-defined eye .
On November 5 the low pressure system became Tropical Depression Seventeen while just east of Nicaragua .
A few days later it weakened back to a tropical depression . On September 6 it dissipated in the open waters of the Atlantic .
The strengthening trend stopped early on July 8 , due to wind shear , and Bertha quickly weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane that afternoon .
A tropical disturbance formed off the coast of Africa near the end of August .
While drifting across the region , upper-level winds calmed down enough for the tropical disturbance to strengthen and to develop into Tropical Depression Fifteen on October 13 .
Tropical Storm Arthur formed near the Belize coast late on May 30 , , forming out of the interaction between a tropical wave and what was left of Tropical Storm Alma , which was a tropical storm in the East Pacific . Arthur made landfall in Belize on May 31 .
On August 29 , it strengthened back into a hurricane .
Damage from Ike is guessed at $ 31.5 billion -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- , the third most damaging hurricane in U.S. history , behind Katrina in 2005 and Andrew in 1992 .
It ripped across Great Inagua Island and Grand Turk Island , where 80 % of the buildings on Grand Turk were seriously damaged or completely destroyed .
It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura .
Ike was an extremely big and strong storm .
In addition , the storm killed at least 74 people in Haiti and 1 person in the Dominican Republic .
As Ike crossed Cuba on September 8 it weakened to a Category 1 hurricane and emerged into the Caribbean Sea , where it moved along or just off of the southern coast of Cuba .
Fay crossed Hispaniola , Cuba , and hit south Florida beginning late on August 18 , slowly tracking northeastward across the peninsula .
As it moved over cooler waters , it weakened a bit to a tropical storm late on July 19 .
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph -LRB- 100 km\/h -RRB- winds that afternoon .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining strength and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
The NHC upgraded Bertha to a category two hurricane with winds of 105 mph -LRB- 170 km\/h -RRB- and stated that Bertha could strengthen further to a major hurricane again , but instead weakened into an 85 mph -LRB- 135 km\/h -RRB- category 1 hurricane .
The storm made landfall in Southeast Texas near Port Arthur on the morning of August 5 as a strong tropical storm .
Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba , firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province , causing severe damage , although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused .
Subtropical storms are not included in season totals .
It then weakened into a tropical storm on the evening of August 27 .
Hanna wandered around the southeastern Bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated Haiti .
It was the most damaging hurricane in Texas history .
This storm caused up to $ 150 million in damage -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- , and may have caused at least 75 deaths .
However , wind shear and dry air quickly weakened Omar to a minimal hurricane that afternoon as it raced towards the northeast at 26 mph -LRB- 41 km\/h -RRB- .
On September 1 , while Hanna was moving very near to the island of Mayaguana in the Bahamas , it was upgraded to Category 1 hurricane status .
Fay weakened into a tropical depression along the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
In the last week of September , a very large non-tropical system over the north-central Atlantic slowly moved westward away from the Azores .
Sablons , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Parcieux is a commune .
Fabricio Coloccini -LRB- born 22 January 1982 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for Newcastle United and Argentina national team .
One can find it in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .
Most of the species have yellow flowers , but a few have white , orange , red , pink or purple flowers .
Ashes of broom were used to treat dropsy , while its strong smell was said to be able to tame wild horses and dogs .
The brooms belong to the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae , mainly in the three genera Chamaecytisus , Cytisus and Genista , but also in five other small genera -LRB- see box , right -RRB- .
All genera in this group are from the tribe Genisteae -LRB- syn .
These genera are all closely related and share similar characteristics of dense , slender green stems and very small leaves , adaptations to dry growing conditions .
Like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered with golden-yellow flowers .
In late summer , its pea-pod like seed capsules burst open , often with an audible pop , spreading seed from the parent plant .
A traditional rhyme from Sussex says : `` Sweep the house with blossed broom in May\/sweep the head of the household away . ''
Many brooms -LRB- though not all -RRB- are fire-climax species , adapted to regular stand-replacing fires which kill the above-ground parts of the plants , but create conditions for regrowth from the roots and also for germination of stored seeds in the soil .
Despite this , it was also common to include a decorated bundle of broom at weddings .
All the brooms and their relatives -LRB- including Laburnum and Ulex -RRB- grow in Europe , north Africa and southwest Asia . The greatest diversity one can find in the Mediterranean region .
It makes a shrub about 1 â `` 3m tall , rarely to 4m . It is also the hardiest broom , tolerating temperatures down to about -25 Â C.
Norman Jay Coleman -LRB- May 16 , 1827 -- November 3 , 1911 -RRB- was a newspaper publisher and the first United States Secretary of Agriculture .
His career in politics continued when he was made the Lieutenant Governor of Missouri from 1875 to 1877 .
He was a member of the Freemasons .
Under the administration of President Grover Cleveland , he served as its first Secretary .
He received a law degree from the University of Louisville Law School in 1849 .
As a result of the newspaper , Coleman became an important person in the Missouri farming community , which helped him become a member of the Missouri House of Representatives .
Colemanâ s newspaper stopped due to the American Civil War , but three years after the war he started the Colemanâ s Rural World .
In 1855 he started the Valley Farmer newspaper .
His position as Secretary of Agriculture was never confirmed by the United States Senate .
Coleman was born in Richfield Springs , New York in 1827 to Hamilton and Nancy Coleman .
Coleman then moved to Missouri and went into farming .
Victoria 's son Edward VII and his son George V reigned as members of this house .
When he heard about the change of name , German Emperor William II joked that he wanted to see Shakespeare 's play The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha .
Therefore her descendants are members of the ducal family of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha with the house name of Wettin .
Queen Victoria married Prince Albert , son of Duke Ernst I of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha .
Saint-Yzan-de-Soudiac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Coffeen is a city of Illinois in the United States .
-LRB- Maryam -RRB- ; Septuagint Greek Î Î Ï Î Î Î 1\/4 , Mariam , Î Î Ï Î Î , Maria ; Syriac : Mart Maryam -RRB- was the mother of Jesus .
There are many feast days which honor the Virgin Mary , such as the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin on 8 September which remembers her birth .
Henry III was unable to be crowned in London when he first came to the throne because the French prince Louis -LRB- later Louis VIII -RRB- had taken control of the city .
So the king was crowned in Gloucester Cathedral , but this coronation was deemed by the Pope to be improper , and a further coronation was held in the Abbey on 17 May 1220 .
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the cleric in the coronation ceremony .
Until the 19th century , Westminster was the third seat of learning in England , after Oxford and Cambridge .
From 1301 to 1996 -LRB- except for 1950 when it was briefly stolen by Scottish nationalists -RRB- , the chair also housed the Stone of Scone upon which the kings of Scotland are crowned .
King Edward 's Chair -LRB- or St Edward 's Chair -RRB- , is the throne on which British sovereigns sit when the crown is put on their heads . It is kept in the Abbey , and has been used at every coronation since 1308 .
It was here that the first third of the King James Bible Old Testament and the last half of the New Testament were translated .
Since the coronations in 1066 of both King Harold and William the Conqueror , coronations of English and British monarchs were held in the Abbey .
Although the Stone is now kept in Scotland , at future coronations the Stone will be returned briefy to St Edward 's Chair for the moment of coronation .
The New English Bible was also put together here in the 20th century .
Prior to that he had been their test driver . He has also competited in the GP2 Series for the DAMS team .
His younger brother , Daisuke , is also a racing driver .
He also raced in the Japanese GT300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the season .
Nakajima is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima .
He qualifyed 10th and finish eighth and scored a point .
Nakajima stayed in Japanese Formula Three for 2005 , finishing second .
Nakajima scored again at the British Grand Prix .
Kazuki Nakajima -LRB- born 11 January 1985 in Okazaki , Aichi , Japan is a Formula One racing driver . He drove for the Williams-Toyota team from to .
He then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix .
He had a successful start to 2008 at the Australian Grand Prix . He finishing seventh but promoted to sixth after Rubens Barrichello was disqualified .
He progressed onto Japanese Formula Three in 2004 , winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers ' Championship .
It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz , Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in Brazilian Grand Prix .
Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico HÃ 1\/4 lkenberg for 2010 , leaving Nakajima without a seat .
Nakajima scored two points at Monaco .
Nakajima scored two points at Monaco . He was the first Japanese Formula One driver to scored a point at Monaco .
In 2002 , Nakajima won a scholarship in Formula Toyota , which he became champion in a year later .
The FIA ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage . That left Nakajima with no ride in Formula One for 2010 .
Nakajima also served as Williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 km of testing for the team .
Nakajima 's first year in GP2 finished with no wins , but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie .
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team .
Nakajima 's debut in a Formula One car came at Fuji Speedway during November 2006 , where he completed four demonstration laps in wet conditions .
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the season .
In Singapore , Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time .
His father had been backed by Toyota 's arch-rivals Honda through his career .
Stefan GP announced on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team 's drivers , .
At the Australian Grand Prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
He crashed two laps from the end of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place .
In November 2006 , Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season .
Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota he would shield himself against any claims that his father had promoted his career .
Nakajima moved to the Formula Three Euroseries in 2006 .
Nakajima started his career in racing in 1996 , when he started karting .
Stefan GP was not accepted as an entrant in the Formula One world championship .
Nakajima finished tenth in the race . He set the fifth fastest lap â `` quicker than his team-mate Nico Rosberg , who finished fourth .
Greetings may be different from culture to culture . These are some greetings used a lot in the English language :
Suuresadama is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Omissy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Keiju Karashima -LRB- born 24 June 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Extending the definition of remainder for real numbers as described above is not of theoretical importance in mathematics ; however , many programming languages implement this definition -- see modulo operation .
If a and d are integers , with d non-zero , then a remainder is an integer r such that a = qd + r for some integer q , and with 0 â r -LRB- d .
42 = 8 -LRB- 5 -RRB- + -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
If the quotient is constrained to being an integer however , the concept of remainder is still necessary .
As in the case of division of integers , the remainder could be required to be negative , that is , - d -LRB- r â 0 .
This ambiguity in the value of the remainder is not very serious ; in the case above , the negative remainder is obtained from the positive one just by subtracting 5 , which is d. This holds in general .
It can be proved that there exists a unique integer quotient q and a unique real remainder r such that a = qd + r with 0 â r -LRB- d .
When a and d are real numbers , with d non-zero , a can be divided by d without remainder , with the quotient being another real number .
When defined this way , there are two possible remainders .
If a and d are natural numbers , with d non-zero , it can be proved that there exist unique integers q and r , such that a = qd + r and 0 â r -LRB- d. The number q is called the quotient , while r is called the remainder .
So the remainder is then either 3 or 2 .
For example , the division of 42 by 5 can be expressed as either
When dividing by d , if the positive remainder is r1 , and the negative one is r2 , then
In arithmetic , the result of the division of two integers usually can not be expressed with an integer quotient , unless a remainder -- an amount `` left over '' -- is also accepted .
Many of the cast have said that there will be a Hannah Montana Movie .
The series stars Miley Cyrus as Miley Stewart . Miley is a normal girl who is also a popstar named Hannah Montana .
Filming should take place sometime in spring 2008 , and should be released in late 2008 or early 2009 .
The film will be released in cinemas on April 10 , 2009 .
Renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies , including solar photovoltaics , solar thermal power plants , solar heating and cooling systems , wind power , hydroelectricity , geothermal power , biomass , and ocean energy systems .
Washington University of St. Louis is a research university in St. Louis .
Naoya Tamura -LRB- born 20 November 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Vanilla Ninja is a music group made up of four girls named Lenna Kuurmaa , Katrin Siska , Piret JÃ rvis and ex - Triinu Kivilaan & Maarja Kivi The band has had some popular songs in Europe and they were in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2005 .
Rodrigo Gral -LRB- born 21 February 1977 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
A territory -LRB- from the word ` terra ' , which means ` land ' -RRB- is an area which belongs to a person , organization , institution , animal or state .
Unlike in the U.S. , no airplay statistics are used for the official UK Singles Chart .
The full chart lists the top 200 singles . These are judged by combined record sales and download numbers , though some media outlets only list the Top 40 -LRB- such as the BBC -RRB- or the Top 75 -LRB- such as Music Week Magazine -RRB- of this list .
The UK Singles Chart is made by The Official Charts Company -LRB- OCC -RRB- for the British record industry .
Around 6,500 UK stores help with sales data , as well as most UK online digital download stores .
The districts typically have populations of 174,000 to 1.1 million .
In 1986 the old metropolitan county councils were abolished by the Local Government Act 1985 and most of their functions were given to the boroughs , so they are to a large extent unitary authorities .
The new metropolitan boroughs replaced the county boroughs , municipal boroughs and urban and rural districts which existed before .
Some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as Passenger Transport Authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
A metropolitan borough -LRB- or metropolitan district -RRB- is a type of local government district in England and covers urban areas within metropolitan counties .
Ciudad Real -LRB- this translates to Royal City -RRB- is a city in Spain . It is the capital of the province with the same name , in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha .
A square foot is a way to measure area . It is the area made by a square that has 1 foot sides .
However , the driftwood provides shelter and food for birds , fish and other aquatic species as it floats in the ocean .
Gribbles , shipworms and bacteria decompose the wood and gradually turn it into nutrients that are reintroduced to the food web .
Driftwood is wood that has been washed onto the shore of a sea , river , or lake by winds , tides , waves or man .
Many people use driftwood as parts of decorative furniture or other art forms , and it is a popular element in the scenery of fish tanks .
According to Norse mythology , the first humans , Ask and Embla , were formed out of two pieces of driftwood , an ash and an elm , by the god Odin and his brothers , Ve and Vili .
Driftwood carried by Arctic rivers was the main , or sometimes only , source of wood for some Inuit and other Arctic populations living north of the tree-line until they came into regular contact with European traders .
In some waterfront areas , driftwood is a major nuisance .
Sometimes , the partially decomposed wood washes ashore , where it also shelters birds , plants , and other species .
Driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
It is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially shallow lakes .
It breeds in southern Asia from southern Pakistan .
The Spot-billed Pelican -LRB- Pelecanus philippensis -RRB- is a member of the pelican family .
Courteron is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Decent people wo n't believe too many angry remarks that others say about you .
Those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual confrontation , at least for a few weeks or months .
Plus , even a small percentage , of users , is a considerable number of difficult users .
Simple Wikipedia has roughly thousand registered users , so if the vast bulk of people were jerks , then every article would be totally trashed , and every user-page would be filled with warring insults added by everyone else .
Then , later , try to improve some other significant article , which is not a battleground for such controversies .
Consequently , they are encountered , every few days , and even though rare , they know how to be difficult .
So it is not a real problem , like it might be in live social settings , where typically , insults must be backed by some real facts to convince others .
The vast majority of Wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
Avoiding those users also means avoiding several significant articles where they obsess and dwell .
However , remember , in general , when it comes to your `` bad '' wiki-reputation , no one really cares .
Even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : `` The inmates are running the asylum '' .
If people really cared about that , then certainly all difficult users would have been banned for their reputations , many years ago , banned from the wiki-Solar System long ago .
It 's a volunteer project , and most people are too busy to worry about wiki-reputations .
Again , the interactions with difficult users can be so unpleasant that many people have quit .
It might be tempting to try to reform the difficult users .
Most people have simply decided to ignore those difficult users and , also , ignore the veiled insults or other mud thrown at wiki-reputations .
They have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
Basically , you do n't even need to be present , at all , to have a long set of problems thrust into each article you wrote , contacts to users you know , and debates stating how wrong your opinions are -LRB- or rather , would be as the guess you would state -RRB- .
A moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to Wikipedia .
Each veiled insult , or slur , against your wiki-reputation can be given an easy spin , with follow-on wording that focuses on a strongly positive view about each comment .
A dull veiled insult , obviously intended to scar your reputation -LRB- in writing -RRB- , is reformed into a 100x times greater compliment , to all who later see the entry .
Most of the admins on Simple Wikipedia are well-mannered and grounded in reality , and any unusual admins who join are generally removed , and soon .
Of course , many Wikipedia editors have left in disgust at such petty , childish , psycho behavior .
However , soon , some of those users will likely `` archive '' your comment topics -LRB- as being old topics -RRB- from the active talk-page , further denying your voice about the article .
The real dangers :
Instead , just keep a private list , off-line from Wikipedia , so that when the names of difficult users re-appear , you can review their infamous antics of the past , and take evasive action .
Now , remember , that several users might just be copy-catting bad behavior , so the first impressions , of how people behave , are somewhat misleading .
Because of the hugely wonderful , over-the-top positive wording , those spins have a second benefit of laughing away the insults , which were not just undone , but thoroughly trounced , beaten down 100 times , by the overly-positive wording of the enthusiastic spin .
In general , people do n't think about who is wrong or who is right , but rather , `` Those guys sure argued a whole lot '' .
Although the glowing , positive terms might seem excessive , the effect is perfect .
It would be unethical to use Wikipedia outside the stated policies of the Wikimedia Foundation , even when following good intentions .
You will have won , completely , and avoided the insulting words of the difficult users .
Rather than having to re-read , each time , the negative wording of the insult , the text to be seen , each time , is the glowing positive view of the improvements -LRB- or other `` great impact to the universe '' -RRB- that you have made .
But they have n't ; instead , troublesome users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
Most people in charge are not nut-cases , not slowly insulting others .
Confrontations with them can be utterly demoralizing and make people want to quit Wikipedia , then warn hundreds of people about the horrifying , degrading , disgusting experiences they had while being insulted , tormented , and hounded on Wikipedia .
The illusion of `` jerk-ipedia '' is fostered when difficult users band together , as a sort of gang mentality .
Even though you never even entered the discussion , some users will predict your opinions -LRB- in writing -RRB- just to let others see how wrong you are about something you never said .
Specific changes will be reverted and disallowed by them .
At any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant article topics , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
The problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages , or other websites .
To avoid them , perhaps just switch the subject to edit even 5 other , minor articles , and the trolls will lose interest , because the controversial issue they debated has been washed away by the numerous details in 5 dull articles .
Only a few users are difficult , so they should be avoided to keep working with the nice guys .
Wikipedia warns each new user not to reveal personal information .
However , Wikipedia is funded to write the encyclopedia , not provide cyber-counseling or psychiatric treatment to disturbed individuals , and not to convert the hearts of hateful people to become humanized or Christianized .
Perhaps the most you can do is to say a prayer , or otherwise , counsel with them outside the scope of Wikipedia , but always protect your identity : `` Beyond this point , there be demons '' .
Mustering the renewed enthusiasm , to improve even one more article , is the ultimate win .
Vast numbers of users , rarely seen , are highly considerate and intelligent people .
Many types , of difficult users , can be detected early , by off-balance actions that they employ : `` where there 's smoke there 's fire '' .
Perhaps the most that can be done is to lodge a `` POV dispute '' on an article 's talk-page , but not carry out a protracted debate , because the difficult users will likely escalate any rebellion to become wiki-stalking and hounding of their rivals .
Many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing , or expanding articles , with information they do n't want to be shown .
The reason each spin can work so well , against the insults , is that , typically , an insulting remark must be mild -LRB- otherwise it becomes a vicious personal attack -RRB- , so consequently the positive spin can easily claim a viewpoint 100x times the opposite , as an enormous compliment .
Eventually , they snapped , and went out in a `` blaze of glory '' by insulting everything and everyone , until the admins reverted their hateful , final rants from the pages where they had cast their vicious parting remarks .
No , instead , most wiki-people are basically good , and it is just a `` small group '' of difficult users who cause most problems .
Try to tune out the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve Wikipedia .
One user thought the solution was to list every difficult user on his user-talk page , but that tends to merely anger them .
There are relatively few difficult users , but they need to be avoided to stay focused on writing the encyclopedia , and not let petty squabbles cause frustrations and doubts about other , decent users .
Consequently , because of that focus , the simple act of ignoring troublesome users , and moving on to improve another article , constitutes a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on other articles , although the trolled articles are virtually hopeless .
Just as the troll exerts power against those wanting to cross the bridge , the difficult users feel they have a `` captive audience '' in particular articles .
Many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining Wikipedia , as they struggled to gain more power , but were continually ignored or rejected .
The result : insults can always be reworded as a 100x better compliment .
Look for 2 or more warning signs , and compare as repeated patterns of behavior .
However , other less maniacal users have acted as `` semi-trolls '' with more balance , and remained years longer .
Again , many difficult users have a lot of impact , so some new users might get goaded into bad behavior , in a copy-cat manner , and it takes a few combined actions to realize the behavior is a pattern of intentional , negative , and insulting actions by truly difficult users .
Similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travellers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
Although they do n't necessarily know where anyone lives , some difficult users find where you write .
It 's a guaranteed easy win , with a humerous spin 100x times funnier than the meager insults .
Also , if most trouble makers are ignored rather than scolded , then they lose interest when their victims escape the trap of posting angry replies , so they move on to find other victims .
Acrocanthosaurus was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in North America during the Early Cretaceous period .
Cannabis -LRB- pronounced -RRB- -LRB- also called Cannabis sativa , Cannabis indica , or marijuana -RRB- is a plant .
Its county seat is Shawnee .
The population was 65,521 at the 2000 census .
Pottawatomie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The Daily News of New York City is a daily tabloid newspaper . As of a 2009 study by BurrellesLuce , a media relations measurement service , it is the fifth most-widely distributed daily newspaper in the United States , publishing and selling .
The paper has won 10 Pulitzer Prizes .
The Black Vulture -LRB- Coragyps atratus -RRB- , also known as the American Black Vulture , is a bird in the New World vulture family whose range extends from the southeastern United States to Central Chile and Uruguay in South America .
Despite the similar name and appearance , this species is unrelated to the Eurasian Black Vulture .
Although a common and widespread species , it has a somewhat more restricted distribution than its compatriot , the Turkey Vulture , which breeds well into Canada and south to Tierra del Fuego .
Sometimes the data in the database may also be changed . A database transaction is generally atomic .
A database transaction is generally atomic .
Mechanical advantage -LRB- also written as MA in formulas -RRB- is the factor by which a machine multiplies force .
Mechanical advantage -LRB- also written as MA in formulas -RRB- is the factor by which a machine multiplies force . The mechanical advantage of a machine can be used to find out how well a machine works and whether it can perform a particular job .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
The Tatar language is the official language of Tatarstan .
The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by Tatar people .
The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by Tatar people . The Tatar language is the official language of Tatarstan .
The Metropolitan Borough of Trafford is a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester , England .
It is home to 211,800 people , covers 41 square miles , and includes the towns of Altrincham , Partington , Sale , Stretford , and Urmston .
A large number of speakers also live in Tatarstan , Udmurtia , Perm Krai , Chelyabinsk , Orenburg , Sverdlovsk , and Kurgan Oblasts .
Speakers of the Bashkir language mostly live in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan .
On 29 April 2001 the United Kingdom government had a census and found out that there were 10,646 people living in Cookstown .
Montgomery County -LRB- county code MG -RRB- is a county in southeast Kansas , in the Central United States .
Its county seat is Independence , and its most populous city is Coffeyville .
But I guess it would be kind of a change from what they usually play in there , '' he said .
Written by Ryan Ross and released on May 4 , 2006 as a CD single , `` But It 's Better If You Do '' is the third single to be released by Panic at the Disco , and the second with an accompanying video .
`` It would be a surreal experience , for sure .
The video for `` But It 's Better If You Do '' debuted on Total Request Live daily countdown on June 29 , 2006 at # 8 .
I think they 're kinda ecch , '' says Ryan Ross .
`` But It 's Better If You Do '' is the third single by Panic at the Disco , from their album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
So I wanted it to be about the sort of complex inner-monologue , '' he said .
Ross went on to say , `` When I wrote it , I never thought about it being played in strip clubs .
In the movie , the character portrayed by Natalie Portman says , `` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off ... but it 's better if you do '' .
The two begin to kiss , and Urie removes his mask .
It 's based on a scenario when I was going through a breakup with a girl , and I was in one of these clubs but wishing I did n't have to be .
So maybe someone would have to do a chopped and screwed version or something . ''
She is worried about him always singing at `` illegal strip clubs '' ; he says he does not go to `` illegal strip joints '' , but he goes anyway .
Following release in the USA , the single reached number 4 on Billboard 's Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart , before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated September 23 , 2006 .
The music video starts with a black-and-white introduction of the band 's lead singer , Brendon Urie , arguing with his wife .
`` It 's not completely fiction , though .
The music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint .
I think the tempo is too fast , though .
The title is a quote from the movie Closer .
At the beginning of the song 's music video , the song playing in the background is `` Intermission '' , the song preceding `` But It 's Better If You Do '' on the A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out CD .
Because in reality , I do n't like strip clubs .
Urie plays onstage with the other members of the band and a Las Vegas showgirls dance group .
They retreat to a private room .
As she gains headway , however , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
Urie sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him .
The woman likewise removes her mask to reveal that she was in fact his wife .
A quick slap to Urie 's face and his wife turns to leave .
`` It 's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there .
`` Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off '' is also the title of another song by Panic at the Disco .
It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart .
Sebaceous glands are often found in hair-covered areas , where they are connected near the top of hair follicles -LRB- see image at top -RRB- .
Sebaceous glands produce the oily , waxy substance called sebum -LRB- Latin , meaning fat or tallow -RRB- that is made of fat -LRB- lipids -RRB- , wax , and the leftover dead fat-producing cells .
Excess sebum has been linked to eating red meats , fried , oily or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
A condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia .
The preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones .
It is commonly believed that sebum acts to save skin from drying or to waterproof hair and skin . But some scientists have contended that `` low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' , and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
However , they are in all skin areas except the palms and soles of the feet .
In the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands .
There are several related medical conditions , including : acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -LRB- see section below : Diseases -RRB- .
In the skin pores , sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic plug called a `` microcomedo '' which can block a pore and cause pimples .
In females , they appear predominantly in the labia minora .
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
A blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous cyst .
There are different kinds of these glands and sebum .
Certain species of Demodex mites feed on sebum and are commonly found in the sebaceous glands of mammals , including those of humans .
Sebum can also build up around body piercings .
At the rim of the eyelids , meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland .
The prescription medicine isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands , and is used to treat acne .
Earwax is partly composed of sebum .
In people , the lipid content is as follows :
This is however normal , not to be confused with an STD .
In the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears .
The sebaceous glands are microscopic -LRB- tiny -RRB- glands in the skin which produce an oily\/waxy substance , called sebum , to lubricate -LRB- oil -RRB- the skin and hair .
Sebaceous gland carcinoma is a very uncommon and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands ; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands .
The glands deposit sebum on each hair , and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft .
The structure consisting of hair , hair follicle , arrector pili muscle , and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit .
As a branched kind of acinar gland , the sebaceous glands are found in people all over the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet .
Also , sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is found only in people , not in animals .
The sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroid conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin , acne , and keratosis pilaris .
The extreme use -LRB- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -RRB- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can also cause acne .
Sebum is the cause of some people experiencing `` oily '' hair , as in hot weather or if not washed for several days .
Sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -LRB- glabrous skin -RRB- of the eyelids , nose , penis , labia minora , and nipples .
In males , sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis , on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty .
The sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa , a `` waxy '' or `` cheesy '' white substance covering the skin of newborn babies .
This event may cause serious acne on the face , neck , chest , back and shoulders .
Here , the sebum travels along ducts which end inside sweat pores near the surface of the skin .
They secrete a form of sebum -LRB- known as meibum -RRB- onto the eye , which slows the drying of tears .
In his first tournament outside the USSR , the Hastings International Chess Congress 1934 â `` 35 , Botvinnik achieved only a tie for 5th-6th places , with 5\/9 .
When describing the post-match party , Botvinnik wrote that at the time he danced the foxtrot and charleston to a professional standard .
Botvinnik was admitted in 1928 to Leningrad University 's Mathematics Department .
Botvinnik fell two games behind by the end of the first six , played in Moscow .
Botvinnik won further Soviet Championship titles in 1939 , 1944 , 1945 , and 1952 , bringing his total to six â `` a record he shares with Mikhail Tal .
Botvinnik was selected as one of his opponents , and won their game .
In 1931 , at the age of 20 , Botvinnik won his first Soviet Championship in Moscow , scoring 13 Â 1\/2 out of 17 .
After consulting Capablanca and Lasker , Krylenko proposed to award Botvinnik the title grandmaster , but Botvinnik objected that `` titles were not the point '' .
The rematch rule had been nicknamed the `` Botvinnik rule '' , because he twice benefited from it .
In 1960 , Botvinnik was convincingly beaten 8 Â 1\/2 -12 Â 1\/2 at Moscow by Tal , now 23 years old , but again exercised his right to a rematch in 1961 , and won by 13 â `` 8 in Moscow .
On returning to Russia Botvinnik discovered he had been awarded the `` Mark of Honour '' .
Botvinnik wrote that he did not make this mistake again .
Leningrad won and the team manager got Botvinnik a transfer to the Polytechnic 's Electromechanical Department .
Botvinnik influenced the design of the system which would be used for World Championship competition from 1948 to 1963 .
When the result reached Russia , Krylenko drafted a letter to be sent in Botvinnik 's name to Stalin .
In late summer 1931 , he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering .
On a rest day during the event , world champion JosÃ RaÃ l Capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in Leningrad .
However , he accepted a free car and a 67 % increase in his postgraduate study grant , both provided by the People 's Commissariat of Heavy Industry .
Botvinnik came first equal with Flohr , Â 1\/2 point ahead of Lasker and one point ahead of JosÃ RaÃ l Capablanca , in Moscow 's second International Tournament , held in 1935 .
However , aided by his old friend Viacheslav Ragozin and coach Abram Model , he levelled the score in Leningrad and the match was drawn .
In 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; in 1952 he tied with Mark Taimanov and won the play-off match .
Viktor Baturinsky wrote `` Now came Botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' .
Mikhail Botvinnik later said , `` I am a Jew by blood , Russian by culture , Soviet by upbringing '' .
Finally , in 1963 , he lost the title to Tigran Petrosian , by 9 Â 1\/2 -12 Â 1\/2 in Moscow .
This was the first tournament victory by a Soviet master outside his own country .
In January 1929 , he played for Leningrad in the student team chess championship against Moscow .
Krylenko authorized his participation and , although his Soviet rivals forecast disaster for him , he scored an undefeated shared first place -LRB- +6 = 8 -RRB- with Capablanca , Â 1\/2 point ahead of the then World Champion Max Euwe and rising American stars Reuben Fine and Samuel Reshevsky , and 1 point ahead of ex-champion Alexander Alekhine .
On the basis of his strong results during and just after World War II , Botvinnik was one of five players to contest the World Chess Championship 1948 , which was held at The Hague and Moscow .
FIDE had by then changed the rules , and he was not allowed a rematch .
As a result , Mikhail Botvinnik grew up in Saint Petersburg 's Nevsky Prospekt .
Botvinnik 's play was better than in the 1960 match , mainly due to thorough preparation .
His father forbade the speaking of Yiddish at home , and Mikhail and his older brother Issy attended Soviet schools .
His father was a dental technician , and a cantor in the local synagogue . His mother was a dentist , which allowed the family to live outside the Pale of Settlement to which most Jews in Russia were restricted at the time .
He won the Leningrad Masters ' tournament in 1930 with 6 Â 1\/2 \/ 8 , following this up the next year by winning the Championship of Leningrad by 2 Â 1\/2 points over former Soviet champion Peter Romanovsky .
Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki : the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board , with Keres on top board ; Botvinnik protested and refused to play .
Botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , avoiding the tactical complications in which Tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where Tal 's technique was not outstanding .
To test the strength of Soviet chess masters , Nikolai Krylenko organized the Moscow 1925 chess tournament .
Keres ' playing record from 1950 to early 1952 had been outstanding .
They included three future World Champions Anatoly Karpov , Garry Kasparov and Vladimir Kramnik .
He wrote that , in London after the tournament , Emanuel Lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization .
He won the tournament convincingly , with a score of 14\/20 , three points clear , becoming the sixth World Champion .
In early winter , 1936 , Botvinnik was invited to play in a tournament at Nottingham , England .
Botvinnik played no formal competitive games after winning the 1948 match tournament until he defended his title .
In 1957 , he lost to Smyslov by 9 Â 1\/2 â `` 12 Â 1\/2 in Moscow , but the rules then in force allowed him a rematch without having to go through the Candidates ' Tournament , and in 1958 he won the rematch in Moscow ; Smyslov said his health was poor during the return match .
In 1954 , he drew with Vasily Smyslov over 24 games at Moscow , +7 = 10 -7 , again retaining the title .
He played a major role in the design of the World Chess Championship system after World War II .
Saint-Maurice is the capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
It is the site of the Roman outpost of Agaunum and the old Abby of Saint-Maurice , which has become a famous high school in Switzerland -LRB- CollÃ ge de Saint-Maurice -RRB- .
It is also said that deflation is a sign of a weak state of that country 's economy , because deflation usually happens during an economic collapse .
Deflation is thought to be even worse than inflation .
It is also said that deflation is a sign of a weak state of that country 's economy , because deflation usually happens during an economic collapse . Deflation is thought to be even worse than inflation .
Alberto Aquilani -LRB- born 7 July 1984 -RRB- is an Italian football player . He plays for Liverpool and Italy national team .
A.C. Reggiana 1919 is a football club which plays in Italy .
Callaway is a city of Florida in the United States .
Eiji Hanayama -LRB- born 21 August 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Ø Û Ø `` Ø Ø Û Ù Ø Ù Ù Ù Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø -RRB- or Hallaj was a Persian poet and writer .
They stand up when they use a shower and usually do not wear clothes in a shower .
A shower is where a person cleans himself by using water . They stand up when they use a shower and usually do not wear clothes in a shower .
They stand up when they use a shower and usually do not wear clothes in a shower . Showers have a shower head that squirts out water .
Nobuyuki Kojima -LRB- born 17 January 1966 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Custard is kind of food prepared with milk and eggs . Custard can be the dessert or its sauce .
Nabas , PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques is a commune of the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques dÃ partement in the southwestern part of France .
He wrote a book about this period called Morphine , which was finally released in 1926 .
Bulgakov also fought in the Ukrainian People 's Army .
After the Russian Civil War , Mikhail and his brothers went to the Caucasus in Western Russia . Mikhail worked as a journalist .
He was buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow .
In 1931 , Bulgakov got married again , to Yelena Shilovskaya . Yelena inspired one of the main characters in Bulgakov 's most famous novel , The Master and Margarita .
Mikhail Bulgakov was born in Kiev on May 15 1891 .
When the First World War started he volunteered with the Red Cross as a doctor . Bulgakov was sent to an area where fighting was heavy , and he was badly injured at least twice .
In 1913 Bulgakov married Tatiana Lappa .
He is best known for his novel The Master and Margarita .
Mikhail Afanasyevich Bulgakov -LRB- May 15 1891 - March 10 1940 -RRB- was a Soviet novelist and playwright .
Stalin did allow Bulgakov to work at a small theater in Moscow , however .
To ease the pain , he started injecting himself with morphine .
In 1916 , he graduated from the Medical School of Kiev University . Bulgakov then joined the White Army with his brothers .
Bulgakov died from problems with his kidneys on March 10 , 1940 .
Year 1686 was a common year that started on a Tuesday when using the Gregorian calendar .
A wind farm is an area of land with lots of wind turbines in it .
Cilia occur in all members of the group -LRB- although the peculiar suctoria only have them for part of the life-cycle -RRB- and are variously used in swimming , crawling , attachment , feeding , and sensation .
The ciliates are a group of protists characterized by the presence of hair-like organelles called cilia , which are identical in structure to flagella but typically shorter and present in much larger numbers with a different undulating pattern than flagella .
It is mostly owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing , which also controls Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited -LRB- HKFE -RRB- and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited .
Chironico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
One of the most important debates over the sermon is how it should be applied to everyday life .
E. Earle Ellis -LRB- Professor of Theology -RRB- says that this sermon is Jesus asking believers to live in a way that will be standard in the future kingdom of God .
As Ellis says , we are to speak Jesus ' words , think his thoughts , and do his deeds .
The private key is kept secret , while the public key may be widely distributed and used by other users . Incoming messages would have been encrypted with the recipient 's public key and can only be decrypted with his corresponding private key .
In public key cryptography , each user has a pair of cryptographic keys -- a public key and a private key .
Public-key cryptography , also known as asymmetric cryptography , is a form of cryptography in which the key used to encrypt a message differs from the key used to decrypt it .
In public key cryptography , each user has a pair of cryptographic keys -- a public key and a private key . The private key is kept secret , while the public key may be widely distributed and used by other users .
Incoming messages would have been encrypted with the recipient 's public key and can only be decrypted with his corresponding private key .
Anhalt-Bitterfeld is a district in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
This district was established by merging the former districts of Bitterfeld , KÃ then and a large part of Anhalt-Zerbst as part of the Saxony-Anhalt border reforms of 2007 .
Rehoboth Beach is a city of Delaware in the United States .
It is both a federal and a state holiday .
The number of Leadbeater 's Possums is expected to drop by as much as 90 % .
Following the death of the last Leadbeater 's Possum at Healesville Sanctuary Victoria in May 2006 , there are now no Leadbeater 's Possums in captivity anywhere in the world and so no breeding program to assist this animal 's survival .
They live in small family groups of up to 24 individuals , usually a breeding pair , their children , and sometimes an extra male or two .
The possum was first discovered by Europeans in 1867 . Only five possums were found , the last one in 1909 .
Dr. David Lindenmeyer , -LRB- Australian National University -RRB- , has said that the need to make nest boxes showed that logging was removing too many older trees with hollows needed by species like Leadbeater 's Possum .
Large areas of the forest around Marysville , Narbethong and Healesville were been destroyed .
The mapped distribution of the Leadbeater 's possum exactly matches the area burnt in the fires .
A group , Friends of Leadbeater 's Possum , has formed to try an protect the possum and to make the government protect the habitat .
It was thought the species was extinct , because its habitat around Bass River in south-west Gippsland was cleared for farming in the early 1900s .
Author , Peter Preuss , said that the number of possums dropped in 1997 with their current habitat -LRB- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -RRB- under threat from logging .
The average female lifespan in the bush is only about 27 months , but as much as 10 years in captivity .
Young Leadbeater 's Possums are often eaten by owls .
They have one or two babies , which stay in the pouch for 80 or 90 days . When they come out of the pouch they stay in the nest for another three weeks .
It was named after John Leadbeater , a taxidermist at the Museum of Victoria .
With its known habitat destroyed in the bushfires of February 2009 - large areas of forest around Marysville , Narbethong and Healesville - the species status is currently in doubt .
Logging continues to be a major threat to the possum . In 1993 five hectares of protected habitat east of Powelltown , was logged because of a `` mapping error . ''
The nests can be anywhere from 6 m to 30 m above the ground . They have a territory of up to 20,000 square metres , which they will defend from other possums .
The survival of Leadbeater 's Possum is in doubt following the disastrous Black Saturday bushfire that burnt out its only known habitat in February 2009 .
This limits them to mixed-age wet sclerophyll forest with a thick mid-story of Acacia .
It is the only species in the Gymnobelideus genus .
Studies have shown that logging in the forest between the Yarra Valley National Park and Mount Bullfight Conservation Reserve in February 2006 , led to the deaths of most possums in the area .
They give birth at the beginning of winter -LRB- May and June -RRB- or late spring -LRB- October and November -RRB- .
They are omnivorous , they eat a range of tree saps , lerps , and arthropods which they find under the loose bark of eucalyptus trees such as spiders , crickets , and beetles .
Leadbeater 's Possum -LRB- Gymnobelideus leadbeateri -RRB- is an endangered species of Australian possum . Once thought to be extinct , it is now only found in small areas of surviving old and mixed age mountain ash forest in the central highlands of Victoria , Australia , north-east of Melbourne .
Without help from people , and if population of about 1000 can survive for another 150 years , natural tree hollows will begin to develop in the trees that started growing after Black Friday .
It is the only mammal that is only found in Victoria , so in 1968 , the State of Victoria made Leadbeater 's Possum its faunal emblem .
Formia is a city of the province of Latina , near Lazio -LRB- Italy -RRB- .
Note that if the character appears in the text , the parameter must be explicitly specified as .
The parameter may contain templates , images , etc. , if a block needs to be wrapped in this template and contains such elements .
It takes one parameter : The text to shrink .
This template makes the font smaller .
Saint-Selve is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
For this reason , the lines were electrified using the fourth rail 630V DC system , the electricity being generated at the LNWR 's own power station in Stonebridge Park .
The first electric passenger trains ran in 1914 , limited to the West London Line route -LRB- Willesden to Earls Court -RRB- , and full services over the whole network did not commence until 1922 , work having been delayed by the First World War .
During 1909-1922 , the London and North Western Railway embarked on a large-scale project to electrify their whole London inner-suburban network , encompassing the lines from London Euston to Watford and the North London Railway from London Broad Street to Richmond . This also included branch lines such as Watford to Croxley Green -LRB- where a depot was built to house the electric units -RRB- , and links to what was to become the London Underground network .
The London , Midland and Scottish Railway extended the network in 1927 by electrifying the branch to Rickmansworth .
Ashland is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Io is a moon of the planet Jupiter . It is Jupiter 's third biggest moon with a diameter of 3642 km , being slightly bigger than Earth 's moon .
It is the highest point in the Netherlands .
Mount Scenery is a lava dome in the Netherlands .
Naoki Chiba -LRB- born 24 July 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vegalta Sendai .
VillamanÃ n is a municipality located in the province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain .
According to the 2004 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , the municipality has a population of 1,161 inhabitants .
Attock is a city in Pakistan . It is located in the Punjab province and is the capital of Attock District .
Attock is a city in Pakistan .
It is done in the ocean or sea , where the surfer uses his surfboard to catch a wave , and ride in towards the shore .
La BoissiÃ re-de-Montaigu is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Nader was born in Winsted , Connecticut . His parents , Nathra and Rose Nader , were Lebanese immigrants .
His parents , Nathra and Rose Nader , were Lebanese immigrants .
Nader was born in Winsted , Connecticut .
Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment . The Crash Bandicoot games were first made by the video game company Naughty Dog .
The Crash Bandicoot games were first made by the video game company Naughty Dog .
The fourth and last game made by Naughty Dog with Crash and company was Crash Team Racing , a racing game where Nitrous Oxide , an alien , challenged the Earth inhabitants to a cart race . After Naughty Dog , other companies made many more games in the Crash bandicoot series , and not only for Playstation .
It out in a platform game called Crash Bandicoot , where Crash has to save his girlfriend Tawna from the evil doctor Neo Cortex .
After Crash Bandicoot , Naughty Dog made a sequel -LRB- another videogame -RRB- , Crash Bandicoot 2 : Cortex Strikes Back , where Crash saves the world from Cortex for a second time .
The main character in the Crash Bandicoot games , is also called Crash Bandicoot .
Actuaries now work in many places .
Most work for insurance companies , but others work in all kinds of finance companies . Actuaries still figure out how much money needs to be paid for life insurance , as well as other kinds of money promises , like pensions , car insurance , house insurance , and similar .
Nulato is a city in Alaska .
In 2000 , 336 people lived there .
It is next to the River Tees and the River Leven .
Yarm is a small town in North East England in the North Yorkshire .
Her sister is Dannii Minogue .
On 17 May 2005 , Minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer .
Minogue was born in Melbourne , Australia .
Minogue had surgery for it on 21 May 2005 at a hospital in Malvern , Victoria , and started chemotherapy soon afterwards .
It may be done in several ways , not all of which will be used by a particular brewery :
Sometimes the packaging process involves using pre-printed labels , making it impractical to write the best before date in a clearly visible location .
For example , pasteurized milk can remain fresh for five days after its sell-by date if it is refrigerated properly .
Shelf life is can be changed by many things : exposure to light and heat , transmission of gases -LRB- including humidity -RRB- , mechanical stresses , and contamination by things such as micro-organisms .
They are usually enzymatically catalyzed which changes reaction rates , but with constant catalytic action , the rule of thumb is still mostly applicable .
Most stores will rotate stock by moving the products with the earliest dates to the front of shelving units , which allows them to be sold first and saving them from having to be either marked down or thrown away , both of which contribute to a loss of profit .
A freshness date is the date used in the American brewing industry to indicate either the date the beer was bottled or the date before which the beer should be consumed .
An Open Date does not supersede a Use by date , which should still be followed .
On the other hand , ` elevated ' temperatures short of these result in increased growth and reproduction ; if the organism is harmful , perhaps to dangerous levels .
Bacteria are everywhere , and foods left unused too long will often get large amounts of bacterial living in them . It may be dangerous to eat them and lead to food poisoning .
This is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms ; ` tissue ' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they can not be compensated for and the cell dies .
Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to add to the shelf life of their products .
The usually quoted rule of thumb is that chemical reactions double their rate for each temperature increase of 10 Celsius degrees -LRB- CÂ -RRB- because of activation energy barriers become more easily surmounted at higher temperatures .
In contrast , if milk already has harmful bacteria , the use-by dates do not matter .
For example , the amber bottle used for many beers blocks damaging wavelengths of light .
Except for infant formula and some baby foods , product dating is not required by federal regulations .
The practice rapidly grew in popularity after the Anheuser-Busch company 's heavily marketed `` Born-On dates '' starting in 1996 .
A rare exception is a case of renal tubular damage said to have been caused by out of date tetracycline .
Changing the posted date is illegal in many countries .
It is often applied in shelf life estimation , sometimes wrongly .
Nearly all chemical reactions will occur -LRB- at various rates depending on the individual nature of the reaction -RRB- at common temperatures .
Food that has passed its sell by or display until date , but is still within its use by \/ best before can still be eaten , if it has been stored correctly .
It is also important to follow storage instructions carefully for these foods -LRB- for example , product must be refrigerated -RRB- .
It can be affected by light , air , or the action of bacteria .
For some companies , the date on the bottle or can will be the date that the beer was bottled ; others have the date by which the beer should be consumed .
Before a beer is bottled , it is processed to make its its shelf life longer . This can change the beer 's freshness date .
If drugs are used within the expiration date , the manufacturer guarantees that they work as expected .
Shelf life is different from expiration date . Shelf life is linked to food quality , expiration date to food safety .
This particular one is most applicable to reactions with activation energy values around 50 kJ\/mole ; many of these are important at the usual temperatures we encounter .
For ten years there was a slow growth in brewers adding freshness dates to their beer .
In the particular case of bacteria and fungi , the reactions needed to feed and reproduce increase at higher temperatures , up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to breakdown , or denature , so quickly that they can not be replaced .
It is common practice in large stores to throw away such food , as it makes the stock control process easier .
Packaging with barrier materials -LRB- eg , -LRB- low moisture vapor transmission rate , etc -RRB- extends the shelf life of some foods and pharmaceuticals .
Old explosives are thus more dangerous -LRB- i.e. , liable to be triggered to explode by very small disturbances , even trivial jiggling -RRB- than more recently manufactured explosives .
However , many manufacturers are allowed to also add sell-by or use-by dates .
Therefore , to make explosives stable for longer periods , or to keep rubber bands springy , or to force bacteria to slow down their growth , they can be cooled .
And if formula is stored too long , it loses its nutritional quality . It also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple .
It also reduces the risk of customers buying food without looking at the date , only to find out the next day that they can not use it .
The Boston Beer Company , maker of Samuel Adams , was among the first to start adding freshness dates to their product line in 1985 .
The Food & Drug Administration , which controls packaged foods and drugs , only requires a use-by , or expiration , date on infant formula and some baby foods .
Bathroom products\/toiletries usually state a time in months by which , once the product is opened , they should be used .
Although beer in the USA does not have to have a shelf life , freshness dates serve much the same purpose and are a marketing tool .
There is a widespread impression . for instance in industry , that `` triple time '' can be simulated in practice by increasing the temperature by 15 CÂ , e.g. storing a product for one month at 35 Â C simulates three months at 20 Â C. There is enough variation that this practical rule can not be routinely relied upon .
It is also helpful to the customer and ensures that the product is at its best quality when bought .
Some degradation factors can be controlled by provisions in the ed packaging .
This is the reason shelf life is generally extended by temperature control : -LRB- refrigeration , insulated shipping containers , controlled cold chain , etc -RRB- and the reason some medicines and foods must be refrigerated .
This is often indicated by a graphic of an open tub , with the number of months written inside -LRB- e.g. , `` 12M '' means use the product within 12 months of opening -RRB- .
The same is true , to a point , of the chemical reactions of life .
Nitroglycerine is notorious .
Open Dating is the use of a date or code stamped on the package of a food product to help determine how long to display the product for sale .
The Agriculture Dept. , which controls fresh produce and meats , only requires labeling of the date when poultry is packed at the farm .
Rubber products also degrade as sulphur bonds induced during vulcanization revert ; this is why old rubber bands and other rubber products soften and get sticky as they age .
Many other brewers have started adding freshness dates to their products , but there is no standard for what the date means .
Foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .
Just as temperature increase speeds up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
However , as with all rules of thumb , there are many caveats and assumptions .
A study done by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
These breakdown processes usually happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
That 's because formula must contain a certain quantity of each nutrient that is described on the label .
In this case , a term like best before see bottom or best before see lid might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated .
These dates are meant to help keep track of the stock in stores .
Preservatives and antioxidants may be put into some food and drug products to make their shelf life longer .
Joel Davis , a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief , said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin , insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most expired drugs are probably effective .
This is important , as stores can be fined for selling out of date products . Most shops , if not all , will have to mark such products down as wasted , leading to a loss of profit .
The shelf life is an important factor to health .
Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds .
Transparent beer bottles do not .
A product that has passed its shelf life might still be safe , but quality is no longer guaranteed .
Generally , foods that have a use by date written on the packaging must not be eaten after it has expired .
The results showed that about 90 % of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their expiration date .
In most food stores , shelf life is controlled by using stock rotation . This means moving products with the earliest sell by date to the front of the shelf , so that most shoppers will pick them up first and so getting them out of the store .
Durbe is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1893 .
The leaked internet video shows the murder of a 48-year-old man named Sergei Yatzenko .
He is shown lying on his back in a wooded area , and is struck many times in the face with a hammer that is held inside a yellow plastic bag .
The attack lasts over four minutes , during which the victim slips in and out of consciousness .
Suprunyuck pokes out Yatzenko 's eyes , and stabs him in the abdomen with a screwdriver .
Hanzha received nine years in prison .
Sayenko and Suprunyuck were charged with murder after they were arrested .
He is then struck with the hammer again in order to ensure that he is dead .
During the video , Suprunyuck is shown smiling at the camera .
They were all found guilty by a court in February 2009 , and Suprunyuck and Sayenko were sentenced to life imprisonment .
The murderers are named Viktor Sayenko and Igor Suprunyuck .
Emperor Seinei was the 22nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Seinei fathered no children . He adopted two grandsons of Emperor RichÅ `` .
According to Kojiki and Nihonshoki , Seinei was a son of Emperor YÅ `` ryaku .
The gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste .
Koungou is a commune in the French overseas collectivity of Mayotte .
The Montreal Wanderers were a professional men 's ice hockey team that played in Montreal , Quebec at the Montreal Arena , and were one of the founding franchises of the National Hockey League in the 1917 â `` 18 NHL season .
Prior to the formation of the NHL , the `` Redbands '' were one of the most successful teams in hockey .
Hiroshi Soejima -LRB- born 26 July 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
She was the news anchor at NBC 's Today . For 25 years Walters also hosted the ABC show 20\/20 .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Barbara Walters at Met Opera . jpg thumb -LRB- 400x600 -RRB- px right Barbara Walters -RRB- -RRB- Barbara Walters is an author and broadcast journalist .
He would also play with the Toronto Maple Leafs , Chicago Black Hawks , and New York Rangers .
He left the NHL after the 1960 season .
He played several more seasons in the AHL before retiring after the 1969 season .
David Theodore Creighton -LRB- born June 24 , 1930 in Port Arthur , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian ice hockey forward .
After this , he coached the Providence Reds from 1969 to 1970 .
Creighton started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1948 .
AluÃ sio Francisco da Luz -LRB- born 1 March , 1931 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The album was Mingus 's last project before his death .
Roberta Joan Anderson -LRB- born 1943 in Alberta , Canada -RRB- , better known as Joni Mitchell , is a Canadian songwriter , musician and artist .
In January 2006 , Kramnik announced that he would skip the Corus Chess Tournament in Wijk aan Zee to seek out treatment for his arthritis .
In 2007 , Kramnik lost the title to Viswanathan Anand , who won the World Chess Championship tournament -LRB- not a classical match between the two players -RRB- ahead of Kramnik .
In late 2004 , Kramnik successfully defended his title against challenger PÃ ter LÃ kÃ in a drawn match played in Brissago , Switzerland .
It causes him great physical discomfort while playing .
Vladimir Kramnik , born 25 June 1975 , is a Russian chess grandmaster .
He was Classical World Chess Champion from 2000 to 2006 , and undisputed World Chess Champion from 2006 to 2007 .
In October 2000 , he defeated Garry Kasparov in a match played in London , and became the Classical World Chess Champion .
In October 2006 , Kramnik , the Classical World Champion , defeated reigning FIDE World Champion Veselin Topalov in a unification match .
On 30 December 2006 he married French journalist Marie-Laure Germon .
Kramnik has been diagnosed with an uncommon form of arthritis , called ankylosing spondylitis .
He scored a +4 result , earning the highest performance rating -LRB- 2847 -RRB- of the 1307 participating players .
He played Anand at the World Chess Championship match 2008 , but lost .
As a result Kramnik became the first undisputed World Champion , since Garry Kasparov split from FIDE in 1993 .
In 2007 , Kramnik lost the title to Viswanathan Anand , who won the World Chess Championship tournament -LRB- not a classical match between the two players -RRB- ahead of Kramnik . He played Anand at the World Chess Championship match 2008 , but lost .
He returned from treatment in June 2006 , playing in the 37th Chess Olympiad .
He has a daughter named Daria who was born 28 December 2008 .
Then they recorded three songs for a C\/Z Records compilation album of grunge music by Soundgarden and five other bands , which was called Deep Six and was released in March 1986 .
Scott Sundquist was a drummer for the grunge band Soundgarden during the mid-1980s .
In 1985 , Soundgarden was a recently formed three-piece band with Chris Cornell on vocals and drums , Kim Thayil on guitar , and Hiro Yamamoto on bass .
Cameron stayed with Soundgarden until the entire band broke up in 1997 .
Also in 1986 , Sundquist , who by that point had a wife and a child , decided to back out of the band and pursue a normal family life .
This album contains the only recorded Soundgarden material with Sundquist .
They were briefly left without a drummer until they were able to lure Skin Yard drummer Matt Cameron away from his band .
The band enlisted Sundquist as their drummer so Cornell could focus on the vocals .
They traveled around playing various gigs with this lineup for about a year .
Jasper goes and visits Rosa .
They tell Rosa not to talk to Neville or Helena in case Jasper is watching . However , Tartar lets Rosa meet Helena .
The woman is called Princess Puffer .
The Mystery of Edwin Drood is the last novel of Charles Dickens .
A person called Neville Landless has a twin sister called Helena . They are both sent to a school in Cloisterham .
Mr. Tartar meets him and asks him if he knows who he is . Crisparkle remembers that Tartar once saved him from dying in a river .
She follows him all the way to Cloisterham . She meets Mr. Datchery , who tells her Jasperâ s name .
Jasper gives Durdles some very strong wine .
Crisparkle has followed Rosa to London .
Meanwhile , Jasper is in the graveyard again with Durdles .
She goes to Mr. Grewgious in London .
Isigny-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Christine Ellen Hynde , also known as Chrissie Hynde , was born in Akron , Ohio on September 7th , 1951 . She is a member of the rock group Pretenders .
Xangsane made landfall in the Philippines , battering the northern islands with torrential rains and strong winds , and causing widespread flooding and landslides .
Later that day the JTWC upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a Tropical Storm by the JTWC .
Philippine Airlines canceled over half of its flights to and from Ninoy Aquino International Airport for September 28 , and various transit services also suspended service .
When it became clear that Xangsane would approach the Capital , PAGASA upgraded the warning for Manila and central Luzon to Storm Signal Number 3 on September 28 .
The JTWC ceased advisories after landfall , while the JMA carried the storm inland until it was over Thailand as a tropical depression .
Storm Signal Number 2 , for winds of 60 - 100 km\/h -LRB- 37 - 62 mph -RRB- , was raised for northern Samar Island and central Luzon .
On September 27 , PAGASA issued Storm Signal Number 3 , a warning for winds of 100 - 185 km\/h -LRB- 62 - 115 mph -RRB- , for areas of southern Luzon .
Early the next day Xangsane was upgraded to a category 2 typhoon and then over the next six hours Xangsane rapidly intensified into a category 4 typhoon with wind speeds of 115 kts -LRB- 130 mph , 215 km\/h -RRB- .
Schools in the warned area were suspended , and airports and seaports were closed .
Typhoon Xangsane -LRB- international designation : 0615 , JTWC designation : 18W , PAGASA name : Typhoon Milenyo -RRB- was a deadly typhoon that affected the Philippines , Vietnam , and Thailand during the 2006 Pacific typhoon season .
After passing over Manila and emerging over the South China Sea , the typhoon made a second landfall in central Vietnam , also causing flooding and landslides there and in Thailand .
The JTWC assessed the development of a significant Tropical cyclone , as fair .
Late on September 24 , 2006 , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center , noted that an area of convection , had persisted about 460 NM to the southeast of Manila , in the Philippines .
Early that afternoon the JTWC reported that Xangsane , had reached its peak wind speeds of 125 kts -LRB- 145 mph , 230 km\/h -RRB- .
It was the fifteenth tropical storm and ninth typhoon recognized by the Japan Meteorological Agency operationally during the season , although in post-operational analysis it became the tenth typhoon of the season with the addition of Typhoon Maria .
Meanwhile the JMA reported that Xangsane had reached its peak wind speeds of 85 kts -LRB- 100 mph , 155 km\/h -RRB- .
Xangsane then passed through the Philippine islands , wreaking havoc and becoming the strongest typhoon to directly impact Metro Manila in eleven years .
Later on September 26 , the JMA upgraded Xangsane to a severe tropical storm , whilst six hours later both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded Xangsane to typhoon with the JTWC reporting wind speeds equivalent to a category one typhoon .
Later that morning the JTWC reassessed the potential of the disturbance forming into a significant tropical Cyclone within 24 hours as good , and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing disturbance .
According to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center , Xangsane was the sixteenth tropical storm and tenth typhoon of the season , and was a Category 4-equivalent typhoon in terms of 1-minute average wind speeds .
Storm Signal Number 1 -LRB- 30 - 60 km\/h , 20 - 37 mph -RRB- was issued for northwestern Luzon , including Metro Manila , and northern Visayas , including the rest of Samar Island .
This was because convection was beginning to flare up near a developing Low Level Circulation Center , the JTWC also noted that the disturbance had a broad circulation .
Early the next day both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- designated the Tropical disturbance as a Tropical Depression with PAGASA assigning the local name of Tropical Depression Milenyo , to the depression .
As it entered the South China Sea as a weak typhoon , it began to re-intensify , reaching its secondary peak strength shortly before landfall at Danang , Vietnam on October 1 .
Early that afternoon the JTWC started to issue advisories on the disturbance and designated it as Tropical Depression 18W .
Saignon is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Crocy is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
People who get infected with Ebola virus get the disease Ebola hemorrhagic fever .
Hardin is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts of Bernau and Eberswalde .
Barnim is a district in Brandenburg , Germany .
Myleene Angela Klass -LRB- born 6 April , 1978 -RRB- is an English classical pianist , commercial model , television and radio presenter , and former member of the UK pop group Hear ` Say .
Flanimals is a children 's and adults ' book written by comedian Ricky Gervais .
The book was illustrated by Rob Steen . It has 35 different characters described as species of animal which form an imaginary world .
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent smell often associated strongly with mothballs .
Camphor , an insect repellent , can also be used in mothballs .
Their use when clothing is stored out-of-season led to the colloquial usage of the terms mothballed and put into mothballs to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
Older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene . Because naphthalene can catch fire easily , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Stade Municipal is a stadium in Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso .
The stadium holds 15,000 people .
It is used mostly for football games and is the home of Santos Football Club .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
La Chapelle-Th Ã mer is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Patrick Vieira -LRB- born 23 June 1976 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Manchester City and France national team .
He left the service of the HBC in 1762 largely because his efforts for the company , at least in his estimation , had not been properly recognized .
Records show that some of the trade also went to the French at Fort Saint-Louis -LRB- Fort de la Corne -RRB- and Fort Paskoya which were on the route to Hudson Bay .
Since the answer had been unsure , there was no more expeditions to Alberta .
On June 26 , 1754 , he set out with a group of Plains Indians .
Henday volunteered to undertake an expedition into this territory .
Henday had gained some experience in inland travel after arriving at York Factory .
The Blackfoot did not give a clear answer , but Henday decided they meant â noâ -RRB- , so he traveled back to York Factory with news that he had explored the area and had met with the Blackfoot .
1750 -- 1762 -RRB- was one of the first white men to explore the interior of the Canadian northwest .
His explorations were for the Hudson 's Bay Company -LRB- HBC -RRB- who were worried that La VÃ rendrye and the other western commanders were taking furs from the northwest to their forts .
Anthony Henday Drive , a large ring road in Edmonton is named in his honor .
He came from the Isle of Wight , and was a convicted smuggler and joined the HBC in 1750 as a net-maker and labourer .
This trip , and later ones , took Henday across much of the prairies of what is now Saskatchewan and Alberta and his journal shows that he brought a lot of trade to York Factory .
They passed the French Fort Paskoya where he may have met La Corne , the western commander at that time .
Anthony Henday -LRB- fl .
In October of 1754 he and his group came to what is now Alberta from York Factory with a mission to meet the Blackfoot and perhaps trade with them .
Benton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Vaccines similar to this are still used today , but other vaccines -LRB- growing the virus using cell cultures -RRB- are more frequent .
The vaccine was first developed by Louis Pasteur and Emile Roux in 1885 .
His court was in Ioannina .
His name in the local languages was : Albanian : Ali PashÃ `` Tepelena , Aromanian : Ali PÃ # shelu , Greek : Î ` Î '' Î Î Î Ï Î Ï Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Î '' Î Ï Ali Pasas Tepelenlis or Î ` Î '' Î Î Î Ï Î Ï Ï Ï Î 1\/2 Î Ï Î Î 1\/2 Î 1\/2 Î Î 1\/2 Ï Î 1\/2 Ali Pasas ton Ioanninon -LRB- Ali Pasha of Ioannina -RRB- and Turkish : Tepedelenli Ali PaÅ a.
Ali Pasha of Tepelena or of Yannina , the `` Lion of Yannina '' , -LRB- 1741 â `` January 24 , 1822 -RRB- was an Albanian ruler -LRB- pasha -RRB- of the western part of Rumelia , the Ottoman Empire 's European territory which was also called Pashalik of Janina .
Christian Gentner -LRB- born 14 August 1985 in NÃ 1\/4 rtingen , Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg -RRB- is a German footballer .
In 2009 Gentner joined the Germany national football team for a trip to Asia and played his first international match against China PR national team on 29 May 2009 .
It is one of the highest altitude parks in the world .
Khunjerab National Park is a National park in the Northern Areas of Pakistan .
Sometimes the wallpaper paste is too strong for water , then special chemicals need to be used to make the paste not sticky . Most of the time only new wallpaper has to be taken off with chemicals .
Wallpaper is a kind of paper used to cover walls inside of houses and buildings . Wallpaper is used to decorate the inside of buildings instead of paint .
It is sold in rolls and are put onto a wall using wallpaper paste .
Wallpapers can come either plain -LRB- so that it can be painted -RRB- , or with pictures or patterns .
Water makes the wallpaper paste become not sticky , then the wallpaper falls off .
Paul Keres -LRB- 7 January 1916 â `` 5 June 1975 -RRB- was an Estonian chess grandmaster .
Keres memorial tournaments are held in Tallinn every two years .
Keres narrowly missed a chance at a World Chess Championship match on five occasions .
Clodoaldo -LRB- born 26 September , 1949 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Portable application creators allow the creation of portable applications -LRB- also called : portable apps -RRB- .
This category is about `` Yu-Gi-Oh ! ''
The libretto was written by Lorenzo da Ponte .
They then go off and return moments later , half in Albanian disguise , half as officers .
Fiordiligi , who is now upset , decides to go to the army and find her lover .
It seems that a doctor arrives , but it is Despina in disguise who draws out the poison with a magnet .
Despina is now disguised as a notary . She gets everyone to sign the marriage contract .
Before she can leave , though , Ferrando arrives and again woos her .
They have an awkward conversation and Ferrando departs with Fiordiligi .
Everyone realizes that Despina had been the notary , and the sisters now know they have been deceived .
Military music is heard in the distance .
The Albanians hurry off to hide -LRB- actually , to change out of their disguises -RRB- .
They are encouraged to humor the men by Despina and Alfonso , but the sisters refuse .
The story takes place in Naples in the 18th century .
Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become very angry .
After all : CosÃ fan tutte -LRB- `` All women are like that . '' -RRB-
Guglielmo is very unhappy while Ferrando reminds Guglielmo about how he had been boasting a short while ago about his girlâ s faithfulness .
In the garden , Dorabella and the disguised Guglielmo go off together , as do the other two .
She gives him a medallion -LRB- with Ferrando 's portrait inside -RRB- in exchange for a heart-shaped locket .
Now alone , Guglielmo tries to woo Dorabella .
Its full title is CosÃ fan tutte ossia La scuola degli amanti -LRB- That is how they all do it , or The School For Lovers -RRB- . It is an opera buffa -LRB- a comic opera -RRB- .
The first performance was at the Burgtheater in Vienna on January 26 1790 .
He tells the men to forgive their fiancÃ es .
The opera is often called CosÃ for short in the English-speaking world . It is one of the three Mozart operas for which da Ponte wrote the libretto -LRB- the words -RRB- .
Ferrando is less successful with Fiordiligi , so he is angry when he later finds out from Guglielmo that the medallion with his portrait has been so quickly given away to a new lover .
Alfonso tells the sisters that Ferrando and Guglielmo are on their way to the house .
Krefeld is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia , near DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Diablo is a fantasy role playing computer game .
A sequel of the game , Diablo II , was made .
1916 -LRB- MCMXVI -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar .
Charles IX of France -LRB- June 27 , 1550 â `` May 30 , 1574 -RRB- was a King of France and a member of the house of Valois .
Moyet 's pop career began in 1981 when she formed the electropop group Yazoo with former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke .
She left school age 16 and trained as a piano tuner .
In 1983 Moyet and Clarke decided to quit Yazoo .
Alison Moyet was born in Billericay , Essex , England . Her father was French , and her mother was English .
She was involved in a number of punk rock , pub rock and blues bands in the South East Essex area during the late 1970s and early 1980s , including The Vandals and the Screamin ' Ab Dabs , The Vicars and The Little Roosters .
She grew up in Basildon , where she attended school .
Alison Moyet -LRB- born Genevieve Alison Jane Moyet on 18 June 1961 -RRB- , is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice .
Yazoo had several hits , including `` Only You '' , `` Do n't Go '' , `` Situation '' and `` Nobody 's Diary '' , and recorded two albums , ` Upstairs at Eric 's ' and ` You and Me Both ' .
Moyet reunited with Clarke as Yazoo for of live tour during 2008 .
Vincly is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Beacon is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Year 1445 was a common year . It started on a Friday .
Schlenkerla is a famous old brewery and tavern in Bamberg , Bavaria , Germany .
It is known for its smoked beer which is called `` Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier '' -LRB- `` real Schlenkerla smoked beer '' -RRB- .
Arsac is a commune .
An evil alien monster called Tatanga comes to a kingdom called Sarasa Land and kidnaps Princess Daisy .
Super Mario Land is a platform video game made by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console .
Mario comes to save her and has to go through four worlds and defeat Tatanga 's four minions and rescue Daisy from Tatanga .
Ternat is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
Tlaloc would require weeping boys in the first months of the Aztec calendar to be ritually murdered .
Human sacrifices would prevent the end of the world that could happen on each cycle of 52 years .
A number of mummies of sacrificed children have been recovered in the Inca regions of South America .
In the 1487 re-consecration of the Great Pyramid of Tenochtitlan many prisoners were sacrificed .
The Aztecs were particularly noted for practicing human sacrifice on a large scale ; an offering to Huitzilopochtli would be made to restore the blood he lost , as the sun was engaged in a daily battle .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
The only serum that could stop the outbreak was in Anchorage , nearly a thousand miles -LRB- 1,600 km -RRB- away .
The only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was taken out of winter storage , but its engine was frozen and would not start ; after considering alternatives , officials decided to move the medicine by sled dog .
More than 20 mushers took part , facing a blizzard with â 53 Â F temperatures and strong winds .
The serum was transported by train from Anchorage to Nenana , where the first musher embarked as part of a relay aimed at delivering the needed serum to Nome .
In January 1925 , doctors realized that a potentially deadly diphtheria epidemic was poised to sweep through Nome 's young people .
Alexander von Humboldt -LRB- Berlin , 14 September 1769 â `` Berlin , 6 May 1859 -RRB- was a Prussian naturalist and explorer .
He married Maria Elizabeth von Colomb in 1766 .
Humboldt was born in Berlin . His father , Alexander Georg von Humboldt , was a major in the Prussian Army .
Humboldt was born in Berlin .
His father , Alexander Georg von Humboldt , was a major in the Prussian Army .
Humboldt 's work on botanical geography was very important in the field of biogeography .
Together , the combination of an operating system and computer architecture is commonly referred to as a platform .
Westport is a town in South Western Connecticut .
Tsuyoshi Yoshitake -LRB- born 8 September 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Gilmar Rinaldi -LRB- born 13 January 1959 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The letter told William that if he were to land in England with a small army , they would rise up and support him .
It was carried to William in The Hague by Rear Admiral Arthur Herbert -LRB- the later Lord Torrington -RRB- disguised as a common sailor . It was read by a secret code .
The invitation made William decide to carry out his existing plans to land with a large Dutch army . This ended in the Glorious Revolution during which James was taken off king and replaced by William and Mary as joint rulers .
They were later named the Immortal Seven . They sent this letter to William III , Prince of Orange , received by him on 30 June 1688 -LRB- Julian calendar , 10 July Gregorian calendar -RRB- .
In England a Catholic male heir to the throne , James Francis Edward Stuart , had been born . The letter asked William to force the ruling king , his father-in-law James II of England to make William 's Protestant wife Mary , James 's oldest daughter , the heir .
The Anti-Comintern Pact was a pact between Nazi Germany and the Empire of Japan , which would later joined by more countries , on Novermber 25 , 1936 . It was set up to directly against Comintern -LRB- Communist International -RRB- , an organization of the Soviet Union .
Castlebar and Ballina are the two towns with the most people living in them in the county .
Brandon McKinney -LRB- born August 24 , 1983 in Dayton , Ohio -RRB- is an American Football nose tackle for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
McKinney did n't get drafted but played college football at Michigan State University .
SoucÃ is a commune of 180 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
The National Register of Historic Places -LRB- NRHP -RRB- is the United States government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures , and objects worthy of preservation .
Each year around 30,000 properties are added to the National Register as part of districts or through individual listings .
The National Register of Historic Places -LRB- NRHP -RRB- is the United States government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures , and objects worthy of preservation . The passing of the National Historic Preservation Act -LRB- NHPA -RRB- in 1966 created the National Register and the method for adding properties to it .
The rest of the properties are smaller contributing properties that are part of historic districts .
There are more than one million properties on the National Register , 80,000 are listed by themselves .
The passing of the National Historic Preservation Act -LRB- NHPA -RRB- in 1966 created the National Register and the method for adding properties to it .
There are about 29 other radioactive isotopes .
It has two stable isotopes . They are 79Br and 81Br .
Bromine is quite reactive . Its reactivity is between chlorine , which is more reactive , and iodine , which is less reactive .
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune of 262 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Lozinghem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Baulne-en-Brie is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Redevelopment is any new construction on a place which is already in use . An example is the redevelopment of a block of small houses into a large apartment .
The sculpture was made from the same weathering steel -LRB- also known as Cor-Ten -RRB- as the Angel of the North sculpture . This slowly develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .
Despite Gormley 's plea , removal of B of the Bang began in April 2009 .
In May 2006 a total of nine spikes were removed from the sculpture and taken away for metallurgical analysis , to discover the stresses being placed on the steel .
It was taken apart in 2009 due to structural problems .
B of the Bang originally stood 56 m tall . It had 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes coming out of a central core .
One possibility involved the replacement of the steel spikes with alternatives made from carbon fiber , although the report underlined the necessity for extensive testing .
This was the largest load that could be transferred via road from the factory , and required a police escort .
As a result some of the joints were re-welded , with equipment put in place to prevent excessive movement .
After inspection , the event went ahead as planned .
Six days before the launch , the sculpture suffered the first of three visible structural problems . The tip of one of the spikes came off and fell to the ground .
The report recognized the sculpture 's aesthetic value for Manchester and Manchester City Council committed itself to working with the artist to reach a long-term solution .
The sculpture was commissioned in 2003 . Construction went longer than planned and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 January 2005 .
The artwork had been nicknamed KerPlunk by the locals after the popular children 's game from the 1970s .
It was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
It took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie in which he said that he started his races not merely at the ` bang ' of the starting pistol , but at ` The B of the Bang ' .
The location of the time capsule after being taken apart is currently unknown .
Legal action started a year later , resulting in an out-of-court settlement totalling Â # 1.7 m.
In total the sculpture cost Â # 1.42 million to design and construct â '' twice the original estimate , as the initial costing had neglected to include installation costs .
The design was selected by a panel consisting of both local residents and art experts via a competition in 2002 . The sculpture was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
Angel of the North stands at 66 f. It was designed to look like an exploding firework . It was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
It was approved at the start of 2003 , with the central core arriving in Manchester on the 13 June 2004 .
Funding was sourced from a European Regional Development Fund contribution of Â # 700,000 , the North West Development Agency , contributing Â # 500,000 , and Manchester City Council providing Â # 120,000 .
It was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , tapered steel legs . These connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang .
In February 2009 Manchester City Council announced that the sculpture would be taken apart and placed in storage , as the `` only practical alternative '' .
The tip of one of the 2.1 m spikes detached and fell from the sculpture on the 6 January 2005 , only six days before the official unveiling .
Four months later , in May 2005 , a second spike had to be cut off by firefighters after it was discovered hanging loose .
This layer prevents further corrosion by reducing its permeability to water .
This consisted of retrofitting tip weights to 170 of the spikes .
The foundations are 20 m deep .
The official unveiling by Linford Christie took place on 12 January 2005 .
The sculpture weighed 165 tonnes . The concrete in the foundations weighed over 1,000 tonnes , including a 400 m reinforced concrete slab .
As part of the design , the spikes moved slightly in the wind in order to withstand gusts over 100 m. At the time of construction a time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of the sculpture . It contained children 's poems and paintings , due to be opened around 2300 .
The agreement was to pay the council Â # 1.7 m in damages for breach of contract and negligence .
Despite the promise of storage and potential reassembly , the core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal .
In January 2009 , Antony Gormley , creator of the Angel of the North â '' to which B of the Bang is often compared â '' spoke out in support of the sculpture , stating that , `` It is a great tribute to Manchester that this ground-breaking work was commissioned .
This central core was lifted into place in August 2004 , after which the 180 spikes could begin being attached .
In November 2008 this culminated in an out-of-court settlement being reached between Manchester City Council , the project 's designers Thomas Heatherwick Studio Ltd , and the engineering and construction subcontractors Packman Lucas Ltd , Flint and Neill Partnership and Westbury Structures Ltd. .
Despite these modifications , B of the Bang remained fenced off , prompting a local newspaper campaign to ` Get It Sorted ' .
Commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games , it was one of the tallest structures in the City of Manchester . It was the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008 .
It was announced in October 2007 that Manchester City Council were taking legal action against the makers of the sculpture , with the aim of completing the necessary repairs to the sculpture .
Acting on a report in January 2009 , the city council recommended that B of the Bang should be dismantled and placed in storage until funds could be raised for its safe reinstatement .
To allow it to disappear would be a loss not just of an inspirational artwork but also of the council 's nerve . ''
The sculpture was constructed in Sheffield by Thomas Heatherwick Studio , Packman Lucas , Flint and Neill and Westbury Structures .
B of the Bang was a sculpture in Manchester , England , located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity . The work was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
The sculpture took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie . In the quotation he said that he started his races not at the `` bang '' of the starting pistol , but at ` The B of the Bang ' .
More substantial hoarding was erected around the site and demolition firm Connell Bros Ltd. began removing the spikes with oxyacetylene cutting equipment .
At that time the sculpture was closed off to the public , and the junction and pathway near the sculpture were temporarily closed .
B of the Bang was located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity , in Beswick , at the corner of Alan Turing Way and Ashton New Road ; coordinates .
The council said it was committed to working closely with the design team in order to `` determine whether there is a robust and affordable strategy for the re-construction of the structure on the site '' .
It was commissioned by New East Manchester Limited to commemorate the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
Although the council had earlier promised to store the complex central core and legs , these too were cut apart during removal , casting doubt on future prospects for the landmark sculpture 's return .
Brian May , the only child of Harold and Ruth May , was born in Hampton , London and attended Hampton Grammar School -LRB- now Hampton School -RRB- .
Apart from music , May earned his PhD in astrophysics in 2007 and is currently the Chancellor of Liverpool John Moores University .
-LRB- 4 -RRB- During this time he formed his first band with vocalist and bassist Tim Staffell named Nineteen Eighty-Four after George Orwell 's novel of the same name .
-LRB- 5 -RRB- He graduated from Hampton Grammar School with ten GCE Ordinary Levels and four Advanced Levels in Physics , Mathematics , Applied Mathematics and Additional Mathematics .
May was ranked 39th in Rolling Stone Magazine 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time . ''
There are stories of pigs , sheep or other domestic farm animals consuming duroplast .
Duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixing formica and bakelite reinforced with fibers -LRB- either cotton or wool -RRB- or glass fibers .
It was also made of recycled material , cotton waste from Russia and phenol resins from the East German dye industry making the Trabant the first car with a body made of recycled material .
Duroplast can not be completely recycled , and burning it produces toxic fumes , so disposing of the bodies of old Trabants is a problem .
Duroplast was used by Eastern European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the popular Trabant motor car , toilet seats , and parts for the BMW X3 .
Because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel , it 's easy to produced .
A Berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem : a bacterium that will eat a Trabant in 20 days and leave only compost .
Apart from the use in cars duroplast was also used to make suitcases .
Duroplast was first used in the body of the IFA F8 and later also the AWZ P70 or Zwickau P70 and later used in the body of the Trabant .
Duroplast is light , flexible , and strong .
The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles , entertainment profiles , actor biographies and user forums .
BuddyTV is an entertainment-based website based in Seattle , Washington , which generates content about television programs and sporting events .
The Allegheny Mountain Range -LRB- also spelled Alleghany and Allegany -RRB- are a mountain range in Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia , and West Virginia . The Allegheny mountains are a part of the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern United States and Canada .
This template , , returns the number of trailing zeroes after the decimal point .
CÃ cents rna is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
On 4 October 1943 , Himmler spoke of the extermination of the Jewish people during a secret SS meeting in the city of PoznaÅ -LRB- Posen -RRB- .
Himmler 's SS -LRB- theTotenkopfverbÃ nde -RRB- organized and administered Germanyâ s regime of concentration camps and , after 1941 , the holocaust in Poland .
The SS , through its Security Service -LRB- Sicherheitsdienst , or SD -RRB- , hunted down Jews , Gypsies , communists and any persons who the Nazis believed to be either Untermensch -LRB- sub-human -RRB- or against the regime . They were brought to concentration camps .
Himmler opened the first of these camps at Dachau on 22 March 1933 .
The San Gabriel Valley Tribune is the daily newspaper located in West Covina , California . It serves the San Gabriel Valley .
Thomson sold the Tribune to Singleton 's MediaNews Group in 1996 .
It is also part of the San Gabriel Valley Newspaper Group , along with the Pasadena Star-News and the Whittier Daily News .
The newspaper chain Brush-Moore bought the Tribune in 1960 .
The Tribune is a member of the Los Angeles Newspaper Group , a division of MediaNews Group .
Thomson Newspapers purchased Brush-Moore in 1967 .
In 1976 , the government decided to have a single military headquarters .
At first the Australian Government set up three separate armed services .
It is made up of the Royal Australian Navy , the Australian Army , the Royal Australian Air Force and a number of joint groups .
The Australian Defense Force -LRB- ADF -RRB- is the military organization responsible for the defense of Australia .
Class 159 trains are almost the same as Class 158s .
British Rail Class 158 Express Sprinter is a type of diesel multiple unit -LRB- DMU -RRB- train . They were built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works .
They were built to replace old DMUs and locomotive-hauled passenger trains .
Valletta is the capital city of Malta . It was founded by Jean Parisot de la Valette , the Grandmaster of the Order of Saint John on March 28 , 1566 .
The Advertising Council , mostly called as the Ad Council , is an American non-profit organization that creates public service announcements on behalf of sponsors , including non-profit organizations and the United States government .
The Advertising Council was created in 1941 , and shortly after , in February 1942 , it was registered as the The War Advertising Council for the purpose of being in the advertising industry in support of the war effort .
In 1945 , the Ad Council began working with the National Safety Council .
The Advertising Council does not make public service advertisements for itself but it acts as a creator of them for others .
After the Second World War the War Advertising Council changed its name to the Advertising Council and shifted its focus to peacetime ads .
The Advertising Council allows sponsor organizations to create advertising that are on social issues as well .
Naoki Sakai -LRB- born 2 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japansse football player .
Germagnat is a commune .
Ammit was the Egyptian idea of the punishment of the soul . Ammit was believed to eat any souls found to have sin .
An art museum or art gallery is a place where works of arts are shown for people to look at . These works of art are usually paintings , but they can also be sculptures , photographs or other visual art works .
The East Bay is a subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area , California , United States .
Courroux is a municipality of the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
It is found three kilometers southeast of the city of DelÃ mont . .
The British Rail Class 127 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby in 1959 .
Thirty 4-car units were built , formed of two outer driving motor vehicles , sandwiching two intermediate trailers .
The technical description of such as 4-car unit was DMBS + TSL + TS + DMBS .
Valeri Nepomniachi -LRB- born 7 August 1943 -RRB- is a Russian football manager .
It was used for the production of brass in the city of Stolberg .
Riesa is a town in the district of MeiÃ en in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
It is located at the river Elbe , about 40 km northwest of the Saxnony capital Dresden .
The POV of the editor-in-chief : \* Wikizine is small in the number of staff members and readers : \* Wikizine will never ever knowingly report lies : \* Wikizine makes no guarantee of validity : \* Wikizine considers itself an independent publication : \* Wikizine is not a publication of the Wikimedia Foundation : \* Wikizine is ugly and proud of it .
: Wikizine is a news letter .
News items that are only for a specific wiki is not included . : \* The target audience are sysops and higher , ambassadors , board members of the chapters : \* It is written in English but it is for people from many languages : \* It is hoped that the readers will spread the news that is relevant for their home-wiki to their local community and that they report news back upstream so it can be shared with the rest of the Wikimedia community : \* It is POV .
Plain text only , distribution by email : \* Wikizine is available under the GNU Free Documentation License
: If you like to show your support for Wikizine you can put a banner on your userpage .
It tries to bring the most important news from the global Wikimedia family for everybody involved with Wikimedia .
org An independent internal news bulletin for the members of the Wikimedia community
Jonathan Woodgate -LRB- born 22 January 1980 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Tottenham Hotspur .
Also includes commentary on music videos by Oasis members .
All tracks recorded live at the London Roundhouse from the iTunes Festival 2009 .
Tracks 1 , 7 , 12 and 20 are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
A boxset featuring postcards of the sleeves of every UK Oasis single was released concurrently with the album .
The record features the songs `` Whatever '' and `` Lord Do n't Slow Me Down '' which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album .
The album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009 .
Two iTunes Live Festival videos of `` Half the World Away '' and `` Slide Away '' are only available with the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
Five different versions of the album were released . They are the 2CD version , DVD , the Deluxe Box Set , 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition .
, and `` Little by Little '' .
The DVD includes all the music videos from `` Supersonic '' to `` Falling Down '' , and in addition , previous unreleased live video versions of `` Gas Panic ! ''
`` Sunday Morning Call '' is not listed anywhere on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on Disc 2 , track 13 .
In Japan it entered the charts at number 2 with sales of 59,348 copies . The album entered the charts at number 1 in the UK with the second highest first week sales in 2010 to date with 101,297 .
Time Flies ... 1994 â `` 2009 is a compilation album released by the rock band Oasis .
The reason for this is not known .
Macaroni and cheese , also known as mac and cheese , macaroni cheese , or macaroni pie , is a dish that consists of noodles and a cheese sauce .
Fastow was born in Houston , Texas , born to a Jewish family . Her family had grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors WRI .
She graduated from Tufts University , where she met her husband . She earned an MBA at Northwestern University .
Lea Weingarten Fastow -LRB- born December 1961 -RRB- is the wife of former Enron executive and felon Andrew Fastow , and is the second former Enron executive to go to prison after Enron collapsed due to fraud in December 2001 .
They were the first American team in the NHL , in 1924 .
The Boston Bruins are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Kowloon Walled City was a tiny Chinese enclave in Hong Kong .
Marlow is a town on the banks of the River Thames , on the southern tip of Buckinghamshire , England .
There are eleven main categories which each have many subcategories .
The district was created in 1993 by joining the old districts Belzig , Brandenburg-Land and Potsdam-Land .
Potsdam-Mittelmark is a Kreis -LRB- district -RRB- in the western part of Brandenburg , Germany .
Zonnebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Muri bei Bern is a township in Switzerland near Bern .
Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune of 435 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Leury is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
In that image , Mary too was shown pointing to her Immaculate Heart , expressing her love for the human race and for her Son , Jesus Christ .
PÃ re Eudes was the apostle of the Heart of Mary ; but in his devotion to the Immaculate Heart there was a share for the Heart of Jesus .
From the time of John the Evangelist and Paul of Tarsus within Christianity there have always been various devotions to the love of God , but there is nothing to indicate that , during the first ten centuries of Christianity , any specific devotion was rendered to the wounded Heart of Jesus .
Peter Coudrin of France founded the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary on Dec 24 , 1800 .
The Catholic acts of consecration , reparation and devotion were introduced when the feast of the Sacred Heart was declared .
It was in the fervent atmosphere of the Benedictine or Cistercian monasteries , in the world of those who followed the teachings of St. Anselm or St. Bernard of Clairveaux , that the devotion arose , although it is impossible to say positively what were its first texts or who were its first devotees c. To St. Gertrude , St. Mechtilde , and the author of the `` Vitis mystica '' -LRB- previously ascribed to St. Bernard , now attributed to St. Bonaventure -RRB- it was already well known .
These alleged revelations were numerous , and the following apparitions are especially remarkable :
From the 13th century to the sixteenth century , the devotion was propagated but it did not seem to have developed in itself .
It was , nevertheless , a private , individual devotion of the mystical order .
In his Papal Bull `` Auctorem Fidei '' , Pope Pius VI praised devotion to the Sacred Heart .
The practice of the Enthronement is based upon Pope Pius XII 's declaration that devotion to the Sacred of Jesus is `` the foundation on which to build the kingdom of God in the hearts of individuals , families , and nations ... '' -LRB- 4 -RRB-
Little by little , the devotion to the Sacred Heart became a separate one , and on August 31 , 1670 , the first feast of the Sacred Heart was celebrated in the Grand Seminary of Rennes .
Sacred Heart is still a widely used name for many Catholic institutions , including schools , colleges , and hospitals in many countries around the world .
It is common in Roman Catholic services and occasionally is to be found in Anglican services .
Coutances followed suit on October 20 , a day with which the Eudist feast was from then on to be connected .
The devotion spread , particularly in religious communities .
It was everywhere practiced by individuals and by different religious congregations , such as the Franciscans , Dominicans , Carthusians , etc. .
The mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts .
It is also the name of many Catholic parishes , religious orders , and stores selling Catholic goods .
The Feast of the Sacred Heart is a holy day in the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar , and is celebrated 19 days after Pentecost .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- In the eleventh and twelfth centuries the first indications of devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus are found .
The Marseilles plague , 1720 , furnished perhaps the first occasion for a solemn consecration and public worship outside of religious communities .
There is nothing to indicate that she had known the devotion prior to the revelations , or at least that she had paid any attention to it .
Worship of the Sacred Heart mainly consists of several hymns , the Salutation of the Sacred Heart , and the Litany of the Sacred Heart .
In his letter to Father Kolvenbach , Pope Benedict reaffirmed the importance of the devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus .
It was established as a devotion with prayers already formulated and special exercises , found in the writings of Lanspergius -LRB- d. 1539 -RRB- of the Carthusians of Cologne , the Louis of Blois -LRB- Blosius ; 1566 -RRB- , a Benedictine and Abbot of Liessies in Hainaut , John of Avila -LRB- d. 1569 -RRB- and St. Francis de Sales , the latter belonging to the seventeenth century .
Since c. 1850 , groups , congregations , and States have consecrated themselves to the Sacred Heart .
The image of the Sacred Heart of Jesus was everywhere in evidence , largely due to the Franciscan devotion to the Five Wounds and to the habit formed by the Jesuits of placing the image on their title-page of their books and the walls of their churches .
He also made use of every available opportunity to circulate this account , discreetly , through France and England .
The feast soon spread to other dioceses , and the devotion was likewise adopted in various religious communities .
However , in 1765 , it finally yielded and that same year , at the request of the queen , the feast was received quasi-officially by the episcopate of France .
The little book was widely read , even at Paray .
On all sides it was asked for and obtained , and finally , in 1856 , at the urgent entreaties of the French bishops , Pope Pius IX extended the feast to the Catholic Church under the rite of double major .
A few days after the `` great apparition '' , Margaret Mary reported everything she saw to Father de la ColombiÃ re , and he acknowledging the vision as an action of the spirit of God , consecrated himself to the Sacred Heart and directed her to write an account of the apparition .
Religious imagery depicting the Sacred Heart is frequently featured in Catholic , and sometimes Anglican homes .
A blessed image of the Sacred Heart , either a statue or a picture , is then `` enthroned '' in the home to serve as a constant reminder to those who dwell in the house of their consecration to the Sacred Heart .
On May 15 , 2006 , Pope Benedict XVI sent a letter to FatherPeter Hans Kolvenbach , the Superior General of the Society of Jesus , on the 50th Anniversary of the encyclical `` Haurietis Aquas '' , about the Sacred Heart , by Pope Pius XII .
In 1889 it was raised by the Catholic Church to the double rite of first class .
The prayer `` O Sacred Heart of Jesus , I place all my trust in Thee '' is often used .
Sometimes images display beneath them a list of family members , indicating that the entire family is entrusted to the protection of Jesus in the Sacred Heart , from whom blessings on the home and the family members are sought .
Outside of the Visitandines , priests , religious , and laymen espoused the devotion , particularly a Capuchin , Margaret Mary 's two brothers , and some Jesuits , among the latter being Fathers Croiset and Gallifet , who promoted the devotion .
The Enthronement of the Sacred Heart is a Catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the Sacred Heart .
Nevertheless , the devotion remained an individual , or at least a private , devotion .
The most significant source for the devotion to the Sacred Heart in the form it is known today was a nun of the religious congregation of the Visitation of Mary Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque -LRB- 1647-1690 -RRB- , who claimed to have received visions of Jesus Christ .
Jean Eudes -LRB- 1602-1680 -RRB- made it public , gave it an Office , and established a feast for it .
Finally , by order of Leo XIII , in his encyclical `` Annum Sacrum '' -LRB- May 25 , 1899 -RRB- , as well as on June 11 , he consecrated every human to the Sacred Heart .
In the sixteenth century , the devotion passed from the domain of mysticism into that of Christian asceticism .
Nothing of a general movement had been inaugurated , except for similarities found in the devotion to the Five Wounds by the Franciscans , in which the wound in Jesus ' Heart figured most prominently .
Margaret Mary reported feeling `` dreadful confusion '' over the book 's contents , but resolved to make the best of it , approving of the book for the spreading of her cherished devotion .
In spite of all sorts of obstacles , and of the slowness of the Holy See , which in 1693 imparted indulgences to the Confraternities of the Sacred Heart and , in 1697 , granted the feast to the Visitandines with the Mass of the Five Wounds , but refused a feast common to all , with special Mass and Office .
Other cities of the South followed the example of Marseilles , and thus the devotion became a popular one .
It gradually came into contact with the devotion begun at Paray , and resulting in a fusion of the two .
In 1726 it was deemed advisable once more to importune Rome for a feast with a Mass and Office of its own , but , in 1729 , Rome again refused .
This journal , including the account and an `` offering '' to the Sacred Heart , in which the devotion was well explained , was published at Lyons in 1684 .
The historical record from that time shows an early bringing to light of the devotion .
Ascetic writers spoke of it , especially those of the Society of Jesus .
The idea of this act , which Leo XIII called `` the great act '' of his pontificate , had been proposed to him by a religious woman of the Good Shepherd from Oporto -LRB- Portugal -RRB- who said that she had supernaturally received it from Jesus .
The death of Margaret Mary , October 17 , 1690 , did not dampen the zeal of those interested ; on the contrary , a short account of her life published by Father Croiset in 1691 , as an appendix to his book `` De la DÃ votion au SacrÃ CÅ `` ur '' , served only to increase it .
For a list of institutions named after the Sacred Heart , see Sacred Heart -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
A religious order of the Roman Catholic Church , the order is best known for its missionary work in Hawaii .
At his death , February 15 , 1682 , there was found in his journal of spiritual retreats a copy in his own handwriting of the account that he had requested of Margaret Mary , together with a few reflections on the usefulness of the devotion .
One particular image has been used as part of a set , along with an image of the Blessed Virgin Mary .
As Pentecost is always celebrated on Sunday , the Feast of the Sacred Heart always falls on a Friday .
Silver -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride is a chemical compound .
Eduardo De Filippo or simply Eduardo was an Italian actor , playwright , screenwriter , author and poet . He was born in Naples May 24 1900 and died in Rome October 31 1984 .
Note : in Bulgarian , reka means river .
Paktia -LRB- Pashto : Ù 3\/4 Ú Ø Ù Ø - PaktyÄ -RRB- is a province under Afghanistan .
The London Borough of Redbridge is a London borough in north east London .
LibÃ ration -LRB- also called as LibÃ -RRB- is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris in 1973 by Jean-Paul Sartre .
Suzy , Aisne is a commune .
Carl Michael Edwards , II -LRB- born August 15 , 1979 -RRB- is an American racecar driver who drives the # 99 Aflac Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing in the Nascar Sprint cup series . Edwards was the 2007 Nationwide series .
FlÃ chin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Beaurains is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Roasted eggs are used at the Jewish holiday of Passover Eating raw eggs is not recommended for people who may be likely to catch to salmonella , such as the elderly , the infirm , or pregnant women .
They can be pickled ; hard-boiled , soft-boiled , scrambled , fried and refrigerated ; or eaten raw .
Most eggs that are eaten by humans , including birds ' eggs and turtle 's eggs , have a protective , oval eggshell , the albumen -LRB- egg white -RRB- , the vitellus -LRB- egg yolk -RRB- , and various thin membranes , that are layers like skin . Every part of the egg is edible , although the eggshell is usually thrown away .
Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of cooking . Dishes that use eggs range from both sweet to savoury dishes .
Most commercially produced chicken eggs intended for human consumption are unfertilized , because hens are kept without any roosters .
Fertile eggs can be bought and eaten as well .
The most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken , the duck , and the goose , but smaller eggs such as quail eggs are occasionally used as a gourmet ingredient , as are the largest bird eggs , from ostriches .
The body can use about 91 % of the protein of a cooked eggs , nearly twice as much as from a raw egg .
Only selenium tetrachloride escapes . This is reduced to selenium again , making pure selenium .
This can be used to purify selenium . Impure selenium can be placed in the flask , reacted with chlorine .
It reacts with selenium dioxide to make selenium oxychloride , a mixture of selenium dioxide and selenium tetrachloride bonded together .
Only selenium tetrachloride escapes .
Selenium tetrachloride is a yellow or white solid .
It is used to make other selenium compounds .
Maurice Garin -LRB- March 3 1871 - February 19 1957 -RRB- was a road bicycle racer . He is best known for winning the 1903 Tour de France - the very first running of the race .
Margaux is a commune . It is found in the Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The other penguins become interested and begin dancing .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
However , Noah the Elder feels that the recent lack of fish , the penguins ' main food , is a punishment sent from their god in order to punish them for allowing Mumble 's dancing .
Happy Feet was dedicated to the following people : Nick Enright , Michael Jonson , Robby McNeilly Green , and Steve Irwin .
He therefore exiles Mumble from the colony , but before he leaves , Mumbles tells them that he will find the real cause of the famine .
Returning home , Mumble and his friends find Gloria in the center of attention as her `` Heartsong '' is very attractive to the other penguins .
Another branch of KU , called the Edwards Campus , is located in Overland Park , Kansas .
The KU Medical Center , which is one branch of the University of Kansas , is located in Kansas City , Kansas , which is east of Lawrence .
The University of Kansas is a public university in Lawrence , Kansas , a hilly city in northeastern Kansas . It is often abbreviated as `` KU '' .
It has population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the West Nusa Tenggara province .
Gili Air is the smallest of the Gilis and it 's closest to the Lombok mainland , making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat .
The island offers excellent snorkeling and SCUBA diving off its east coast , and turtles can be seen along the coral reef .
`` Cartman Gets an Anal Probe '' is the first episode of the first season of South Park .
Stan , Kyle and Wendy meet at Stark 's Pondand Wendy suggests that they use the device in Cartman 's rear-end to contact the aliens , the boys tie Cartman to a tree and a 80 foot Satellite dish emerges from Cartman 's rear-end .
In this episode , Stan , Kyle along with his brother Ike , Kenny and Cartman are standing at the bus stop and Cartman begins telling them about the dream he had last night about being abducted by visitors , The other boys begin telling Cartman that he was actually abducted by alien but Cartman refuses to believe them .
The spaceship appears and Kyle 's brother Ike leaps to safety , The aliens then begin to talk to the cows seeing them as the smartest speices on the planet and Cartman is abducted yet again but is returned to the bus stop the next day .
As the boys get on the bus and drive off they watch in horror as the aliens abduct Ike .
The boys are in the the cafeteria and after Chef sees a machine emerge from Cartman 's rear-end , Chef helps the boys escape the school to save Kyle 's brother Ike by pulling the fire alarm .
It first started on the Comedy Central in the United States on August 13 , 1997 .
WWE No Mercy was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Following the Turko-Persian Mahmud of Ghazni 's Ghaznavid conquest of South Asia , a hybrid language of Turkish , Arabic and Persian and local dialects began to form , one that would eventually be known as Urdu .
Under Persian influence from the state , the Persian script and Nasta ` liq form of cursive writing was adopted , with additional figures added to accommodate the Indic phonetic system .
This language was called Zaban-e-Ordu -LRB- ` language of the army ' -RRB- to distinguish it from Farsi , the court language , and was later shortened to just Urdu .
Many distinctly Persian forms of literature , such as Ghazal , Qasida , Marsia and Nazms , caried over into Urdu literature , producing a distinct melding of Iranian and South Asian heritages .
Some grammatical elements peculiar to Persian , such as the enclitic ezÄ fe , and the use of the takhallus , were readily absorbed into Urdu literature both religious and secular .
A famous cross-over writer was Amir Khusro , whose Persian and Urdu couplets are to this day read in South Asia .
Urdu is a morpho-syntax\/grammatically an Indic language , written in the Perso-Arabic script , and contains literary conventions and specialised vocabulary largely from Persian .
Despite the heavy influence of Persian on Urdu , linguistically , Urdu is not classified as an Iranian language -LRB- as is Persian -RRB- but rather as an Indo-Aryan language -LRB- like Punjabi , Gujarati , Punjabi , Seraiki and Sindhi -RRB- .
The Persian language influenced the formation of many modern languages of the Greater Middle East , Central Asia , and South Asian regions , including Urdu .
It grew from the interaction of Persian and Turkic speaking Muslim soldiers and the native peoples .
Urdu soon gained distinction in literary and cultural spheres because of the hybrid nature of the language .
Canadian Tire has their own kind of money which distinguishes the company from other retailers in Canada .
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune .
It is 303 meters -LRB- 995 feet -RRB- tall and has 64 floors .
Two Prudential Plaza is a skyscraper in Chicago , United States .
The city also has Riverside Municipal Museum , the California Museum of Photography , and the California Citrus State Historic Park . In 1873 , the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree was planted in Riverside , and it is one of two original orange trees in California .
The city is the 61st biggest city in the United States and the 12th biggest city in California .
In 1873 , the Parent Washington Navel Orange Tree was planted in Riverside , and it is one of two original orange trees in California .
Riverside has a few schools , including La Sierra University , California Baptist College , and the University of California-Riverside . The city also has Riverside Municipal Museum , the California Museum of Photography , and the California Citrus State Historic Park .
Riverside is a big city in California . It is the county seat of Riverside County .
Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Anyone who wants to contribute to Knol must first sign in , with a Google account . The users should give their real names .
Readers who are logged in with a google account can comment on entries , rate them or suggest changes . This works much like a blog .
What you 're seeing here , slowly , is Google embracing an advertising-driven model , in which money will have a greater impact on what people have ready access to . ''
The non-profit Wikimedia Foundation , which owns the name Wikipedia and the servers hosting the Wikipedia projects , welcomed the Google Knol initiative saying that `` The more good free content , the better for the world . ''
All knols are licensed by default under the Creative Commons CC-BY-3 .0 license . This license allows anyone to reuse the material as long as the original author is named , but authors may choose the CC-BY-NC-3 .0 license -LRB- which prohibits commercial reuse -RRB- or traditional all rights reserved copyright protections instead .
The project was announced on December 13 , 2007 and opened in beta to the public on July 23 , 2008 . When it was opened , there were a few hundred articles mostly about health and medicine .
Jeff Chester , executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy , raised similar concerns : `` At the end of the day , there 's a fundamental conflict between the business Google is in and its social goals .
Also forbidden is discriminatory or violent content .
Knol has `` nofollow '' outgoing links , using an HTML directive . This prevents links in its articles from influencing search engine rankings .
Content designed to promote businesses , products or services is allowed , but articles devoid of substantive content and created solely to generate ad revenue are not .
If permission is given , Google will check if the name is true . Google will do this by credit card or phone .
When the project was announced , Manber said that `` Google will not serve as an editor in any way , and will not bless any content .
Knol has a policy that specifies topics that are unacceptable for the project .
Google '' -LRB- believes -RRB- that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content '' . The company hopes that `` knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line '' .
People have described Knol as a rival to other encyclopedia sites such as Wikipedia and Scholarpedia .
Knol is a Google project which aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics .
There has been debate whether Google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest .
According to Danny Sullivan , the editor of Search Engine Land , `` Googleâ s goal of making Knol pages easy to find on search engines could conflict with its need to remain unbiased . ''
The term knol , which Google defines as a `` unit of knowledge '' , refers to both the project and an article in the project .
Several experts see Knol as Google 's attempt to compete with Wikipedia , while others point out the differences between the projects .
Relevant nudity is allowed -LRB- in most countries -RRB- , but pornography , commercial or otherwise , is forbidden .
All editorial responsibilities and control will rest with the authors . ''
Antonio da Sangallo the Younger , born Antonio Cordiani -LRB- April 12 , 1484 - August 3 , 1546 -RRB- was an Italian architect active during the Italian Renaissance .
In 1976 , it was released as part of the album Never Mind the Bollocks : Here 's the Sex Pistols .
`` Anarchy in the U.K. '' is a punk rock song by the Sex Pistols .
Megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from Australia , it contains the oldest known echidna species .
Adding an parameter allows extra CSS classes to be specified .
In most cases one wo n't need the , but if there 's an anywhere in the text provided , it is necessary .
This meta-template is used to style section hatnotes which direct users to related articles .
In February 2007 it was announced that Glau would be playing a role of Cameron Phillips in The Sarah Connor Chronicles , a spin-off of the Terminator series of movies . This character is a Terminator infiltration unit sent back to protect John Connor and Sarah Connor from Skynet .
Summer Glau -LRB- born July 24 , 1981 in San Antonio , Texas -RRB- is an American dancer and actress . She is best known for playing as River Tam in the science fiction television series Firefly and movie Serenity .
The rand is the South African currency .
The IMDb website started in October 1990 , and has been owned by Amazon.com since 1998 .
The Internet Movie Database -LRB- IMDb -RRB- is an online database of information -LRB- facts -RRB- about actors , movies , television shows , and video games .
Instrumentation is one of the science that studies measurement and control .
Lee County was created in 1887 .
Gyeongju was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Silla -LRB- 57 BC -- 935 AD -RRB- . Silla ruled most of the Korean Peninsula between the 7th and 9th centuries , and many archaeological sites from that time are still in the city .
Today , Gyeongju is not only influenced by its history -- it is influenced by the economic , demographic and social changes in South Korean culture .
This is why Gyeongju is often called `` the museum without walls '' .
Cheongdo and Yeongcheon are on the west side of the city . Ulsan is to the south side , and Pohang is to the north .
On the east there is the coast of the Sea of Japan -LRB- East Sea -RRB- .
Gyeongju -LRB- ê 1\/2 ì # 1\/4 -RRB- is a coastal city in the southeastern corner of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea .
Its economy is mostly based on tourism . Manufacturing has also developed because Gyeogju is near large industrial cities such as Ulsan and Pohang .
From southeast , Gyeongju is 370 k away from Seoul , and from the east , 55 k away from the provincial capital , Daegu .
There are 53 other small and medium-sized cities with about 300,000 or less people in South Korea .
The many important historical sites have helped Gyeongju become one of the most popular places in Korea for tourists .
In 1995 , the city of Gyeongju and Gyeongju County were put together .
For example , Gyeongju Historic Areas and Yangdong Folk Village were made World Heritage Sites by UNESCO .
It is the second largest city in the province -LRB- Andong is the first largest city -RRB- . It is 1324 k large , with 269,343 people living in the city , according to the 2008 census .
Louis married three times .
By Eleanor of Aquitaine , he had :
Louis VII , called the Younger or the Young -LRB- ; 1120 â `` 18 September 1180 -RRB- , was King of France from 1137 until his death . He was the son and successor of Louis VI .
A cheesesteak is a sandwich invented in Philadelphia . It is made of a long roll , cut in half and filled with thin slices of steak and covered with melted cheese .
An occultation is an event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer .
The word is often used in astronomy .
It can also be used in a non-astronomical sense to describe when an object in the foreground occults -LRB- covers up -RRB- objects in the background .
Both of Neely 's parents died of cancer and he set up the Cam Neely Foundation and helps cancer patients live in accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
Cameron Michael Neely -LRB- born June 6 , 1965 in Comox , British Columbia , Canada -RRB- is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey right winger that played for the Vancouver Canucks for 3 seasons and the Boston Bruins for 10 seasons .
Neely joined the 50 goals in 50 games club when he scored 50 goals in 44 games in 1993 â `` 94 .
Mantenay-Montlin is a commune .
The Norse colonies were later abandoned .
They named their new discovery Vinland .
The 1920s brought an age of great prosperity in the United States , and to a lesser degree Canada .
Mexico was not part of the war as the country was embroiled in the Mexican Revolution at the time .
The only Norse site yet discovered in North America is at L'Anse aux Meadows , Newfoundland and Labrador .
As part of a general age of discovery Italian sailor Christopher Columbus proposed a voyage west from Europe to find a shorter route to Asia .
The more southern cultural groups of North America were responsible for the domestication of many common crops now used around the world , such as tomatoes and squash .
Mexico experienced an era of huge economic growth after World War II , a heavy industrialization process and a growth of its middle class , a period known in Mexican history as the `` El Milagro Mexicano '' -LRB- Mexican miracle -RRB- .
The Caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , while on the largest island the Cuban Revolution introduced Cold War rivalries into Latin America .
The name and cultures that Europeans recorded for the natives were not necessarily the same as the ones they had used a few generations before , or the ones in use today .
Independence was declared in 1810 by Miguel Hidalgo , starting the Mexican War of Independence .
Several theoretical contacts have been proposed , but the earliest physical evidence comes to us from the Norse or Vikings .
By 1663 the French crown had taken over control of New France from the fur-trading companies , and the English charter colonies gave way to more metropolitan control .
As a result of the development of agriculture in the south , important cultural development was possible there .
As a result of conflict with Mexico , the United States made further territorial gains in California and the Southwest .
At home , the United States witnessed convulsive change especially in the area of race relations .
Territory often changed hands multiple times .
Upon the arrival of the Europeans in the `` New World '' , native peoples found their culture changed drastically .
The coming of the American Revolution had a great impact across the continent .
Likewise , Canada faced a division between French and English communities that led to the outbreak of civil strife in 1837 .
An attempt at northern expansion was blocked by Britain during the War of 1812 .
The first successful English settlements were at Jamestown -LRB- 1607 -RRB- -LRB- along with its satellite , Bermuda in 1609 -RRB- and Plymouth -LRB- 1620 -RRB- , in what are today Virginia and Massachusetts respectively .
This led Mexico to declare war to the Axis nations and entered the conflict .
In 1492 Columbus reached land in the Bahamas .
Initially , European activity consisted mostly of trade and exploration .
However , the associated American Revolutionary War was an important war that touched all corners of the region .
In Mexico , the entire era was dominated by the dictatorship of Porfirio DÃ az .
The Viking voyages did not become common knowledge in the Old World , and Europeans remained ignorant of the existence of the Americas , until 1492 .
For example , the Maya civilization developed a writing system , built huge pyramids , had a complex calendar , and developed the concept of zero 500 years before anyone in the Old World .
Almost 500 years after the Norse , John Cabot explored the east coast of what would become Canada in 1497 .
In 1813 , JosÃ MarÃ a Morelos and the Congress of AnÃ huac signed the Solemn Act of the Declaration of Independence of Northern America , the first legal document where the separation of the New Spain with respect to Spain is proclaimed .
Giovanni da Verrazzano explored the East Coast of America from Florida to presumably Newfoundland in 1524 .
Meanwhile , Spain 's hold on Mexico was weakening .
In neighboring Newfoundland , the new dominion suffered a devastating loss on July 1 , 1916 , the First day on the Somme .
Viceroyalty of New Spain was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia , North America and its peripheries from 1535 to 1821 .
But the Wall Street Crash of 1929 combined with drought ushered in a period of economic hardship in the United States and Canada .
The United States stayed apart from the conflict until 1917 , joining the Entente powers .
The three principal colonial powers were Spain , England , and France , although eventually even small powers like the Netherlands and Sweden received minor holdings on the continent .
They gained control of most of the largest islands in the Caribbean and conquered the Aztecs , gaining control of present-day Mexico and Central America .
Farther to the south , plantation slavery became the main industry of the West Indies , and this gave rise to the beginning of the Atlantic slave trade .
The United States was then able to play a crucial role at the Paris Peace Conference of 1919 that shaped interwar Europe .
The United States especially emerged as a `` superpower '' .
At the same time , British settlement in Canada increased .
US expansion was complicated by the division between `` free '' and `` slave '' states , which led to the Missouri Compromise 1820 .
In the ensuing Conscription Crisis of 1917 , riots broke out on the streets of Montreal .
There was limited contact between North American peoples and the outside world before 1492 .
Mexico faced constant political tensions between liberals and conservatives , as well as the rebellion of the English-speaking region of Tejas , which declared itself the Republic of Texas 1836 .
In Canada this was mirrored by the Quiet Revolution and the emergence of Quebec nationalism .
Rivalry between the European powers created a series of wars on the North American landmass that would have great impact on the development of the colonies .
Canada bore the brunt of several major battles during the early stages of the war including the use of poison gas attacks at Ypres .
The Fur Trade soon became the primary business on the continent and as a result transformed the Native Americans lifestyle .
From the time of independence of the United States , that country expanded rapidly to the west , acquiring the massive Louisiana territory in 1803 .
Losses became grave , and the government eventually brought in conscription , despite the fact this was against the wishes of the majority of French Canadians .
The Mayan culture was still present when the Spanish arrived in Central America , but political dominance in the area had shifted to the Aztec Empire farther north .
Native groups can also be classified by their language family .
Jacques Cartier made a series of voyages on behalf of the French crown in 1534 and penetrated the St. Lawrence River .
In 1845 Texas joined the United States , which would later lead to the Mexicanâ `` American War .
Spain finally recognized Mexico 's independence in 1821 .
The destruction of Europe wrought by the war vaulted all North American countries to more important roles in world affairs .
Eventually Europeans began to establish settlements .
This was the beginning of the Spanish Empire in the New World .
He eventually received the backing of Isabella I and Ferdinand II , Queen and King of newly united Spain .
The flight of the United Empire Loyalists led to the creation of English Canada as a separate community .
Most importantly it directly led to the creation of the United States of America .
As a part of the British Empire Canada immediately was at war in 1914 .
This ushered in a new era of more formalized colonialism in North America .
From 1936 to 1949 , this was a popular uprising against the anti-Catholic Mexican government of the time , set off specifically by the anti-clerical provisions of the Mexican Constitution of 1917 .
It is important to note that peoples with similar languages did not always share the same material culture , nor were they always allies .
Settlement by the Spanish started the European colonization of the Americas , involving genocide of the native Indians .
The first French settlements were Port Royal -LRB- 1604 -RRB- and Quebec City -LRB- 1608 -RRB- in what is now Nova Scotia and Quebec .
Before contact with Europeans the natives of North America were divided into many different communities , from small bands of a few families to large empires .
The early Cold War era saw the United States as the most powerful nation in a Western coalition of which Mexico and Canada were also a part .
The incident happened in spite of Mexico 's neutrality at that time .
The first successful Spanish settlement in continental North America was Veracruz in 1519 , followed by many other settlements in colonial New Spain and Spanish Florida .
Perhaps most importantly they domesticated one of the world 's major staples , maize -LRB- corn -RRB- .
Two Mexican tankers , transporting oil to the United States , were attacked and sunk by the Germans in the Gulf of Mexico waters , in 1942 .
They lived in several culture areas , which roughly correspond to geographic and biological zones of North America and give a good indication of the main occupation of the people who lived there -LRB- e.g. the Bison hunters of the Great Plains , or the farmers of Mesoamerica -RRB- .
As such , their affiliation with political and cultural groups changed as well , several linguistic groups went extinct , and others changed quite quickly .
Peace was not achieved until French forces in North America were vanquished at the Battle of the Plains of Abraham at Quebec City , and France ceded most of her claims outside of the Caribbean .
Norse captain Leif Ericson is believed to have reached the Island of Newfoundland circa 1000 AD .
The garter snake is a Colubrid snake genus that is common across North America between Alaska\/Canada and Central America .
It is the single most widely distributed genus of reptiles in North America .
His ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
Cologne or Eau de Cologne is a toiletry , a perfume in a style of that originated from Cologne , Germany .
Nowadays , it 's used as a term for scented formulations with a concentration of about 2-5 % essential oils .
His shop at Obenmarspforten opened in 1709 and is today the world 's oldest fragrance factory .
Giovanni Maria Farina 's formula has been produced in Cologne since 1709 by Farina opposite the JÃ 1\/4 lichplatz and to this day remains a secret .
Eau de Cologne , or just `` cologne '' , has now become a generic term .
Other Colognes , such as the famous Cologne 4711 , named after its location at `` Glockengasse No. 4711 '' , have the name in common but smell different .
In 1806 , Jean Marie Joseph Farina , a grand-grand-nephew of Giovanni Maria Farina -LRB- 1685-1766 -RRB- , opened a perfumery business at Paris that developed into Roger & Gallet , that owns the rights to Eau de Cologne extra vielle in contrast to the Original Eau de Cologne from Cologne .
The Original Eau de Cologne composed by Farina was used only as a perfume and delivered to `` nearly all royal houses in Europe '' -LRB- Farina Fragrance Museum information leaflet -RRB- .
He named his fragrance Eau de Cologne , in honor of his new hometown .
Eau de Cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in Cologne in 1709 by Giovanni Maria Farina -LRB- 1685-1766 -RRB- , an Italian perfumer from Santa Maria Maggiore Valle Vigezzo , Italy .
When free trade was established in Cologne by the French in 1797 , the success of Eau de Cologne prompted countless other businessmen to sell their own fragrances under the name of Eau de Cologne and even Farina .
In 1708 , Farina wrote to his brother Jean Baptiste : `` I have found a fragrance that reminds me of an Italian spring morning , of mountain daffodils and orange blossoms after the rain '' -LRB- Eckstein p. 8 -RRB- .
It can also contain oils of lavender , rosemary , thyme , petitgrain -LRB- orange leaf -RRB- , and jasmine .
In a base of dilute ethanol -LRB- 70-90 % -RRB- , Eau de Cologne contains a mixture of citrus oils including oils of lemon , orange , tangerine , bergamot , lime , grapefruit and neroli .
Most states create slogans to help tourism .
There is also a list of U.S. state mottos and a list of U.S. state nicknames .
Here is a list of U.S. state slogans .
-LRB- 5 -RRB- People from the city of BrasÃ lia are known as brasilienses or candangos .
In 1960 , it formally became Brazil 's national capital .
BrasÃ lia International Airport is a major airline hub for the rest of the country , connecting the capital to all major Brazilian cities and many international destinations .
The city was planned and developed in 1956 with LÃ cio Costa as the principal urban planner and Oscar Niemeyer as the principal architect .
It is the third most important airport of Brazil , in terms of passengers and aircraft movements .
When seen from above , the main planned part of the city 's shape resembles an airplane or a butterfly .
BrasÃ lia is the Brazilian capital city .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- The city is commonly referred to as Capital Federal , or simply BSB .
Chaveyriat is a commune .
Akira Konno -LRB- born 12 September 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Poieni-Solca is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Diving is often done from a springboard or an elevated platform .
The 6 different types of dives .
Diving is also a sport .
Joseph-Armand Bombardier -LRB- April 16 , 1907 â `` February 18 , 1964 -RRB- is a Canadian Inventor famous for inventing the snowmobile .
In 1969 , the princely states of Chitral , Dir and Swat were incorporated into West Pakistan as the new division of Malakand with Saidu as its capital .
Cornell University is a university in Ithaca , New York .
The college was founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White .
Saudi Arabia national football team is the national football team of Saudi Arabia .
Metallica -LRB- also known informally as The Black Album -RRB- is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Metallica .
The title refers to the TaÃ no -LRB- Native American -RRB- name for the island of Puerto Rico , Boriken or Borinquen .
La BorinqueÃ a is the national anthem of Puerto Rico .
The current official music and words were made up in 1903 and have been taught in schools and accepted by the public .
The music was officially made the national anthem by the government in 1952 , and the words in 1977 .
Knox is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .
BÃ 1\/4 ren is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Rexburg is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Shigemaru Takenokoshi -LRB- born 15 February 1906 - died 6 October 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In Medieval Europe , dialectics -LRB- or logic -RRB- was one of the three beginning liberal arts all together known as the trivium , with the other members being rhetorics and grammar -RRB- .
The future of shields have varied from multiple ideas and fiction , usually force fields and energy shields .
The Kite shield is a shield in the form of a kite .
It was commonly used as a replacement for the heavy Kite shields .
Shields were used even after gunpowder weapons .
Carlos Alberto Torres -LRB- born 17 July 1944 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The equation of `` organic '' with living organisms comes from the now-abandoned idea of vitalism that attributed a special force to life that alone could create organic substances .
In a forest , for example , leaf litter and woody material falls to the forest floor .
There is not one definition of organic matter only . It varies upon the subject it is being used for .
This idea was first questioned after the abiotic synthesis of urea by Friedrich WÃ hler in 1828 .
There is not one definition of organic matter only .
When the organic matter has broken down into a stable humic substances that resist further decomposition it is called humus .
Organic matter -LRB- or organic material -RRB- is matter that has come from a recently living organism .
It is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
The organic matter in soil comes from plants and animals .
This is sometimes called organic material .
When it decays to the point it is no longer recognizable it is called soil organic matter .
Oatmeal can also be steel-cut oats , crushed oats , or rolled oats .
Today we use the shopping cart .
Shopping carts first made their appearance in Oklahoma City in 1937 .
The name Windows NT 6.0 -LRB- formerly known as Windows Longhorn -RRB- can be one of the two versions of Microsoft Windows :
Port St. Lucie is a city of Florida in the United States .
This template handles a glitch in the URL encoding for musicline .
This template replaces a single slash character with a % A5 .
Some songs include a slash character in the title .
Standard urlencode processing does n't work , as musicline expects a % A5 to replace the slash .
Bernhard `` Barney '' Dreyfuss -LRB- February 23 1865 â `` February 5 1932 -RRB- was a German-Jewish-American executive in Major League Baseball who owned the Pittsburgh Pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
Dreyfuss was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2008 following his election by the Veterans Committee .
American mathematician Norbert Wiener made feedback loops more well known in 1948 in his book Cybernetics . Cybernetics is the study of feedback loops and their role in communication and control .
In other cases , the output blocks or stops some of the input ; this is called a negative feedback loop .
If the sound coming out of the loudspeaker is heard by the microphone , a loop is created , from speaker , to the microphone , through the cord , and back into the speaker .
This can form what is called a `` feedback loop '' .
This is an example of a negative feedback loop : the output -LRB- the relfection -RRB- reduces the input ; it makes the input smaller .
Grand Theft Auto IV -LRB- GTA IV -RRB- is the 11th Grand Theft Auto game in the series . The game was made by Rockstar North , and was published and released by Rockstar Games for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC .
Grand Theft Auto IV -LRB- GTA IV -RRB- is the 11th Grand Theft Auto game in the series .
From such perspective , in different research contexts complex systems are defined on the base of their different attributes .
Complex systems is a field of a science , which studies the common properties of systems considered complex in nature , society and science . It is also called complex systems theory , complexity science , study of complex systems and\/or sciences of complexity .
It is also called complex systems theory , complexity science , study of complex systems and\/or sciences of complexity .
The key problems of such systems are difficulties with their formal modeling and simulation .
Saint-And Ã ol-de-Fourchades is a commune in the ArdÃ che department and RhÃ ne-Alpes region of France .
This is why stars will rise in the east and set in the west , -LRB- unless a star is circumpolar -RRB- .
All objects in the sky can be thought of as projected -LRB- drawn , written -RRB- upon the celestial sphere .
This divides the sphere into the north celestial hemisphere and the south celestial hemisphere .
A celestial sphere can also refer to a physical model of the celestial sphere or celestial globe .
Similarly , the celestial sphere is divided by projecting the equator into space .
The oldest surviving example of such an artefact is the globe of the Farnese Atlas sculpture , a 2nd-century copy of an older -LRB- Hellenistic period , ca .
One can also locate the Celestial Tropic of Cancer , Celestial Tropic of Capricorn , North Celestial Pole , and South Celestial Pole .
This is the diurnal motion -LRB- daily motion -RRB- .
As an angle of 1 Â corresponds to 4 minutes in time -LRB- 360 Â = 24 hours -RRB- , we need therefore 4 extra minutes of diurnal motion to see the Sun back on the same meridian again , making the duration of one rotation just 24 hours exactly -LRB- on the average , ignoring small seasonal variations , see equation of time -RRB-
The Earth rotates from west to east around its axis once every 24 hours . The celestial sphere and all objects on it appear to rotate from east to west around the celestial poles in the same time .
Such globes map the constellations on the outside of a sphere , resulting in a mirror image of the constellations as seen from Earth .
In astronomy and navigation , the celestial sphere is an imaginary sphere -LRB- ball -RRB- of a very large unspecified size . The sphere is concentric with the Earth .
The reason for this is that the Sun does not stand still on the celestial sphere , and the stars do . The sun moves about 1 Â per day eastwards over a great circle known as the ecliptic -LRB- which is 360 Â or a full circle in one year , the annual motion of the Sun -RRB- .
On the next night a particular star will rise again , but with our normal clocks running a 24 hour 0 minutes cycle , it will do so 4 minutes earlier .
The lower tier of the West Stand is uncovered and offers a great view of the action .
Also , known as the Van Damme Stand .
The North Stand is the most recent addition to Oakwell Stadium and is a large covered singled tiered seating area with a capacity for 6,000 spectators .
In spite of the restricted views and modest facilities , the West Stand remains a popular vantage point for many fans .
On 27 December 1920 , Horace Fairhurst , a young full-back for the visiting Blackpool , received a blow to the head during a league game .
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats Rugby League Club used the stadium for their first game in the Super League -LRB- Europe -RRB- in 1998 .
Given that the average gate at Barnsley accounts for less than 50 % of capacity this appeared to be a strange announcement , however there are a number of structural concerns with the roof and the wooden floor of the upper tier and it would seem that a new structure is more financially viable than maintaining the existing one .
Funded in part by the football trust , the stand has a capacity of 7,492 and replaced a large covered terrace known as the Brewery Stand .
Due to the sloped land on which Oakwell Stadium is built , the rear of the East Stand is much taller than it is from the pitchside . This means a climb to the upper level seating area requires many more steps than a spectator may anticipate .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper level seating area by a temporary ladder .
In March 2008 , club secretary Don Rowing revealed that the West Stand would be demolished and rebuilt .
The East stand is very modern , and has plenty of legroom .
Premier League side Manchester City used the stadium for their first qualifying round UEFA Cup game in July 2008 . This was because the pitch at the City of Manchester Stadium was not ready for football games after the summer 's boxing and music concerts .
The East Stand is a two level development completed in 1993 .
With the completion of the East Stand , Barnsley FC became the first football club in Yorkshire to add ` executive boxes ' into their stadium .
It is an unusual three level structure . It provides further executive areas and disabled facilities for viewing an event .
The West Stand is the only original part of Oakwell Stadium left standing , however it was made ` all-seater ' in 1995 .
In recent years Oakwell Stadium has rarely been used by anyone other than Barnsley FC . The occasional celebrity charity football match has been played there .
It is understood that this stand had been designed specifically with future development in mind , therefore should the club ever have the need to increase the grounds capacity then it would be fundamentally possible to add a second tier without making any major alterations to the existing structure .
Non-league football club Wakefield and Emley used the stadium for an FA Cup tie against Rotherham in 1998 , choosing a larger neutral venue as opposed to the traditional option of ` switching ' the tie to the home of the team which was drawn away .
The East Stand was designed by NYP Architects , as was the North Stand and the Corner Stand .
As this stand is generally reserved for away supporters its capacity is rarely utilized , although during the 2006\/07 season , Sheffield Wednesday , Derby , Birmingham and Sunderland fans all filled the end , Sunderland also took up half of the West Stand .
He died at home eleven days later as a result of the injury .
The stand is made up of two tiers , only the upper tier is covered but at the expense of several supporting columns for the roof structure , the seats are the originals from the early 1900s , from here you get a decent view with moderate legroom .
However after falling into administration in 2002 the council purchased the main Oakwell Stadium . This allowed the club to pay its creditors and remain participants in The Football League .
This is used for access to some of the facilities underneath the stand . The main players tunnel now comes out from the north-west corner following the moving of the changing rooms to the North Stand .
Oakwell is a sports development in Barnsley , South Yorkshire , England . It is used mostly by Barnsley Football Club for playing their home games , It is also used by their reserve team .
This part of the stadium also houses the players gym , the club superstore , box office , and general administration offices .
In the 2009\/10 season , Newcastle United filled the stand .
However at the time it was built , Barnsley FC had only just been demoted from the FA Premier League and were planning for a possible return .
Some fans continue to call it the ` ORA Stand ' - in reference to the original sponsors of it .
Built in 1995 , CK Beckett is the current name for what is traditionally known as the ` Pontefract Road End ' or ` Ponty End ' .
With a capacity of 4,508 , The CK Beckett Stand is a large covered single tier seating area behind the goal on the south side of the stadium .
The West Stand has a total seating capacity of 4,752 .
At a cost of Â # 4.5 million -LRB- including several academy facilities that it accommodates -RRB- , it has been a cause for debate ever since its construction .
At the end of the 1990s , the then-stadium owners Barnsley Football Club were considering re-developing the West Stand after several seasons of high attendances . However with the rapid decline in fortunes of the football club , and sale of the stadium and new club ownership these plans are unlikely to happen in the near future .
Access to this area was also added into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels . The spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .
While the name `` Oakwell '' is usually used for the main stadium , it also includes several neighbouring venues which form the facilities of the Barnsley F.C. academy . This includes an indoor training pitch , a smaller stadium with seating on the south and west sides for around 2,200 spectators , and several training pitches used by the different Barnsley FC squads .
The country became independent on November 25 , 1975 , and Ferrier was made the first President of Suriname .
John -LRB- Johan -RRB- Henri Eliza Ferrier Ferrier -LRB- 1910 - 2010 -RRB- was the last governor of Suriname , and then became its first president in 1975 . Ferrier was a teacher , a trade union leader and a radio pioneer .
John -LRB- Johan -RRB- Henri Eliza Ferrier Ferrier -LRB- 1910 - 2010 -RRB- was the last governor of Suriname , and then became its first president in 1975 .
In 1968 he was made Governor of Suriname .
See this template 's talk page for information on how to use this template .
They range in size from the heaviest , the Mekong Giant Catfish to the longest , the Wels catfish found in Eurasia .
Some catfish are also grown for food , in fish farms . Some catfish can be kept in aquaria .
Darien is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Sergio Leone -LRB- January 3 , 1929 - April 30 , 1989 -RRB- was an Italian film director .
In 1998 , while production slowed , several companies tried to buy Bluebird Toys . Mattel finally bought the company later that year .
Instead of the normal cloth clothing , Polly Pockets used `` Polly Stretch '' clothing . These were rubbery plastic clothes that could be put on the dolls and removed .
Polly was first designed by Chris Wiggs in 1983 for his daughter Kate .
This line used the same characters from the new Polly Pocket -LRB- Polly , Lea , Shani , Lila , etc. -RRB- but they were 3 Â 3\/4 inch -LRB- 9.5 cm -RRB- plastic jointed dolls .
Using a powder compact , he created a small house for the very small doll .
The new Polly doll is larger .
Mattel held a distribution agreement with Bluebird Toys for Polly Pocket items in the early 1990s .
That same year , Mattel also started selling Fashion Polly ! .
Bluebird Toys of Swindon , England licensed the idea . The first Polly Pocket were sold in stores in 1989 .
Polly Pocket is a line of small plastic dolls and accessories for girls .
The name comes from the fact that many of the first Polly Pocket toys came in pocket-size cases .
In 1999 , Mattel changed the design of Polly . They created a new series of collectible items .
She 's So Unusual is the first solo album by the famous American 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper . It was released in 1983 .
Fayet , Aisne is a commune .
They did this to escape the British rule , and the wars between the British imperial government and the native tribes on the eastern frontier .
Prague is a city of Lincoln County in the state of Oklahoma , United States .
Barry Ferguson -LRB- born 2 February 1978 -RRB- is a Scottish football player .
He plays for Birmingham City and Scotland national team .
Dalembert pledged $ 100,000 to UNICEF and traveled to Haiti to help with the relief efforts .
Pleujouse is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
She hosted her own talk show , named simply Ricki Lake -LRB- 1993 â `` 2004 -RRB- . Lake played Tracy Turnblad in the 1988 film Hairspray .
Kiyotaka Matsui -LRB- born 4 January 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan 's national team .
Kornwestheim is a town in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg , Germany .
Many critics judge blank verse to be better than rhyme for serious subjects , and many poets have used blank verse for their most important works .
Many 20th century poets gave up both rhyme and the strict meter of blank verse to write free verse .
The term Blank verse means poetry that does not use rhyme .
Minnesota was admitted to the Union on May 11 , 1858 .
As of July 7 , 2009 , Minnesota has had 40 senators serve in the US Senate .
The best known example of planetshine is Earthshine .
The phenomenon known as planetshine happens when sunlight from a planet lights the dark side of one of its moons .
p202 Evaporation is especially high in its eastern half , causing the water level to decrease and salinity to increase eastward .
Evaporation greatly exceeds precipitation and river runoff in the Mediterranean , a fact that is central to the water circulation within the basin .
The Sea of Marmara is often considered a part of the Mediterranean Sea , whereas the Black Sea is generally not .
The Mediterranean has a deep blue color .
The combination of similarly shared climate , geology and access to a common sea has led to numerous historical and cultural connections between the ancient and modern societies around the Mediterranean .
As a sea around which some of the most ancient human civilizations were arranged , it has had a major influence on the history and ways of life of these cultures .
It provided a way of trade , colonization and war , and was the basis of life -LRB- via fishing and the gathering of other seafood -RRB- for numerous communities throughout the ages .
To the east it connects to the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea , by the Dardanelles and the Bosporus respectively .
p206 This pressure gradient pushes relatively cool , low-salinity water from the Atlantic across the basin ; it warms and becomes saltier as it travels east , then sinks in the region of the Levant and circulates westward , to spill over the Strait of Gibraltar .
Being nearly landlocked affects the Mediterranean Sea 's properties . Tides are limited by the narrow connection with the Atlantic Ocean .
p206\/7 Thus , seawater flow is eastward in the Strait 's surface waters , and westward below ; once in the Atlantic , this chemically distinct `` Mediterranean Intermediate Water '' can persist thousands of kilometers away from its source .
Gerald `` Jerry '' Wexler -LRB- January 10 , 1917 -- August 15 , 2008 -RRB- was a music journalist who became a music producer , and was thought of as an important name in his field from the 1950s through the 1980s .
He came up with the term `` Rhythm & Blues '' , and was important in working with big people in music of the last 50 years , such Ray Charles , Aretha Franklin , Led Zeppelin , Wilson Pickett , Dusty Springfield , and Bob Dylan .
Wexler became part of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
Asti is a province in the region of Piedmont , Italy .
The New York Dragons are an Arena Football League team .
Backlash -LRB- 2006 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on April 30 , 2006 at the Rupp Arena in Lexington , Kentucky .
Cannes is a city and commune of the French department of Alpes-Maritimes .
Rognac is a commune of 11,900 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
By 1966 , when Thant was reappointed , all the big powers , in a unanimous vote of the Security Council , affirmed the importance of the Secretary-Generalship and his good offices , a clear tribute to Thant 's work .
U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last minute peace effort .
He was chosen after his predecessor Dag HammarskjÃ ld was killed in a plane crash in September 1961 .
In an editorial published around December 27 , 1971 praising U Thant , The New York Times stated that `` the wise counsel of this dedicated man of peace will still be needed after his retirement '' .
For many weeks , the UN Security Council was deadlocked over the search for a successor before finally settling on Kurt Waldheim to succeed U Thant as Secretary-General on December 21 , 1971 â '' Waldheim 's 53rd birthday â '' and just ten days before U Thant 's second term was to have ended .
From 1951 to 1957 , Thant was Secretary to the Prime Minister .
On the day of U Thant 's funeral on December 5 1974 , tens of thousands of people lined the streets of Rangoon to pay their last respects to their distinguished countryman whose coffin was displayed at Rangoon 's Kyaikasan race course for a few hours before the scheduled burial .
He was widely criticized in the US and Israel for agreeing to pull UN troops out of the Sinai in 1967 in response to a request from Egyptian President Nasser .
His term of office continued until December 31 1971 , when he retired .
U Thant 22 January 1909 -- 25 November 1974 -RRB- was a Burmese diplomat and the third Secretary-General of the United Nations , from 1961 to 1971 .
His secret attempts at direct peace talks between Washington and Hanoi were eventually rejected by the Johnson Administration .
Martial law was declared in Rangoon and the surrounding metropolitan areas .
Unlike his two predecessors , Thant retired after ten years on speaking terms with all the big powers .
In the following year he was appointed Secretary to the Government of Burma in the Ministry of Information .
He also established many of the UN 's development and environmental agencies , funds and programs , including the UN Development Programme -LRB- UNDP -RRB- , the UN University , UNCTAD , UNITAR and the UN Environmental Programme .
In his farewell address to the United Nations General Assembly Secretary-General U Thant stated that he felt a ` great sense of relief bordering on liberation ' on relinquishing the ` burdens of office ' .
During his time in office , he oversaw the entry into the UN of dozens of new Asian and African states and was a firm opponent of apartheid in South Africa .
From 1957 to 1961 , he was Burma 's Permanent Representative -LRB- Ambassador -RRB- to the United Nations , and became actively involved in negotiations over Algerian independence .
Thant followed unidentified flying object reports with some interest ; in 1967 , he arranged for American atmospheric physicist Dr. James E. McDonald to speak before the UN 's Outer Space Affairs Group regarding UFOs .
His once good relationship with the US government deteriorated rapidly when he publicly criticized American conduct of the Vietnam War .
In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant . His home town is Pantanaw , so this means `` Mr Thant of Pantanaw ''
By this time Burma was ruled by a military junta which refused him any honors .
Ne Win also resented U Thant 's close links with the democratic government of U Nu which Ne Win had overthrown in a coup d'etat on March 2 1962 .
The Six Day War between Arab countries and Israel , the Prague Spring and subsequent Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia , and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 leading to the birth of Bangladesh all took place during his time as Secretary-General .
Ne Win ordered that U Thant be buried without any official involvement or ceremony .
The editorial was entitled `` The Liberation of U Thant '' .
During this first term he was widely credited for his role in defusing the Cuban Missile Crisis and for ending the civil war in the Congo .
`` Thant '' was his only name .
He was then unanimously appointed Secretary-General by the General Assembly on November 30 1962 for a term of office ending on November 3 1966 .
In 1978 , U Thant 's memoirs View from the UN was published , by the American publishing house Doubleday .
During the period of December 5 through December 11 1974 , the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches .
Thant began serving as Acting Secretary-General from November 3 1961 , when he was unanimously appointed by the General Assembly , on the recommendation of the Security Council , to fill the unexpired term of Dag HammarskjÃ ld .
U Thant died of lung cancer in New York on November 25 1974 .
When U Nu became the Prime Minister of the newly independent Burma , he asked Thant to join him in Rangoon and appointed him as Director of Broadcasting in 1948 .
The student demonstrators buried U Thant on the former grounds of the Rangoon University Students Union -LRB- RUSU -RRB- , which Ne Win had dynamited and destroyed on July 8 1962 .
In the early morning hours of December 11 , 1974 , government troops stormed the campus , killed some of the students guarding the make-shift mausoleum , removed U Thant 's coffin , and reburied it at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda , where it has continued to lie .
On January 23 1971 U Thant categorically announced that he would `` under no circumstances '' be available for a third term as Secretary-General .
In 1961 when he was first appointed , the Soviet Union had tried to insist on a troika formula of three Secretaries-General , one representing each Cold War bloc , something which would have maintained equality in the United Nations between the superpowers .
The then Burmese President Ne Win was envious of U Thant 's international stature and the respect that was accorded him by the Burmese populace .
U Thant was appointed to a second term as Secretary-General of the United Nations by the General Assembly on December 2 1966 on the unanimous recommendation of the Security Council .
From the United Nations headquarters in New York , U Thant 's body was flown back to Rangoon but no guard of honor or high ranking officials were on hand at the airport when the coffin arrived .
The coffin of U Thant was then snatched by a group of students just before it was scheduled to leave for burial in an ordinary Rangoon cemetery .
In 1960 the Burmese government awarded him the title Maha Thray Sithu as a commander in the Pyidaungsu Sithu Thingaha Order -LRB- similar to an order of knights -RRB- .
Upon hearing of the storming of the Rangoon University campus and the forcible removal of U Thant 's coffin , many people rioted in the streets of Rangoon .
`` U '' is a word in Burmese , roughly equal to `` Mister . ''
What has come to be known as the U Thant crisis â '' the student-led protests over the shabby treatment by the Ne Win government of U Thant â '' was crushed by the Burmese government .
Cerseuil is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Due to the Fujiwhara effect , the large circulation of the secondary low moved the original nor ` easter towards the northwest .
The cyclone was said to be a `` hybrid '' storm . The cyclone quickly gained strength in warm waters from the Gulf Stream , and because of cold air over the United States .
On December 23 and 24 , the nor ` easter intensified to attain a barometric pressure of 970 mb . Another low pressure system that developed behind the storm became stronger , and grew to be larger in size than the original storm .
Even though the cyclone showed signs of a tropical storm , forecaster Jack Beven stated : `` There was no front associated with it -LRB- the storm -RRB- and it had a warm core , but the radius of maximum winds was more than 150 nautical miles -LRB- 175 mi , 280 km -RRB- , so under the standard NHC criteria it didnâ t qualify as a tropical storm . ''
On December 25 , which is Christmas Day , the system began to lose strength as it moved towards Nova Scotia , before the pair of low pressure systems moved out to sea early on December 26 .
The Christmas 1994 nor ` easter was a strong cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada .
The nor ` easter passed along the south shore of Long Island , and it made landfall near New York City on December 24 .
Later , it moved over southeastern New York State .
A weather system moved towards the southeast from the central Great Plains into the Deep South of the United States .
It developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast Gulf of Mexico near the Florida Keys , and moved across the state of Florida .
A forecaster at the National Hurricane Center , Jack Beven , said that `` as it -LRB- the storm -RRB- moved out into the Bahamas , it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm . ''
Chorlton-on-Medlock is a district of Manchester in England .
Cardcaptor Sakura is a manga series from Japan .
The magical Clow Cards are missing , and Sakura must find them . When she finds the Clow Cards , the world will be safe .
Vietnam national football team is the national football team of Vietnam .
Hornussen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Throughout modern times , the largest known prime number has very often been a Mersenne prime .
Since there are tricks to finding Mersenne primes quickly the largest primes known are usually Mersenne primes .
Historically , the study of Mersenne primes was motivated by this connection ; in the 4th century BC Euclid demonstrated that if M is a Mersenne prime then M -LRB- M +1 -RRB- \/ 2 is a perfect number .
A Mersenne prime is a Mersenne number that is a prime number . , The exponent n must be prime too .
Mersenne primes have a close connection to perfect numbers , which are numbers equal to the sum of their proper divisors .
Most sources restrict the term Mersenne number to where n is prime , as all Mersenne primes must be of this form as seen below .
And 24 -1 = 15 can be shown to be composite because 4 is not prime .
A Mersenne prime is a Mersenne number that is a prime number .
Saint-Andr Ã - d' HÃ bertot is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Cosplay can be divided into two parts , basic cosplay and masquerade cosplay .
There was no treaty signed , and after a few days the war resumed .
Ceasefires may be declared as part of a formal treaty , but they have also been called as part of an informal understanding between opposing forces .
A ceasefire -LRB- or truce -RRB- is a stoppage of a war or any armed conflict , where each side of the conflict agrees with the other to stop aggressive actions for some time .
In 2002 former Pakistani President and ex-Army Chief General Pervez Musharraf promised to check infiltration into Indian-occupied Kashmir .
On December 24 , 1914 , during World War I , there was an unofficial ceasefire as both the Germans and the British sought to observe Christmas -LRB- the `` Christmas Truce '' -RRB- .
The Government of Pakistan has repeatedly claimed that by constructing a fence along the line of control , India is violating the Shimla Accord .
Laramie is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
It is the county seat of Albany County .
It is near the University of Wyoming . It is the county seat of Albany County .
Laramie is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming . It is near the University of Wyoming .
Transport in the London Borough of Barnet .
On April 6 , 2009 , Saskatchewan premier Brad Wall declared that April 13 would be `` Corner Gas Day '' in Saskatchewan . .
Oxford is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The area contains a large Egyptian archaeological site that represents the remains of the capital city built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty .
It translates to `` the Horizon of the Aten '' .
The name for the city used by the ancient Egyptians is written as Akhetaten in English .
The West Australian is a newspaper published in Perth , Australia . It is made by an Australian company called West Australian Newspapers Holdings .
It started in 1833 .
The name `` Tainan '' means simply `` Southern Taiwan '' .
1200 -LRB- MCC -RRB- is a year in the 12th century . Had the Gregorian calendar existed that year or before , the year 1200 would have been a century leap year and a leap year starting on Saturday .
Since the ball could only be moved up the court with a pass , early players tossed the ball over their heads as they ran up court .
James Naismith -LRB- November 6 , 1861 â `` November 28 , 1939 -RRB- was a Canadian and naturalized American sports coach and innovator .
Women 's basketball became an Olympic event in Montreal during the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Both practices are no longer used in the rules of modern basketball .
Naismith soon found that a soft lobbing throw was often much better than a straight hard throw in this game . This thought was later very important when he invented basketball .
In these early days , most basketball games were played against nearby YMCA teams . The YMCA 's across the nation played a very importnat part in the birth of basketball .
He also played center on the football team , where he wore the first football helmet . Naismith won many Wicksteed medals for outstanding gymnastics performances .
Nevertheless , Naismith has one of the greatest coaching legacies in basketball history , as he coached Basketball Hall of Fame coach Phog Allen , who himself coached Hall of Fame coaches Dean Smith , Adolph Rupp , and Ralph Miller at the University of Kansas .
Polls conducted by ESPN and the Associated Press named basketball player Michael Jordan respectively first and second greatest North American athlete of the 20th century , and both polls featured fellow basketballers Wilt Chamberlain -LRB- of KU , like Naismith -RRB- and Bill Russell in the Top 20 .
Naismith has been made a member of the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame and the FIBA Hall of Fame .
However , basketball became a demonstration sport at the 1904 Games in St. Louis , USA .
Also , following each `` goal '' a jump ball was taken in the middle of the court .
The National Collegiate Athletic Association rewards its best players and coaches annually with the Naismith Awards , among them the Naismith College Player of the Year , the Naismith College Coach of the Year and the Naismith Prep Player of the Year .
Basketball is today played by more than 300 million people worldwide , making it one of the most popular team sports .
The couple had five children : Margaret Mason -LRB- 1895 -RRB- , Helen Carolyn -LRB- 1897 -RRB- , John Edwin -LRB- 1900 -RRB- , Maude Ann -LRB- 1904 -RRB- and James Sherman -LRB- 1913 -RRB- .
Other common opponents were Haskell Indian Nations University and William Jewell College .
In North America , basketball has produced some of the most-admired athletes of the 20th century .
The three coaches have joined Naismith as members of the Basketball Hall of Fame .
The Naismith Memorial Hall of Fame in Springfield , Massachusetts , is named in Naismith 's honor . He was the first member in 1959 .
He usually spent his days outside playing catch , hide and seek , or duck on a rock . This is old game in which a person guards a large stone from other players , who try to knock it down by throwing smaller stones at it .
Naismith was employed as chapel director and physical education instructor .
By 1892 , basketball had grown so popular on campus that Dennis Horkenbach -LRB- editor-in-chief of The Triangle , the Springfield college newspaper -RRB- featured it in an article called `` A New Game '' , . There were calls name the new game `` Naismith Ball '' , but Naismith refused .
Most of the fouls were called for running with the ball , though tackling the man with the ball was not uncommon . ''
Instead , he was more interested in his physical education career , receiving an honorary PE Masters degree in 1910 , patrolled the Mexican border for four months in 1916 during World War I , traveled to France , published two books -LRB- `` A Modern College '' in 1911 and `` Essence of a Healthy Life '' in 1918 -RRB- and became an American citizen in 1925 .
The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame was named after him .
Naismith earned a BA in Physical Education -LRB- 1888 -RRB- and a Diploma at the Presbyterian College in Montreal -LRB- 1890 -RRB- .
Naismith wrote the original basketball rulebook and started the University of Kansas basketball program . He lived to see basketball becaome an Olympic demonstration sport in 1904 and an official event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin .
Naismith has been made a member of the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame and the FIBA Hall of Fame . The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame was named after him .
The University of Kansas started a men 's basketball program in 1898 , following Naismith 's arrival . This was only six years after Naismith had invented the game .
Naismith was 78 years old .
Naismith invented the sport of basketball in 1891 . He is also said to have introduced the first football helmet .
With Naismith as coach , the team played only three current Big 12 schools : Nebraska -LRB- six times -RRB- , Missouri -LRB- twice -RRB- , and Kansas State -LRB- once -RRB- .
Naismith called this new game `` Basket Ball '' and put wrote down the 13 basic rules .
In 1937 , Naismith played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball , which later became the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics -LRB- NAIA -RRB- .
In his later years , Naismith became Professor Emeritus in Kansas and retired in 1937 at the age of 76 .
Naismith was guided by three main thoughts .
Naismith died in 1939 after he suffered a fatal brain hemorrhage and was buried in Lawrence , Kansas .
During the Olympics , he was named the Honorary President of the International Basketball Federation .
From 1891 on , Naismith taught physical education and became the first McGill director of athletics . He left Montreal to become a physical education teacher at the YMCA International Training School in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Allen began a coaching career that would lead him to be known as `` the Father of Basketball Coaching . ''
Naismith Hall , a college residential dormitory , is located on the northeastern edge of 19th Street and Naismith Drive .
It is a separated , four-lane road that runs north and south from University Drive south to its end at 24th street , just south of the KU campus .
The first game of `` Basket Ball '' was played in December 1891 .
When Naismith returned he commented that seeing the game played by many nations was the greatest compensation he could have received for his invention .
Secondly , he saw that most physical contact happened while running with the ball , dribbling or hitting it . He decided that passing was the only legal option .
However , Naismith coached Forrest `` Phog '' Allen , who took over as coach at Kansas . Allen was also added to the Basketball Hall of Fame .
Naismith is buried in Memorial Park Cemetery in Lawrence , KS .
To score goals , he made players throw a soft lobbing shot that he had used in his old favorite game duck on a rock .
Including his years as coach , Naismith served as athletic director and faculty at the school for a total of almost 40 years .
Maude Naismith died in 1937 , and on June 11 , 1939 , he married his second wife Florence Kincaid .
This was about 10 feet from the floor , one at each end of the gymnasium .
In 1898 , Naismith became the first college basketball coach of the University of Kansas basketball team .
In 1935 , the National Association of Basketball Coaches -LRB- created by Naismith 's pupil Phog Allen -RRB- collected money so that the 74-year old Naismith could witness the introduction of basketball into the official Olympic sports program of the 1936 Summer Olympic Games .
There , Naismith handed out the medals to three North American teams ; United States , for the Gold Medal , Canada , for the Silver Medal , and Mexico , for their Bronze medal win .
In Lawrence , Kansas , James Naismith has a road named in his honor , Naismith Drive , which runs in front of Allen Fieldhouse -LRB- the official address of Allen Fieldhouse is 1700 Naismith Drive -RRB- , Kansas University 's basketball arena .
When Allen became a coach himself and told him that he was going to coach basketball at Baker University in 1904 , Naismith said to him : `` You ca n't coach basketball ; you just play it . ''
On June 20 , 1894 , Naismith married Maude E. Sherman from Springfield .
The university also named the court in Allen Fieldhouse , James Naismith Court in his honor .
I then put the 13 rules on the bulletin board just behind the instructor 's platform , secured a soccer ball and awaited the arrival of the class ... The class did not show much enthusiasm but followed my lead ... I then explained what they had to do to make goals , tossed the ball up between the two center men & tried to keep them somewhat near the rules .
He was described as quite thin , 5 foot 10 Â 1\/2 inches tall and weighing 168 pounds . He was a talented and quick-moving athlete who played for McGill in Canadian football , soccer and gymnastics .
By the turn of the century , there were enough college teams in the east of the U.S. that the first games between different colleges could be played .
Firstly , he studied the most popular games of those times -LRB- rugby , lacrosse , soccer , football , hockey and baseball -RRB- . He saw the danger of a small fast ball and decided that the big soft soccer ball was safest .
Although his sport continuously grew , Naismith long regarded his game as a curiosity and preferred gymnastics and wrestling as better forms of physical education .
Naismith suffered a major brain hemorrhage on November 19 the same year and died nine days later in his home located in Lawrence , Kansas .
From Springfield , Naismith went to Denver where he studied for a medical degree and in 1898 he joined the University of Kansas faculty at Lawrence , Kansas .
Finally , Naismith further reduced body contact by making the goal unguardable , by putting it high above the player 's heads .
When Dean Smith retired as head Basketball coach at North Carolina he had the most wins in college basketball history , second was Adolph Rupp -LRB- Kentucky -RRB- and third was Allen .
By 1893 , basketball was introduced in other countries by the YMCA movement .
Posthumously , his masterwork `` Basketball â '' its Origins and Development '' was published in 1941 .
Naismith was , ironically , the only coach in the program 's history to have a losing record -LRB- 55 â `` 60 -RRB- .
He went to grade school at Bennies Corners near Almonte , then Almonte High School , and graduated in 1883 .
The teams had nine players , and used a soccer ball . The goals were a pair of peach baskets : `` When Mr. Stubbins brot -LRB- sic -RRB- up the peach baskets to the gym I secured them on the inside of the railing of the gallery .
As the Basketball Hall of Fame reports , Naismith was not interested in self-promotion nor in the glory of competitive sports .
During his time at Kansas , Allen coached Dean Smith -LRB- 1952 National Championship team -RRB- and Adolph Rupp -LRB- 1922 Helms Foundation National Championship team -RRB- .
Dr. Luther Gulick , leader of the Springfield YMCA Physical Education , told Naismith to make up a game that could be played inside which would be a good `` athletic distraction '' in 14 days . Gulick said that it should not need too much room , help the athletes keep healthy , and was `` fair for all players and not too rough . ''
Naismith was born in 1861 in Ramsay Township -LRB- now Almonte , Ontario -RRB- .
He was a member of the Pi Gamma Mu and Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternities , and regarding his spiritual beliefs , Naismith is remembered as a Freemason .
In the same year , Naismith entered McGill University in Montreal .
Danelectro is a manufacturer of musical instruments and accessories , specializing in guitars , bass guitars , amplifiers and effects units .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 .
In 1990 , the band was joined by a new bass player , Ben Shepherd .
The album brought the band to a new level of commercial success , and Soundgarden found itself amidst the sudden popularity and attention being paid to the Seattle music scene .
Superunknown , released in 1994 , debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and launched several successful singles , including `` Spoonman '' and `` Black Hole Sun '' .
In 1989 , the band released its first album for a major label , Louder Than Love .
In 1996 , the band released its fifth studio album , Down on the Upside ; while successful , the album could not emulate the precedent set by Superunknown .
Soundgarden was formed in 1984 by vocalist Chris Cornell , guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
In 1988 , the band signed with legendary punk record label SST Records and released its debut full-length album Ultramega OK .
Soundgarden has sold eight million records in the US , and an estimated twenty million albums worldwide .
The band signed with the independent label Sub Pop and released the Screaming Life EP in 1987 and the Fopp EP in 1988 .
In 1997 , the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction .
The band 's next album was to be its breakthrough .
The band subsequently signed with A&M Records , becoming the first grunge band to sign with a major label .
The discography of Soundgarden , a Seattle , Washington-based alternative rock band , consists of five studio albums , two compilation albums , five extended plays -LRB- EP -RRB- , and eighteen singles .
They released Badmotorfinger in 1991 .
This list does not include material recorded by Soundgarden band members with Skin Yard , Temple of the Dog , Pearl Jam , Hater , Wellwater Conspiracy , or Audioslave .
Saint-Amand , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The word Naib means assistant or deputy while Nazim is similar to a mayor , so a Naib Nazim is similar in to a deputy mayor .
A Naib Nazim , or deputy Nazim , is an elected government official in Pakistan .
In many cases , at least a portion of the rails are placed in tunnels dug beneath the surface of a city .
Many systems combine Metro with other types of transit .
Underground , subway and metro are common names for a form of mass transit public transport system employing trains .
Lavazan is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Caracals can jump and climb every well , which enables them to catch hyraxes better than any other carnivore .
They can hunt birds very well ; a caracal is able to snatch a bird in flight , sometimes more than one at a time .
Drivers in countries where caracals live , for example , Kenya and Botswana , see many animals next to roads , but it is very rare a sighting of a caracal .
The angle between the fault plane and an imaginary horizontal plane is called the dip angle of the fault .
Charsadda District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan . The city of Charsadda is the capital .
Its county seat is Louisburg .
The Methodist Louisburg College and a campus of Vance-Granville Community College are in Franklin County .
Franklin County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments .
It was named for Benjamin Franklin .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
As of 2000 , the population was 47,260 .
The county was made in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County .
The Legacy of Heorot is a science fiction novel written in 1987 by Larry Niven , Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes .
After enough Grendels get killed , the other Grendels learn to run away instead of just attack .
Riedholz is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Chouain is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Hoxie is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
The show has also made several spin-off shows including Viva La Bam , Wildboyz , Homewrecker , Dr. Steve-O and Blastazoid and a video game called Jackass : The Game .
Jackass was an American Reality television comedy series which was first shown on MTV on October 1 , 2000 . The series centers around the cast and celebrity guests performing lots of dangerous , crude , ridiculous , and self-injuring stunts and pranks .
The show has spawned three movies Jackass : The Movie , Jackass 2 and Jackass 3-D .
In addition , there are about 100 more species which have been collected , but not yet described .
The animals have two sexes as adults .
They are the first multicellular organisms known to spend their entire lives in an oxygen-free environment .
They are found at all depths of water , in different sediment types , and in all latitudes .
Their size ranges from 100 Â m to about 1 mm .
Their habitat is in the spaces between marine gravel to which they attach themselves .
They are among the most recently discovered groups of Metazoans .
It is thought they are able to do this because they rely on organelles which , unlike normal mitochondria , do not use oxygen for their energy cycle .
There are some complex and flexible life cycles with different forms of parthenogenetic reproduction .
The first specimen was collected in the 1970s , and later described in 1983 .
They attach themselves quite firmly to the gravel , and this explains why they remained undiscovered for so long .
Protected by the lorica , the animals have a head , mouth and digestive system .
This is a list of ChuckleVision episodes , a popular British children 's television series .
All the episodes in Series 12-13 were originally 20 minutes in length , but in 2004 the BBC cut them down to 15 minutes in length to suit their schedule .
Lavaqueresse is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Prouvais is a commune . It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Caviar is a luxury food . Caviar is processed , salted and non-fertilized sturgeon roe eggs .
Caviar is processed , salted and non-fertilized sturgeon roe eggs . The world 's largest producer and exporter of caviar is Iran .
Caviar is a luxury food .
Horse back riding lessons could be considered `` Pleasure Riding '' . Pleasure riding can be called trail riding .
Courgenay is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It had a seating capacity of 250 people , and was heated by two coal stoves at either end which shared a common chimney .
Dildo Island was one of the places designated for this purpose .
Dildo is a town on the southeastern Dildo Arm of Trinity Bay on the island of Newfoundland , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The first church was built in 1878 by the people of Dildo .
It was a simple structure that had no tower and was 30 f wide by 80 f long .
In 1613 , Henry Crout met the Beothuks , who were living on Dildo Island at this time .
He traded with them and left gifts .
Dildo has a long history , going as far back as 2000 BC when Maritime Archaic aboriginal people resided at Anderson 's Cove .
South Dildo is a neighbouring unincorporated community .
By 700 AD Dorset had inhabited Dildo Island .
In 1711 the inhabitants of Trinity Bay were ordered by Governor Crow to leave their homes during the winter , to defend themselves against the French who burned their houses .
This Church served the community until 1964 when the present -LRB- larger -RRB- building was constructed .
The town of Dildo was created in the late 1700s and settled to use the marine resources such as fish -LRB- mostly cod -RRB- , whales and seals .
Mary Magdalene is a woman in all four gospels of the New Testament .
Widen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Tatsuya Ikeda -LRB- born 18 May 1988 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Oita Trinita .
Atsushi Yamaguchi -LRB- born 8 July 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The target username has made edits to Wikipedia .
The Rice White Stemborer -LRB- Scirpophaga innotata -RRB- is a species of moth of the Crambidae family .
It is found in Indonesia , Pakistan the Philippines and the tropical north of Australia .
Up until , not all points scored by a constructor contributed to their final World Championship tally -LRB- see point scoring system for more information -RRB- .
Numbers without parentheses are Championship points ; numbers in parentheses are total points scored .
Season in progress .
^ Points total includes points scored by private entries .
The second table includes results from privately owned McLaren cars in World Championship Grands Prix .
__ toc __ The table below details World Championship Grand Prix results for the McLaren Formula One team .
McLaren lost all points in the 2007 Constructors Championship as a result of a World Motorsport Council decision over the 2007 Formula One espionage controversy .
Ryan Miller -LRB- born July 17 , 1980 -RRB- is an American ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Coucy-la-Ville is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Kilwinning is a town in North Ayrshire , Scotland , UK .
It is known as The Crossroads of Ayrshire .
Idriss Carlos Kameni -LRB- born 18 February 1984 -RRB- is a Cameroonian football player . He plays for Espanyol Barcelona and Cameroon national team .
He plays for Fagiano Okayama .
Yasuhiro Nomoto -LRB- born 25 June 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The 15th and last shogun was Tokugawa Yoshinobu .
The period is marked the governance of the Tokugawa shogunate , which was functionally established at Edo in 1603 by the Tokugawa Ieyasu .
Takeshi Yamaguchi -LRB- born 10 June 1979 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
A trading post is a place where trade takes place .
Trading posts were common places in Canada and the United States when Canada and the United States were new countries . People used trading posts to trade fur and other things .
The path to a trading post , or between trading posts , is known as a trade route .
Durham Castle and Cathedral is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
So far reaching were the bishopâ s powers that the steward of Bishop Anthony Bek commented in 1299 AD : â There are two kings in England , namely the Lord King of England , wearing a crown in sign of his regality and the Lord Bishop of Durham wearing a mitre in place of a crown , in sign of his regality in the diocese of Durhamâ . All this activity was administrated from the castle and buildings surrounding the Palace Green .
As the north east was so far from Westminster the bishops of Durham enjoyed extraordinary powers . They had the ability to hold their own parliament , raise their own armies , appoint their own sheriffs and Justices , administer their own laws , levy taxes and customs duties , create fairs and markets , issue charters , salvage shipwrecks , collect revenue from mines , administer the forests and mint their own coins .
Durham is well known for its Norman Cathedral and 11th-century castle , and is home to Durham University .
It lies to the south of Newcastle Upon Tyne , Chester-le-Street and Sunderland and to the north of Darlington .
The Prince Bishops also had their own court system , most notably the Durham Court of Chancery .
The present city can clearly be traced back to AD 995 , when a group of monks from Lindisfarne chose to settle there with the body of Saint Cuthbert , which had previously lain in Chester-le-Street .
Durham is well known for its Norman Cathedral and 11th-century castle , and is home to Durham University . HM Prison Durham is also located close to the city center .
It is within the County Durham local government district , and is the county town of the larger ceremonial county .
The county also had its own attorney general , whose authority to bring an indictment for criminal matters was tested by central government in the infamous case of Rex v. Mary Ann Cotton -LRB- 1832 -RRB- .
The courts and judicial posts for the county were finally abolished in 1873 .
Durhamâ s geographical position has always given it an important position in the defense of England against the Scots .
Before the Reformation the shrine of Saint Cuthbert , situated behind the High Altar of Durham Cathedral , was the most important religious site in England until the martyrdom of St. Thomas Becket at Canterbury .
Every Bishop of Durham from 1071 to 1836 was a Prince Bishop except for the first Norman-appointed Bishop Walcher who was styled an Earl-Bishop .
Saint Bede 's bones are also entombed in the cathedral , drawing the mediaeval pilgrim to the city .
HM Prison Durham is also located close to the city center .
Despite a brief translation back to Holy Island during the Norman Invasion the saint 's relics remain enshrined to the present day .
The city has played an important part in the defense of the north and Durham Castle is the only Norman castle keep never to have suffered a breach .
The city suffered from a number of plague outbreaks in 1544 , 1589 and 1598 .
Henry VIII cut some of the Prince-Bishop 's powers and , in 1538 , ordered the destruction of the shrine of Saint Cuthbert .
The last Prince Bishop of Durham Bishop William Van Mildert founded Durham University .
The Battle of Neville 's Cross which took place near the city on 17 October 1346 between the English and Scots was the most famous battle of its age .
Archeological evidence shows settlement in the area since 2000 BC .
Durham is a city in the North East of England .
Russia was only one of 15 Soviet Socialist Republics . The republic was in fact named the `` Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic '' -LRB- RSFSR -RRB- .
World-renowned composers of the 20th century included Alexander Scriabin , Igor Stravinsky , Sergei Rachmaninoff , Sergei Prokofiev , and Dmitri Shostakovich .
The Vikings and their descendants founded the first East Slavic state of Kievan Rus ' in the 9th century . They adopted Christianity from the Byzantine Empire in 988 .
Dmitry Medvedev was elected President of Russia in 2008 . Vladimir Putin , the former President , and a former agent of the KGB , became Prime Minister in the same year .
Most Christians in Russia belong to the Russian Orthodox Church . It is one of the Eastern Orthodox Churches .
The most powerful successor state to Kievan Rus ' was the Grand Duchy of Moscow . This area served as the main force in later Russian unification and the fight against the Golden Horde from Asia .
The roots of Russia 's history began when the East Slavs formed a group in Europe between the 3rd and 8th centuries AD or maybe before that time .
Tatsuro Kimura -LRB- born 24 June 1984 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Egerkingen is a municipality in the district GÃ u in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Final Fantasy X-2 is a fantasy role-playing video game . It was made by Square Enix .
It is a direct sequel to the game Final Fantasy X , the first direct sequel in the Final Fantasy series .
Final Fantasy X-2 is a fantasy role-playing video game .
It was made by Square Enix .
Effingen is a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The lion-tailed macaque is one if the rarest primates .
With a head-to-tail length of 45 to 60 cm and a weight of 3 to 10kg , it is one of the smaller macaques .
There is a black tuft at the end of the tail , similar to a lion 's tail .
368 of these Macaque are reported to live in zoos .
The lion-tailed macaque -LRB- Macaca silenus -RRB- is an Old World monkey . It lives in the Western Ghats mountains of India .
It is a good climber and spends most of its life in the upper branches .
Unlike other macaques , it avoids humans .
The hair of the Lion-tailed macaque is dark-brown or black .
Many zoos take part in breeding programs to help this species survive .
The BMI was invented by Adolphe Quetelet between 1830 and 1850 .
For example , in the United States in 2007 , 74 % of adults had a BMI above 25 -LRB- Overweight or Obese -RRB- and 27 % of adults had a BMI above 30 -LRB- Obese -RRB- .
BMI is less useful for finding out whether one person is too fat or too thin . BMI does not say how much weight is fat , how much is muscle and how much is bone .
The body mass index -LRB- or BMI -RRB- is a measure which shows whether people have the right weight for their height .
They are too fat but their BMI is normal .
BMI is useful for governments who want to know about the health of their people . For example , in the United States in 2007 , 74 % of adults had a BMI above 25 -LRB- Overweight or Obese -RRB- and 27 % of adults had a BMI above 30 -LRB- Obese -RRB- .
In 1888 , Roux published the results of a series of defect experiments in which he took 2 and 4 cell frog embryos and killed half of the cells of each embryo with a hot needle .
His methodology was to interfere with developing embryos and observe the outcome .
This led him to propose his `` mosaic '' theory : after a few cell divisions the embryo would be like a mosaic , each cell playing its own unique part in the entire design .
After a few years Roux 's theory was refuted by the studies of his colleague Hans Driesch and later , with more precision , Hans Spemann showed that , as a rule , Driesch 's conclusions were correct , but that results like Roux 's may be obtained after intervention in certain planes .
Roux 's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics .
Wilhelm Roux -LRB- Jena , Germany , 9 June 1850 â `` 15 September 1924 -RRB- was a German zoologist and pioneer of experimental embryology .
Despite this early lapse Roux 's pioneering mechanical methodology was to prove most fruitful in 20th century biology .
He reported that they grew into half-embryos and surmised that the separate function of the two cells had already been determined .
For ten years he worked in Breslau -LRB- now Wroclaw -RRB- , becoming director of his own Institute of Embryology in 1879 .
Roux 's investigations were performed mainly on frogs ' eggs to research the earliest structures in amphibian development .
His goal was to show Darwinian processes at work on the cellular level .
He was professor at Innsbruck , Austria from 1889 â `` 95 , then accepted a professorial chair at the Anatomical Institute of the University of Halle , a post he retained until 1921 .
Gary Lineker -LRB- born 30 November 1960 -RRB- is a former English football player .
Oenothera is a genus of about 125 species of annual , biennial and perennial herbaceous flowering plants , native to North and South America .
Common names include evening primrose , suncups , and sundrops .
It is the type genus of the family Onagraceae .
Before Grohl was a member of Foo Fighters , he was the drummer for the popular grunge band , Nirvana .
This part of the conquest and colonization of the Americas began in the early 16th century , but it took more time than the similar campaigns against the Aztec and Inca Empires .
But except for the PetÃ n region and the Guatemalan highlands , the Spanish had control over YucatÃ n itself already by 1546 .
The Spanish Conquest of YucatÃ n was the campaign undertaken by the Spanish conquistadores against the Late Postclassic Maya states .
It was about 170 years later before the last Maya stronghold fell , that of the Itza capital of Tayasal on Lake PetÃ n ItzÃ , in 1697 .
Benjamin Peter James Bradshaw -LRB- born 30 August 1960 -RRB- is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Exeter constituency in the United Kingdom . He was elected in the 1997 general election .
Ergastic substances may appear in the protoplasm , in vacuoles , or in the cell wall .
The living protoplasm of a cell is sometimes called the bioplasm and something else than the ergastic substances of the cell .
These are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism , and include crystals , oil drops , gums , tannins , resins and other compounds that can help the organism in defense , maintenance of cellular structure , or just substance storage .
Ergastic substances are non-protoplasm materials that one can find in cells .
The Philadelphia Inquirer is a newspaper that serves the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area of the United States .
The newspaper was founded by John R. Walker and John Norvell in June 1829 as The Pennsylvania Inquirer and is the third-oldest surviving daily newspaper in the United States .
The Philadelphia Inquirer is a newspaper that serves the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , metropolitan area of the United States . The newspaper was founded by John R. Walker and John Norvell in June 1829 as The Pennsylvania Inquirer and is the third-oldest surviving daily newspaper in the United States .
Owned by the local group Philadelphia Media Holdings LLC , The Inquirer has the nineteenth largest average weekday U.S. newspaper circulation and has won eighteen Pulitzer Prizes .
Ella Enchanted is a Newbery Honor book . It was written by Gail Carson Levine .
The story is a retelling of Cinderella featuring various mythical creatures including elves , ogres , dwarves and giants .
Timothy Henry `` Tim '' Henman OBE -LRB- born 6 September , 1974 -RRB- is a retired English tennis player , born in Oxford .
Britt Max Mayfield -LRB- born on September 19 , 1948 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma -RRB- is a meteorologist who served as the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007 .
As director , Mayfield became a trusted voice in preparing for weather-related disasters , particularly those involving tropical storms and hurricanes .
Volkswagen Corrado was a car produced by Volkswagen from 1988 through 1995 .
Thracian troops accompanied neighboring ruler Alexander the Great when he crossed the Hellespont -LRB- which abuts Thrace -RRB- and took on the Persian Empire of the day .
The Thracians were an ancient Indo-European people inhabiting Central , Eastern and Southeastern Europe .
The Thracians did not describe themselves as such and Thrace and Thracians are simply the names given them by the Greeks .
Recent funeral mounds in Bulgaria suggest that Thracian kings did rule regions of Thrace with distinct Thracian national identity .
The indigenous population of Thrace was a people called the Thracians , divided into numerous tribal groups .
Thrace is a historical and geographic area in southeast Europe .
Like Illyrians , Thracian tribes of the mountainous regions had a warrior tradition , while the tribes based in the plains were more peaceable .
Divided into separate tribes , the Thracians did not manage to form a lasting political organization until the Odrysian state was founded in the 4th century BC .
Thrace included areas which are now southeastern Bulgaria , northeastern Greece , and the European part of Turkey .
Writer Dean Koontz was born here .
Don Blocker -LRB- December 10 , 1928 â `` May 13 , 1972 -RRB- was an American actor .
An Aftershock is a smaller earthquake which comes after a large earthquake -LRB- called the main shock -RRB- in the same area .
There are many laws which aftershocks meet , but the most famous is Omori 's Law .
In 1894 , Fusakichi Omori did some works on aftershocks , and firstly he came up with this rule :
Months before going to Jerilderie , and with help from Joe Byrne , Ned Kelly dictated a long letter -LRB- 56 pages -RRB- . The letter told his story , about how he became a bushranger , and the treatment of his family by the police .
Kelly also burned all the townspeople 's mortgage deeds in the bank .
A skull , said to be Kelly 's was found in 1929 , was put on display at the Old Melbourne Gaol , but it was stolen in 1978 .
Joe Byrne died from loss of blood because a gunshot cut his femoral artery . Dan Kelly and Steve Hart may have killed themselves .
When the other two police returned to camp , McIntyre told them to surrender .
While Dan Kelly and Steve Hart kept the hostages busy with `` drinks on the house '' -LRB- free drinks -RRB- , Ned Kelly and Joe Byrne went to the telegraph office and cut down some of the poles and cut the wires . They then went and robbed the local bank of about Â # 2,414 .
On 25 October 1878 , two groups of police set out to find the Kellys .
On the 10 December 1878 , the gang robbed the Australian National Bank at Euroa .
They got into the bank and held up the bank manager , Scott , and his two tellers -LRB- bank workers -RRB- .
Sir Redmond Barry died from the effects of a carbuncle -LRB- a large abscess -RRB- on his neck on 23 November , 1880 , 12 days after Kelly .
The police had one small injury ; the police Superintendent , Francis Hare , received a wound to his wrist , then fled the battle .
After taking all the money , the gang forced Scott , his wife , family , maids and tellers to go with them back to Faithful Creek . They were locked up with the other hostages .
Kennedy ran shooting from tree to tree with Ned chasing him .
The four policemen who were protecting him at the time hid under the bed and did not report the murder until the next day .
Barry said the words `` May God have mercy on your soul '' and sentenced Kelly to death . Kelly said `` I will go a little further than that , and say I will see you there when I go '' .
Two newspapers -LRB- The Age and The Herald -RRB- reported Kelly 's last words as `` Such is life '' .
Kelly , dressed in home-made metal armor and helmet , was captured and sent to trial .
The outlaws gave a display of horse riding and tricks which entertained and surprised their hostages .
They set up a camp at Stringybark Creek in a thick forest area .
After having supper , and telling the people not to leave the farm for another three hours , they left .
The gang decided that Aaron Sherritt , Joe Byrne 's best friend , was a police spy .
On Monday the gang rounded up various people and forced them into the back room of the Royal Mail Hotel .
Ned and Dan went to the police camp and told them to surrender .
On the 26 June 1880 , Dan Kelly and Joe Byrne went to Sherritt 's house in the Woolshed Valley near Beechworth and killed him .
He was hanged for murder at the Melbourne gaol in 1880 .
They went to the bank and said they had a message from McCauley , the farm manager .
A final violent fight with police took place at Glenrowan .
Ned Kelly survived to stand trial for the murder of Thomas Lonigan at Stringybark Creek . He was sentenced by the Irish-born judge Sir Redmond Barry .
He has become a symbolic figure in Australian history , folklore , books , art and film .
He is remembered in the saying '' ... as game as Ned Kelly '' .
They knew the two brothers were hiding in the Wombat Ranges north of Mansfield .
Scanlon went for his gun but Ned shot him dead .
Constable McIntyre put his arms up , but Lonigan got out his gun .
He was hanged on 11 November 1880 , at the Melbourne Gaol for murder .
Metalogic is the science of reasoning about the arguments that are in logic itself . While logic deals with external truths , metalogic deals with truths that lie while using logic .
Workington is a town in Cumbria , England .
Charles Monroe Schulz -LRB- November 26 , 1922 â `` February 12 , 2000 -RRB- was an American cartoonist , whose comic strip Peanuts proved one of the most popular and influential in the history of the medium , and is still widely reprinted on a daily basis .
A subset is a set which has some -LRB- or all -RRB- of the elements of another set , called superset , but does not have any elements that the superset does not have .
It is the home of the National Tramway Museum in the Crich Tramway Village .
The tower has 52 steps to the top . From the top of the tower , eight counties and landmarks such as the Humber Bridge and Lincoln Cathedral can be seen .
The tower was built in 1923 on the site of an older tower called Crich Stand . The Memorial Tower is the end of an annual pilgrimage on the first Sunday in July .
The workhouse accepted poor people from places , including Melbourne , Pentrich , Willington , Mercaston and Denby .
A workhouse opened in 1734 and had 40 people .
Crich -LRB- kryech -RRB- is a village in the English county of Derbyshire .
At the top of Crich Hill is a tower .
For more complex fields with preformatted contents that would still be present if a parameter was unset , you can wrap it all in a simple `` if '' statement to make the whole thing vanish when not used .
Each row on the table can either be a `` header '' , or it can have a label\/data pair , or it can just be a data cell .
; name : The template page name that the `` view\/discuss\/edit '' links should point to .
Image is centered by default .
See Infobox for information on how to craft infoboxes in general .
; caption : Text to put underneath the image .
Use full image syntax , for example .
These are mutually exclusive states so if you define a row to be both a header and a label\/data pair , the label\/data pair is overridden .
This template is intended as a meta-template , that is , a template that 's used when constructing other templates .
It 's not meant for use directly in an article .
Usage is similar to , but with an additional distinction .
To make a field optional , use a parameter that defaults to an empty string , like so :
; image : An image to display at the top of the template .
; header -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to use as a header in row n. ; label -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to use as a label in row n. ; data -LRB- n -RRB- : Text to display as data in row n. ; below : Text to put in the bottom cell .
The bottom cell is intended for footnotes , see-also , and other such information .
Here 's a stale example of the output generated by this template .
The content is drawn randomly from a pre-defined list .
This template generates a box for a portal home page .
To see a real time example , see what links here .
Monifieth is a town and former police burgh in the council area of Angus , Scotland .
It also has other names , like Euler 's number -LRB- because of the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler -RRB- , or Napier 's constant -LRB- because of the Scottish mathematician John Napier -RRB- .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed , but provides sporadic forest cover that can be grazed by animals .
It is divided into three federal states within Sudan : Gharb Darfur -LRB- West Darfur -RRB- , Janub Darfur -LRB- South Darfur -RRB- , and Shamal Darfur -LRB- North Darfur -RRB- .
To the north the goz is overtaken by the desert sands of the Sahara .
The region 's main towns are Al Fashir , Nyala , and Geneina .
It is largely an arid plateau with the Marrah Mountains -LRB- Jebel Marra -RRB- , a range of volcanic peaks rising up to 3000 m -LRB- 10,100 ft -RRB- , in the center of the region .
The west of Darfur is dominated by the third feature , basement rock , sometimes covered with a thin layer of sandy soil .
The fourth and final feature are the Marrah Mountains , that rise up to a peak at Deriba crater where there is a small area of temperate climate , high rainfall and permanent springs of water .
In many places the goz is waterless and can only be inhabited where there are water reservoirs or deep boreholes .
A second feature are the wadis , seasonal watercourses ranging from small rivulets that flood only occasionally during the wet season to large wadis that flood for most of the rains and flow from western Darfur hundreds of miles west to Lake Chad .
The whole eastern half of Darfur is covered with plains and low hills of sandy soils , known as goz , and sandstone hills .
There are four main features of the physical geography .
Many wadis have pans of alluvium with rich soil that are also difficult to cultivate .
Oleg Dmitriyevich Kononenko is a Russian cosmonaut .
This page contains pages for federal law enforcement agencies of the Canadian government .
Gatcombe Park is the private country home of Anne , Princess Royal , situated in England between the Gloucestershire villages of Minchinhampton and Avening , five miles -LRB- 8 km -RRB- south of Stroud and around six miles -LRB- 10 km -RRB- north of Highgrove , the country residence of Prince Charles .
The field gets its name from Mount Cayley , the biggest and most active volcano .
The Mount Cayley volcanic field is a volcanic area on the south coast of British Columbia , Canada . It is 31 k long .
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored by and presented by the adult video industry magazine AVN . They began in January 1984 .
The AVN Awards are movie awards sponsored by and presented by the adult video industry magazine AVN .
PlÃ rin is a commune . It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .
Akira Ito -LRB- born 19 September 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In the east there are the Argo-Saronic Islands and in the west there are the Ionian Islands .
Its name means Island of the People and was named after Pelops .
Kim Il-Sung -LRB- April 15 , 1912 - July 8 , 1994 -RRB- was the first Communist leader -LRB- from 1948 until his death -RRB- of North Korea .
His son Kim Jong-il is the current ruler of North Korea .
Conduit current collection is a system of electric current collection used by electric trams . The power supply is in a channel under the roadway , rather than in overhead wires .
Sins is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Luton Town F.C. are an English football club that are based in Luton in the county of Bedfordshire .
The first recorded use of copper as a color name in English was in 1594 .
Copper is the color of the metal copper .
Greenbrier County is a county in the state of West Virginia , in the United States .
Postclassic Maya states also continued to survive in the southern highlands .
The Rabinal AchÃ is a play written in the Q ` eqchi ' language . It was declared a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity -LRB- an important part of the world 's history -RRB- by UNESCO in 2005 .
The last Maya states , the Itza city of Tayasal and the Ko ` woj city of Zacpeten , were continuously occupied . They remained independent of the Spanish until late in the 17th century .
At some point , the ruling dynasties of Chichen and Uxmal declined . Afterwards , Mayapan ruled all of YucatÃ n until a revolt in 1450 .
The Ko ` woj had their capital at Zacpeten .
The area then broke up into competing city-states until the YucatÃ n was conquered by the Spanish .
They traded with many of the other Mesoamerican cultures , such as Teotihuacan , the Zapotec , and other groups in central and gulf-coast Mexico .
They were finally conquered in 1697 .
Some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza , Uxmal , EdznÃ , and Coba .
Tayasal ruled over an area extending across the Peten Lakes region , encompassing the community of Eckixil on Lake Quexil .
Well-known cities were Tikal , Palenque , CopÃ n and Calakmul . Lesser-known cities were Dos Pilas , Uaxactun , Altun Ha , and Bonampak , among others .
The maya Itza , Ko ` woj , and Yalain groups of Central Peten survived the `` Classic Period Collapse '' in small numbers . By 1250 , they started to form competing city-states .
One of the Maya kingdoms in this area , the QuichÃ , is responsible for the best-known Maya work of historiography and mythology , the Popol Vuh .
Some of the things the Maya did changed the way other people did the same things , even as far away as central Mexico which is more than km -LRB- 625 miles -RRB- from where the Maya lived .
It was at its strongest and most advanced between 250 AD and 900 AD . This is called the Classic period .
The Maya also made carved stone slabs usually called stelae -LRB- the Maya called them tetun , or `` tree-stones '' -RRB- . These slabs show rulers along with hieroglyphic texts -LRB- a type of writing -RRB- describing their genealogy , military victories , and other things that they did successfully .
The most notable monuments are the pyramids they built in their religious centers and the palaces of their leaders .
The Itza maintained their capital at Tayasal -LRB- also known as Noh PetÃ n -RRB- . The remains of this city are thought to be below the modern city of Flores , Guatemala on Lake PetÃ n ItzÃ .
Some known population centers in the north were Oxkintok , Chunchucmil , and the early occupation of Uxmal .
The palace at CancuÃ n is the largest in the Maya area . There are no pyramids near the palace .
Today , the Maya and their descendants are a big part of the population in the Maya area . They still have many of the same traditions and beliefs that the Maya from classic times had .
For example , archaeologists -LRB- people who study ancient things -RRB- found gold from Panama in the Sacred Cenote of Chichen Itza .
The Maya civilization was from the northern Central American region . It included some of the places that are now known as Guatemala , Belize , western Honduras and El Salvador , as well as the southern Mexican states of Chiapas , Tabasco , and the YucatÃ n Peninsula states of Quintana Roo , Campeche and YucatÃ n.
The area is normally divided into three parts : the southern Maya highlands , the southern -LRB- or central -RRB- Maya lowlands , and the northern Maya lowlands .
Humans are usually infected because they are bitten by a blood-sucking bug of the subfamily Triatominae , but the disease can also be spread by blood transfusion , organ transplantation , or by easting food contaminated with the parasite . Pregnant women may spread it to the fetus .
Chagas disease is a disease caused by the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi . The disease is also known as American trypanosomiasis .
Perhaps the best-known instance of purgatory in the arts is Dante 's Purgatorio , the second book of his Divine Comedy .
According to the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church , Purgatory is the `` final purification of the elect '' : `` All who die in God 's grace and friendship , but still imperfectly purified , are indeed assured of their eternal salvation ; but after death they undergo purification , so as to achieve the holiness necessary to enter the joy of heaven . ''
Clay County is a county in Alabama .
Lionello Manfredonia -LRB- born 27 November , 1956 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
In modern Western \/ European culture skirts are usually worn by women . An exception is the kilt and the fustanella , which are traditional skirts for men that are still worn today .
A skirt is a piece of clothing that hangs downwards from the waist .
It is by far the largest of the three ; More than 5,000 different species make up over 96 % of all living anurans .
Neobatrachia is a suborder of the Anura , which contains all frogs and toads .
Machair was written in English and translated into Gaelic , then given English subtitles and broadcast during primetime .
Machair got 30 % audience share and made it into the Top Ten of programs viewed in Scotland , even though fewer than 2 % of the Scottish population can speak Gaelic .
It was nominated for awards for production and writing from The Celtic Film Festival and Writers Guild of Great Britain .
Kenneth Roy , television critic of Scotland on Sunday , described it as `` A credit to the company -LRB- Scottish Television -RRB- and a smack in the face to those of us who were doubtful '' and after a few episodes said `` It is even better than it looked at first glance quite simply the best thing to have happened to television in Scotland for a long time . ''
Machair was a Scottish Gaelic television soap opera produced by Scottish Television Enterprises between August 1992 and September 1998 .
Michael Landon -LRB- October 31 , 1936 - July 1 , 1991 -RRB- was an American actor .
Schiff won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for her biography of Vera Nabokov , wife and muse of Lolita and Pale Fire author Vladimir Nabokov .
Schiff is a graduate of Phillips Academy . She earned her degree from Williams College in 1982 .
She was awarded a 2006 Academy Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Letters .
Schiff 's A Great Improvisation : Franklin , France , and the Birth of America won the 2006 George Washington Book Prize , the Ambassador Award in American Studies , and the Institut FranÃ aisâ s Gilbert Chinard Prize .
She was a Senior Editor at Simon & Schuster until 1990 .
Stacy Madeleine Schiff -LRB- born October 26 , 1960 -RRB- is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American nonfiction author and guest columnist for The New York Times .
She was also a in the final running for the 1995 Pulitzer Prize for Saint-Exup Ã ry : A Biography about Antoine de Saint ExupÃ ry .
Currently a guest writer at The New York Times , Schiff resides in New York City and Edmonton , Alberta .
Schiff has received fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and the National Endowment for the Humanities .
Her stories have been published in The New Yorker , The New York Times Book Review and The Times Literary Supplement .
Schiff has received fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment of the Humanities , and was a Directorâ s Fellow at the Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library .
Most of the names for nitrides follow a simple pattern : the name of the element attached to the nitrogen , then `` nitride '' . So , GaN would be gallium nitride .
Sainte-Pexine is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Mercer University is a private , coeducational university in Macon , Georgia .
Prana is in all living forms , but is not itself the soul .
He has played for Ajax and Netherlands national team .
Rinus Michels -LRB- born 9 February 1928 - died 3 March 2005 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .
Montehermoso -LRB- Montelmosu in Extremaduran language -RRB- is a municipality located in the province of CÃ ceres , Extremadura , Spain .
Saint-Nicolas is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
GReeeeN is a group of 4 singers : HIDE , SOH , 92 and navi .
He was buried at the Cathedral of Saint Giovanni Battista and later moved to the Basilica of Superga outside Turin .
Victor Amadeus of Savoy -LRB- Vittorio Amedeo Giovanni Filippo ; 6 May , 1699 -- 22 March , 1715 -RRB- was the eldest son of Victor Amadeus II , Duke of Savoy and Anne Marie d'Orl Ã ans .
He died of smallpox at the age of 15 .
He was the Heir apparent of Savoy from his birth and as such was styled as the Prince of Piedmont .
Piedmont died in Turin on 22 March 1715 having caught smallpox .
He acted as Regent of Savoy from September 1713 till September 1714 in the absences of his father .
PrÃ chac , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Midnight Snack is the second Tom and Jerry cartoon .
Henry Pelham -LRB- 25 September 1694 â `` 6 March 1754 -RRB- was a British Whig statesman , who served as Prime Minister of Great Britain from 27 August 1743 to his death about ten years later .
Pearl Harbor is a naval base in the U.S. state of Hawaii , on the island of Oahu .
However , the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor , on December 7 , 1941 , which was a surprise . The attack led to America 's fighting in World War II .
Its population at the 2000 census was 248,425 residents .
The Arrowhead Region is located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Minnesota , so called because of its pointed shape .
The mainly rural region is 27,575.19 kmÂ -LRB- 10,635.26 sq mi -RRB- of land area and comprises Carlton , Cook , Lake and St. Louis Counties .
They are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera including Coleophora case-bearers : C. ballotella , C. lineolea -LRB- which has been recorded on B. nigra -RRB- and C. ochripennella .
Ballota -LRB- horehound -RRB- is a genus of about 35 species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae , native to temperate regions of Europe , north Africa and western Asia , with the highest diversity in the Mediterranean region .
Joyeuse is twinned with Jupille and Vilassar de Dalt .
Joyeuse is a commune in the French department of ArdÃ che in the region of RhÃ ne-Alpes .
Joyeuse can be found in the region of Bas-Vivarais that has a lot of history . It can be found in the valley of the Beaume , which is a tributary of the ArdÃ che River .
The two best known such republics were Venice and Genoa , which had both maritime , commercial , and territorial mini-empires .
Doge -LRB- plural dogi or doges -RRB- is a word of an Italian dialect that comes from the Latin dux -LRB- as does the English duke and the standard Italian duce -RRB- , that means `` leader '' , especially in a military context .
The title of Doge was used for the elected chief of state in a number of Italian `` crowned republics '' .
Bassanne is a commune .
Carl Wilhelm Scheele -LRB- December 9 , 1742 - May 21 , 1786 -RRB- a German-Swedish pharmaceutical chemist , born in Stralsund , Western Pomerania , Germany -LRB- at the time under Swedish rule -RRB- , was the discoverer of many chemical substances , most notably discovering oxygen before Joseph Priestley and chlorine before Humphry Davy .
Because dark matter does not seem to give off or reflect light , x-rays , or any other radiation , the instruments which can find normal matter -LRB- like hot gas , stars , planets , and us -RRB- are unable to find dark matter . It seems that dark matter is not made of the same thing as the matter we see everyday on Earth .
Berrias-et-Casteljau is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
Queen 's Counsel -LRB- postnominal QC -RRB- , during the reign of a male sovereign known as King 's Counsel -LRB- KC -RRB- , are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries .
Jules Verne -LRB- February 8 , 1828 â `` March 24 , 1905 -RRB- was a French writer , he is considered to be one of the first authors to write science-fiction .
Some of his books include , Journey To The Center Of The Earth -LRB- 1864 -RRB- , ` By Earth to Moon -LRB- 1865 -RRB- , Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea -LRB- 1870 -RRB- , and Around the World in Eighty Days -LRB- 1873 -RRB- .
Mangwal is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 33 Â 6 ' 30N 72 Â 49 ' 32E .
Henry Agard Wallace -LRB- October 7 , 1888 â `` November 18 , 1965 -RRB- was the 33rd Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1941 â `` 45 -RRB- . He was also the eleventh Secretary of Agriculture -LRB- 1933 â `` 40 -RRB- .
The 1270s is the decade starting January 1 , 1270 , and ending December 31 , 1279 .
Zeiningen is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
This category page collects sub-categories that list pages about individual people , grouped according to their ethnicity .
Itancourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Tadahiko Ueda -LRB- born 3 August 1947 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Monthieux is a commune .
In May 1745 , Le Breton announced the work as available for sale , but Mills had not done the work .
The full title was EncyclopÃ die , ou Dictionnaire raisonnÃ des sciences , des arts et des mÃ tiers , par une sociÃ tÃ de gens de lettres , mis en ordre par M. Diderot de l'Acad Ã mie des Sciences et Belles-Lettres de Prusse , et quant Ã la partie mathÃ matique , par M. d'Alembert de l'Acad Ã mie royale des Sciences de Paris , de celle de Prusse et de la SociÃ tÃ royale de Londres .
In August 1747 , Gua de Malves was fired for being a poor leader .
Still , the EncyclopÃ die is famous above all for representing the thought of the Enlightenment . According to Denis Diderot in the article `` EncyclopÃ die '' , the EncyclopÃ dies aim was `` to change the way people think . ''
In 1743 , the translation was given by the Parisian book publisher AndrÃ Le Breton to John Mills , an Englishman living in France .
Mills sued for assault , but Le Breton was set free because he was justified .
Still , the EncyclopÃ die is famous above all for representing the thought of the Enlightenment .
Le Breton beat Mills with a cane .
For his new editor , Le Breton chose mathematician Jean Paul de Gua de Malves .
The EncyclopÃ die was the first encyclopedia to include contributions from many people , and it was the first to include the engineering .
EncyclopÃ die , ou dictionnaire raisonnÃ des sciences , des arts et des mÃ tiers was a general encyclopedia published in France between 1751 and 1772 .
Le Breton then hired Diderot and Jean d'Alembert as the new editors .
The EncyclopÃ die was conceived as a translation of Ephraim Chambers 's Cyclopaedia -LRB- 1728 -RRB- .
Modern Anti-Armenianism is usually associated with either extreme opposition to the actions or existence of the Armenian Republic , and belief in an Armenian conspiracy .
Anti-Armenianism is hostility toward or prejudice against Armenian people , Armenian culture and the Republic of Armenia , which can range in expression from individual hatred to institutionalized persecution .
Several organizations have stated that difficulties currently experienced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are a result of an anti-Armenian attitude by the Turkish government as well as by ultra-nationalist groups such as the Grey Wolves .
For several months in 1994 , Ahmet CoÅ ar going by the alias of Serdar Argic posted thousands of messages , claiming that the Armenian Genocide did not happen or that Armenians massacred Turks , on Usenet newsgroup threads mentioning the word Turkey .
The controversy and emotions surrounding the Armenian Genocide and Nagorno-Karabakh are two examples of intense anti-Armenianism in both countries .
Modern anti-Armenianism often seems to lacks a racial and cultural basis and appears to be based more on geopolitics and history , in addition to diplomatic and strategic interests , involving the modern states of Turkey and Azerbaijan .
Coullemont is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol -LRB- XMPP -RRB- -LRB- formerly named Jabber -RRB- is a protocol for instant messaging .
In 2007 , Jabber Software Foundation -LRB- JSF -RRB- became XMPP Standards Foundation -LRB- XSF -RRB- .
Harald Konopka -LRB- born 18 November , 1952 -RRB- is a former German football player .
The biggest industry in San Marino is tourism .
San Marino is not a member of the European Union , but the euro is used in San Marino .
The biggest industry in San Marino is tourism . Selling postage stamps is an important source of income , too .
The National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- season is divided into the regular season and the Stanley Cup playoffs .
In the regular season , teams play 82 games which determine their standings .
The eight top teams in each conference enter the playoff elimination tournament to determine the Stanley Cup champion .
Marchais-en-Brie is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Henry IV of France -LRB- December 13 , 1553 â `` May 14 , 1610 -RRB- was born in Pau .
Frosinone is a province in the region of Latium -LRB- or -RRB- in Italy .
Dartmouth University is a defunct institution in New Hampshire which existed from 1817 to 1819 .
It was the result of an attempt by the state legislature to make Dartmouth College , a private college , into a public university which never ended up happening .
Not to be confused with Dartmouth College .
Koji Hirose -LRB- born 13 March 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tochigi .
Hull was inducted in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1983 .
Hull was known for his blonde hair , blinding skating speed , and having the fastest shot in the game which also earned him the nickname , `` the Golden Jet '' .
Hull is highly regarded as one of the greatest ice hockey players of all time and perhaps the greatest left winger to ever play the game of hockey .
Robert Marvin `` Bobby '' Hull , OC -LRB- born January 3 , 1939 in Pointe Anne , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian ice hockey left winger .
A diminutive is a formation of a word used to express smallness of the object or quality that is meant with the word the diminutive is formed from .
Terms such as `` undies '' for underwear and `` movie '' for `` moving picture '' are frequently heard terms in English .
Diminutives are common in most dialects of English .
Kimmei had six wives and 25 Imperial children -LRB- 16 sons and 9 daughters -RRB- .
Emperor Kimmei -LRB- æ 1\/2 æ å ç Kinmei-tenn Å -RRB- -LRB- 509-571 CE -RRB- was the 29th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
He was the third son ; and his older brother was Emperor Senka .
Emperor Kimmei 's father was Emperor Keitai and his mother was Emperor Ninken 's daughter , Princess Tashiraka .
Each X-wing model was built around a hollow core to hold parts for effects such as lighting .
The X-wing was first made for the movie Star Wars : A New Hope by Industrial Light & Magic -LRB- ILM -RRB- . Joe Johnston drew and Colin Cantwell made models that became the final X-wing fighter in Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
The crew also made a full-size X-wing cockpit that was used for all actors ; the astromech droid behind each actor was changed for each starfighter .
ILM made miniatures in different sizes , with wing markings showing which prop was for each pilot .
Besides the models , the crew made one full-size X-wing for scenes in the Rebels ' Yavin IV base hangar ; they used editing and cardboard cutouts to make it seem as if there are dozens of fighters .
Mauro ZÃ rate -LRB- born March 18 1987 in Buenos Aires , Argentina -RRB- is a Argentine football player -LRB- footballer -RRB- . He plays for Lazio .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts , to the Rev. Samuel Dexter , the 4th minister of Dedham , he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln , Sr. , the future Attorney General of the United States .
After he passed the bar in 1784 , he began practicing in Lunenburg , Massachusetts .
Samuel Dexter -LRB- May 14 , 1761 â `` May 4 , 1816 -RRB- was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet .
An example is some of the names of the days of the week . The days were named after Roman gods in Latin -LRB- named after Sun , Moon , Mars , Mercury , Jupiter , Venus , Saturn -RRB- .
The Germanic gods have affected elements of every day western life in most countries that speak Germanic languages .
There are also several runestones and image stones that show scenes from Norse mythology , such as Thor 's fishing trip and Odin being devoured by Fenrir .
Longuefuye is a commune of 274 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
`` What I 've Done '' is a song by the American rock band Linkin Park , and the first single from their third studio album , Minutes to Midnight .
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Most values are case-insensitive -LRB- `` LIVING '' or `` LiVinG '' work the same -RRB- , except when it matters -LRB- such as century names -RRB- .
As with the original , the embedded magic word DEFAULTSORT also applies to all categories listed below the template .
The template provides a local sandbox and testcases for developing and testing changes -LRB- see documentation 's hatnote -RRB- .
If you want to substitute it , use the following syntax :
' is for automatically generating all category tags related to birth and death years , including living people and missing or unknown values .
The general DEFAULTSORT can be embedded as well .
Other cases are handled with options , see below .
For each option , the default value is displayed in bold and automatically assumed if the field is left blank .
Please note that MISSING and UNKNOWN result in Categories that are not displayed on the page .
This template supports optional substitution .
Often , editors accused of ownership may not know what they are doing .
Others may try to be share their own view , which is against the NPOV policy .
If you do not want your ideas -LRB- for articles , categorization , style , standards , or anything else -RRB- to be changed by others , do not submit them .
Some editors may think they are protecting the article from vandalism .
He is best known for his opera Carmen which is the best-known of all French operas .
Georges Bizet was a famous French composer of the Romantic period .
That Darn Cat is a film starring Christina Ricci and a cat .
Hauptwil-Gottshaus is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
It borders Russia to the north and the People 's Republic of China to the south , east and west .
Mongolia is a landlocked country in East Asia and Central Asia .
During the collapse of the Qing Dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia declared independence , but had to struggle with the Soviet Union 's help , until 1921 before the world accepted its independence .
The area which is Mongolia has been ruled by various nomadic empires until the great ` Mongol Empire ' was founded by Genghis Khan in 1206 .
After the 16th century , Mongolia came under the influence of Tibetan Buddhism and by the end of the 17th century , most of Mongolia had been incorporated into the area ruled by the Qing Dynasty .
After the collapse of the Yuan Dynasty , the Mongols returned to their earlier nomadic lifestyle .
Mongolia 's political system is a parliamentary republic .
Sapot won the role as `` Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider in 2000 .
Jakten pÃ Billie Jo was a Swedish reality show . It was first broadcast on August 4 , 2000 .
The winner was Alexandra Sapot who came to play the villain `` Billie Jo '' .
The show followed three American actresses who auditioned for the role as `` Billie Jo '' in the Swedish soap opera Nya tider .
The winner was decided by partly Swedish viewers televotes and the production company Jarowskij .
Severance Hospital had a medical school called Gwanghyewon which started in 1885 . So Yonsei University says it started in 1885 .
Yonsei University is one of the top three universities in South Korea . It is private and one of the oldest universities in Korea .
Aninoasa is a commune of Gorj County in Romania .
Paulo SÃ rgio Silvestre do Nascimento -LRB- born , 19 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Green Park tube station is a London Underground station located on the north side of Green Park , close to the intersection of Piccadilly and the pedestrian Queen 's Walk .
London Buses routes 8 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 22 and 38 serve the station .
The station is served by the Piccadilly line , between Piccadilly Circus and Hyde Park Corner , the Victoria line , between Victoria and Oxford Circus , and the Jubilee line , between Bond Street and Westminster .
It is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
An elective monarchy can sometimes seem to be a hereditary monarch .
Hereditary monarchies most usually arrange the succession by a law that creates an order of succession . This way , it is known beforehand who will be the next monarch .
When that child dies , the crown will be then passed to his or her child , or , if he or she has no child , to a sister , brother , niece , nephew , cousin , or some other relative .
In a hereditary monarchy , all the monarchs come from the same family , and the crown is passed down from one member of the family to another .
It is the most common sort of monarchy , and is the form used by almost all of the world 's monarchies today .
When the king or queen of a hereditary monarchy dies or quits the throne -LRB- abdicates -RRB- , the crown is generally passed to one of his or her children , often to the oldest .
Nowadays , the order of succession in hereditary monarchies is often based on the idea of primogeniture -LRB- oldest born -RRB- , but there have been other methods that were much more common in the past .
The ideal gas law is the equation of a possible ideal gas , first made by BenoÃ t Paul Ã mile Clapeyron in 1834 .
where is the absolute pressure of the gas , is the volume of the gas , is the number of moles of gas , is the universal gas constant , is the absolute temperature .
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane -LRB- 1854-1908 -RRB- was an administrator in British India .
Deane served as the first Political Agent of the Malakand in 1895 and also as the first Chief Commissioner of the North-West Frontier Province when the province was created on 9th November 1901 .
Its capital is Jefferson City .
Missouri 's edges touch a total of eight states . It is touched on the north by Iowa ; on the east , across the Mississippi River , by Illinois , Kentucky , and Tennessee ; on the south by Arkansas ; and on the west by Oklahoma , Kansas , and Nebraska -LRB- Kansas and Nebraska are across the Missouri River -RRB- .
It is touched on the north by Iowa ; on the east , across the Mississippi River , by Illinois , Kentucky , and Tennessee ; on the south by Arkansas ; and on the west by Oklahoma , Kansas , and Nebraska -LRB- Kansas and Nebraska are across the Missouri River -RRB- .
Its largest cities are Kansas City and Saint Louis . Some other cities are Columbia -LRB- which is where the University of Missouri is -RRB- , and Springfield .
Asuka Tateishi -LRB- born 9 June 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
There are 706 communes in the Calvados dÃ partement in France .
Cadillac , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Markus Rosenberg -LRB- born 27 September 1982 -RRB- is a Swedish football player .
Scottsburg , Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States .
The Volcano Rabbit -LRB- also known as teporingo or zacatuche -RRB- is a small rabbit native to Mexico .
Kallern is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Charles the Bald -LRB- 13 June 823 - 6 October 877 -RRB- was King Charles II of France -LRB- 843-877 -RRB- and also Charles II of the Holy Roman Empire -LRB- 875-877 -RRB- and King of West Francia -LRB- 840-877 -RRB- .
The Advisory Board is an international network of experts who have agreed to give the foundation meaningful help on a regular basis in many different areas , including law , organizational development , technology , policy , and outreach .
These projects include Wikipedia , Wiktionary , Wikiquote , Wikisource , Wikinews , Wikibooks , Wikiversity , Wikimedia Commons , and Meta-Wiki .
MaiziÃ res-la-Grande-Paroisse is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
There are 12 species and 5 subspecies .
Bungarus is a genus of elapid snakes . They are commonly known as kraits .
Dubbed as The greatest free light show on earth , they are 6 miles -LRB- 10 km -RRB- long and use over one million bulbs .
It was founded in 1879 and first switched on 18 September that year . It is held each autumn in the English seaside resort of Blackpool on the Fylde Coast in Lancashire .
Also known locally as The Lights or The Illuminations , they run each year for sixty six days , from late August until early November at a time when most other English seaside resorts ' seasons are coming to an end .
The clavicle is a long bone that is part of the shoulder .
The clavicle is made from sponge-like bone , called cancellous bone , and is covered with a hard shell of bone .
The pound got its name because it was the value of one pound -LRB- weight -RRB- of `` sterling silver '' .
The notes are Â # 5 , Â # 10 .
This is why it is called `` pound sterling '' .
They are called the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .
There are two universities in Dundee . They are called the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .
On April 15 , 2009 , he was drafted to the ECW brand as part of the 2009 WWE Draft , breaking up the team of himself and Kendrick .
In late 2008 he began to team with Kendrick against WWE Tag Team Champions The ColÃ ns -LRB- Carlit and Primo -RRB- , they proved unsuccessful in getting the titles .
On August 18 he formed an alliance with William Regal and Vladimir Kozlov by betraying the ECW Champion Christian during a tag team match in which he teamed with Christian .
A month later on August 8 , his name was altered slightly to Ezekiel Jackson and was revealed to be Kendrick 's `` advisor '' .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- where he currently competes on the SmackDown Brand under the ring name Ezekiel Jackson .
On May 6 , 2008 he had his last match in FCW before being called up to the main WWE Roster on the SmackDown Brand On July 18 , 2008 , Stephens debuted on SmackDown as The Brian Kendrick 's bodyguard under the ring name Ezekiel .
He made his first ECW appearance on July 9 , 2009 by defeating Jack Meridol .
Rycklon Stephens -LRB- born April 22 , 1978 -RRB- is an American bodybuilder and professional wrestler .
On the October 17 , 2008 he made his in-ring debut by beating Super Crazy , replacing a supposedly `` sick '' , Kendrick .
On February 8 , 2008 he competed with tag team partner Bryan Kelly in a tournament to face WWE Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz .
At the 2000 census the population was 4,024 .
Brent is a city in Bibb County , Alabama , United States .
Miami is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
It is the county seat of Ottawa County .
Breaza is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Porto Alegre is a Brazilian city , capital of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Reto Ziegler -LRB- born 16 January 1986 -RRB- is a Swiss football player . He plays for Sampdoria and Switzerland national team .
Louis I of Holland -LRB- Lodewijk Napoleon in Dutch -RRB- -LRB- 1779-1884 -RRB- , was the youngre brother of Napoleon Bonaparte , who made him King of the Kingdom of Holland in 1806 .
After the death of his elder brother Joseph in 1844 , Louis was seen by Bonapartists as the rightful Emperor of the French , although he took little action himself to advance the claim .
Thanks to Napoleon , he was a general by the age of 25 , although he himself felt that he had risen too far in too short a time .
He took his duties as king seriously , calling himself Koning Lodewijk I -LRB- adopting the Dutch form of his name -RRB- He practiced to speak Dutch language and trying hard to be a responsible , independent ruler of Holland .
Napoleon finally removed Louis to the Dutch throne and take over the entire Kingdom of Holland on July i , 1810 .
Upon his return to France , he was involved in Napoleon 's plot to overthrow the Directory .
His attempt at speaking the language earned him some respect from his subjects .
Napoleon made him king of Holland on June 5 1806 .
Two major tragedies occurred during his reign : the explosion of a ship filled with gunpowder in the heart of the city of Leiden in 1807 , and a major flood in 1809 .
His son and heir , Charles Louis-Napoleon Bonaparte , on the other hand , was at that time imprisoned in France for having tried to engineer a Bonapartist coup d' Ã tat .
After becoming first consul , Napoleon arranged a marriage for Louis to Hortense de Beauharnais , the daughter of Empress Josephine and Napoleon 's stepdaughter .
Hortense , who was opposed to the marriage , was convinced by her mother to marry Louis for the sake of the family .
His early career was spent in the army and he served with Napoleon in Egypt .
Napoleon then suggested that Louis should abdicate but his brother refused .
In both instances , Louis personally and effectively oversaw local relief efforts , which helped earn him the nickname of Louis the Good .
It is located about 15 km southeast of Aue , and 35 km southwest of Chemnitz .
These questions affect ethics , politics and theology .
Human nature refers to the characteristics of mankind . This includes ways of thinking , feeling and acting , that humans tend to have naturally .
The complex implications of such questions are also dealt with in art and literature , while the humanities inquire into human nature , and what it means to be human .
Aristotle , Plato 's most famous student , made some of the most famous and influential statements about human nature .
For Aristotle , reason is what is most special about humanity compared to other animals , and is what we achieve at our best .
What these characteristics are , what causes them and how fixed human nature is , are good questions . They among the oldest and most important questions in western philosophy .
Much of Aristotle 's description of human nature is still influential today , but the particular teleological idea that humans are `` meant '' or intended to be something , has become much less popular in modern times .
Actually , anything that somehow produces sound can be considered a musical instrument , but the terms generally means items that are specifically for making music .
The light produced by a laser is often a thin , long beam of light .
Also , Lasers are being developed as weapons .
A laser light is made of waves all lined up . Laser light stays in a straight , concentrated beam .
Sometimes a person realizes during a dream that they are dreaming , but keeps having the dream .
Shenandoah Valley Academy -LRB- SVA -RRB- is a school in the town of New Market in Virginia .
SVA has three diploma programs which students can take part in .
He has written for Robot Magazine , H + Magazine , Space and Time Magazine , and the online science fiction magazine Jim Baen 's Universe .
He was born in Orangeburg , South Carolina . Cobb spent his childhood in Forest Park , Illinois -LRB- a suburb of Chicago -RRB- .
Yasuhiro Nagahashi -LRB- born 2 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer -LRB- May 21 , 1960 -- November 28 , 1994 -RRB- was an American serial killer .
On September 11 , 1881 , an avalanche caused by too much mining of slate killed 114 people and buried 83 structures in the municipality .
Russian General Alexander Suvarov and his troops stayed the night in Elm before crossing Panix Pass to Pigniu on their retreat into Austria .
Elm is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
On 7 May 1945 , DÃ nitz allowed the German Army to surrender at Rheims before General Eisenhower .
The government was dissolved when its members were captured by British forces on 23 May 1945 , at Flensburg .
Schwerin von Krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment but was released during an amnesty in 1951 .
He became a Lieutenant in the German Army during World War I , and he won the Iron Cross .
On 1 May 1945 , Schwerin von Krosigk was asked to be the Chancellor -LRB- Reichskanzler -RRB- of the Acting Government by new President -LRB- ReichsprÃ sident -RRB- Karl DÃ nitz .
Johann Ludwig von Krosigk was born in Rathmannsdorf , in the Kingdom of Saxony . His father was from a noble family in Anhalt , his mother was a daughter of one of the Counts -LRB- `` Graf '' -RRB- von Schwerin .
He studied law and politics in Halle , in Lausanne and , as a Rhodes Scholar , at the University of Oxford .
Winston Churchill recognized the Flensburg Government de facto because he said the surrender was allowed by `` Grand Admiral DÃ nitz the designated Head of State '' .
In 1918 , Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg . They had four sons and five daughters .
Schwerin von Krosigk was tried at Ministries Trial at Nuremberg along with other leading members of the Nazi Government .
Schwerin von Krosigkut was a conservative , but not a member of any political party when was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932 . President Paul von Hindenburg asked him to stay in office under Kurt von Schleicher .
In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books about economics policy and two versions of his memoirs .
Marty Wright is also known as the Boogeyman in the WWE .
The Hakkas have had an important influence on Chinese and overseas Chinese history : in particular , they have been a source of revolutionary , political and military leaders .
The Hakka people -LRB- Hakka language : Hak-k Ã cents ; Mandarin Chinese : KÃ jiÄ -RRB- are a subgroup of the Han Chinese people . They live mainly in the provinces of Guangdong , Jiangxi and Fujian in China and speak the Hakka language .
Wadesboro is a town in Anson County , North Carolina , United States .
The population was 3,552 people as of the year 2000 .
It is the county seat of Anson County .
A hobby is a leisure activity that people do for fun or recreation .
The logo was designed based on his concept by Andreas Kwiatkowski , an open source enthusiast and a friend of his .
It supports many high-quality audio and video codecs .
Ekiga supports both the SIP and H. 323 -LRB- based on OpenH323 -RRB- protocols and is fully interoperable with any other SIP compliant application and with Microsoft NetMeeting .
Ekiga was initially made by Damien Sandras in order to graduate from the UniversitÃ catholique de Louvain .
It is currently developed by a community-based team led by Sandras .
Ekiga -LRB- formerly called GnomeMeeting -RRB- is a free and open source VoIP and video conferencing computer application for GNOME and Windows .
The St. Anthony-Chapel is a chapel in the district KornelimÃ 1\/4 nster of the German city of Aachen .
The abbot of the abbey at KornelimÃ 1\/4 nster ordered to rebuild the damaged building .
The St. Anthony-Chapel belongs to a group of five chapels of KornelimÃ 1\/4 nster .
It was built in 1718 but destroyed by an earthquake a short time later .
`` Let 's Go All the Way ' '' is a 1986 Dance-pop\/New Wave song by the American pop band Sly Fox and is the first single from their only album Let 's Go All the Way , which was released in 1985 .
Sadiqabad is a subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Rahimyar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
It is administratively subdivided into 29 Union Councils , six of which form the tehsil capital Sadiqabad
Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney is a video game for the Nintendo DS . It is a remake of a Japanese -LRB- from Japan -RRB- video game for the GBA -LRB- Game Boy Advance -RRB- called Gyakuten Saiban .
Balliol College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford in England . It was founded in 1263 by John Balliol , father of King John Balliol of Scotland .
DedÃ -LRB- born 18 April 1978 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for Borussia Dortmund .
Satoshi Tezuka -LRB- born 4 September 1958 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Barahona is a Dominican province ; it is located in the southwestern part of the country .
Barthold read in Dutch , German , English , and French .
Later she left him .
Although he had no children of his own , Barthold Fles wrote two books for kids : Slavonic rhapsody : the life of AntonÃ n DvoÅ Ã k -LRB- in 1948 -RRB- and East Germany -LRB- in 1973 -RRB- .
Barthold Fles was born in Amsterdam on February 7 , 1902 . His family was Jewish but did not keep Jewish laws .
He died on December 19 , 1989 at the age of 87 .
One of these books , Bambi 's Children by Felix Salten , was also a book for children .
Ruth helped Barthold with his work .
He also wrote many articles and introductions to story collections . He translated three books from German to English .
In 1923 he left for the United States .
In 1936 Barthold married Ruth GrÃ 1\/4 nwald , a dancer at the Metropolitan Opera who had been just one year in the United States .
There are many types of magma . One is called felsic magma .
There are many types of magma .
Bob 's Full House was a popular quiz program hosted by Bob Monkhouse which was based on the popular game ` Bingo ' and aired on BBC1 from 1 September , 1984 until 27 January , 1990 .
Pica is a city in Chile , located in the Province of Tamarugal , TarapacÃ .
It is located in an oasis in the middle of the Atacama Desert . Pica is famous for its small and unusually acidic lemons .
Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko -LRB- girl .
Dijon is a big city in France . Dijon is the capital city in the province Burgundy .
Saint Benignus -LRB- Saint Kelly -RRB- , the city 's patron saint , is said to have spread Christianity to the area before being killed .
Dijon is the capital city in the province Burgundy .
It was home to the Dukes of Burgundy from the early 11th century until the late 1400 's and was a place of great wealth and power and one of the great European centers of art , learning and science .
Dijon is a big city in France .
Dijon began as a Roman settlement called Divio .
New members for each organization are elected annually by current members , based on their distinguished and continuing achievements in original research .
The NRC is called the `` working arm '' of the Academies , which serves to collect , analyze , and share information through studies and reports .
The NAS , NAE , and IOM are honorary membership organizations , with a total membership of over 6,000 scientists , engineers , and health professionals .
The National Academies produce independent recommendations and policy reports by enlisting top scientists , engineers , health professionals , and other experts -LRB- not limited to those in Academies membership -RRB- to address important scientific and technical problems .
The external sponsors have no control over the conduct or results of a study , once the statement of task and budget are finalized .
The National Academies do not perform original research ; rather they provide independent advice .
serve collectively as the scientific national academy for the United States .
Federal agencies are the primary financial sponsors of the Academies ' work ; additional studies are funded by state agencies , foundations , other private sponsors , and the National Academies endowment .
The population is 720 people as of 2000 .
Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
Jun Tamano -LRB- born 19 June 1984 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Social studies is a little different than social science , though many of the social sciences are covered in social studies .
Social studies is the name of a course or set of courses taught in primary and secondary schools or elementary , middle , and high schools , but is also sometimes the study of parts of human society at tertiary education schools around the world .
At primary school , social studies is usually about the local community and family .
An object with a higher average density than the fluid has less buoyancy than weight and it will sink .
The net upward buoyancy force is equal to the magnitude of the weight of fluid that is displaced by the body . This force enables the object to float or at least to seem lighter .
A ship floats because although it is made of steel which is more dense than water , it encloses a volume of air and the resulting shape has an average density less than that of the water .
He has played for Brazil national team .
TeÃ philo Bettencourt Pereira -LRB- born 9 August , 1906 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
He was the son of Henry VIII of England and Jane Seymour , mostly known as the good king , one of few , compared with his sisters who became queens after his death .
Edward VI of England -LRB- 12 October 1537 â `` 6 July 1553 -RRB- was King of England and King of Ireland from 28 January 1547 until his death .
Tommy Roe -LRB- born May 9 , 1942 -RRB- was a popular singer in the 1960s .
Chulalongkorn University -LRB- Thai : à à à à à à à à # à `` à à à `` à à à à -- à cents à à à à cents -RRB- is the oldest university in Thailand .
The park has been a protected area since 1910 , first under the care of the Maharaja of Kashmir and Jammu and later under the observation of the concerned government authorities .
It was initially created to ensure a clean drinking water supply for the city of Srinagar .
The name of the park literally stands for `` ten villages '' which could be in memory of the ten villages that were relocated for its formation .
Dachigam National Park is located 22 kilometers from Srinagar , the capital city of Indian Occupied Kashmir within the Republic of India .
It was finally upgraded and declared a National Park in 1981 .
It covers an area of 141 square kilometers .
EliÃ zio Santos Santana -LRB- born 31 March 1987 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Association football is the official name of the sport governed by the International Federation of Association football -LRB- FIFA -RRB- .
In other parts of the world , it is known simply as `` football '' .
For information about all sports known as football , see football .
For more information on the sport , see association football .
It is known in some parts of the world as `` soccer '' .
Chauchigny is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
A hydrogen bond is a special type of dipole-dipole bond that exists between an electronegative atom and a hydrogen atom bonded to another electronegative atom .
This type of bond always involves a hydrogen atom .
Hydrogen bonds can occur between molecules -LRB- intermolecularly -RRB- , or within different parts of a single molecule -LRB- intramolecularly -RRB- .
Intermolecular hydrogen bonding is responsible for the high boiling point of water -LRB- 100 Â C -RRB- .
The typical hydrogen bond is stronger than van der Waals forces , but weaker than covalent , ionic and metallic bonds .
It has 10 easy , 21 intermediate , and 13 expert trails .
Along with five lifts which service 1150 f of vertical drop .
Crises are labeled to be negative or bad changes in the security , economic , political , societal or environmental issues , especially when they happen unexpectedly -LRB- with little or no warning -RRB- .
A crisis -LRB- plural : crises -RRB- , coming from the Greek Î Ï Î Ï Î Ï -LRB- krisis -RRB- is any event that is , or expected to lead to , a dangerous or consequential situation affecting one person , an entire group , community or whole society .
An industry term is a type of technical terminology that has a particular meaning within a specific industry .
The phrase industry term implies that a word or phrase is a typical one within a particular industry or business and people within the industry or business will be familiar with and use the term .
The term jargon can , and often does , have pejorative -LRB- negative -RRB- connotations , particularly when aimed at `` business culture '' .
These terms have specific definitions within the field , which is not necessarily the same as their meaning in common use .
Technical terminology is the specialized vocabulary of a field .
The marketing and public relations industries in particular have expanded the vocabulary of jargon that marks the global business environment .
Jargon is similar , but more informal in definition and use , while legal terms of art or words of art have meanings that are strictly defined by law .
Kazunari Hosaka -LRB- born 24 March 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Ventforet Kofu .
Then , they tried to climb up and get into the match .
On the July 19 episode of Raw the Nexus continued their attacks on the Raw roster by first attacking Edge and then Chris Jericho .
Later on in the show Barrett beat Mark Henry .
During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view , the Nexus interfered in the main event for the WWE Championship , attacking all the wrestlers involved .
Sheamus used the interference to win the championship from John Cena .
After that , Barrett and The Nexus asked Cena to join them .
Cena revealed his team one by one ; the members were Edge , John Morrison , R-Truth , The Great Khali , Chris Jericho and Bret Hart .
Barrett said that this group was going to form no matter who won the competition , stating that the seven of them had formed a `` Nexus '' and had a common goal they all fought to have accomplished .
At SummerSlam , the Nexus were defeated by Team WWE , who had Daniel Bryan , who joined Team WWE as a surprise member -LRB- after Nexus had -LRB- kayfabe -RRB- injured Khali , taking him out of the match -RRB- and eliminated both Young and Slater .
The Nexus is a professional wrestling stable that compete on the Raw brand .
Bret Hart said no , and he also fired Barrett .
However , even after apologizing for their actions , the Nexus continued their attacks , including one on McMahon who tried to take credit for the Nexus ' actions .
Cena refused and said that he would take them all down at SummerSlam , and that he had found some help to do it .
At Money in the Bank pay-per-view , the Nexus tried to get involved in the WWE Championship match involving Sheamus and John Cena in a steel cage by breaking the door .
However , the referees threw away the key and the tool that Tarver tried to use to break in .
Afterwards , Cena began beating up Tarver and Young and then took Tarver 's Nexus armband .
However , Sheamus and Cena were able to hold them off and escape , with Sheamus winning .
All members of the Nexus , except for Darren Young , won their matches that night . Because of this , Young was thrown out of Nexus .
Kristy Swanson -LRB- born Renee Kristen Swanson on December 19 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress . She is best known for playing the title character in the movie Buffy the Vampire Slayer and has also starred in the film Flowers in the Attic .
After the First World War Congress reorganized the U.S. land forces . The National Defense Act of 4 June 1920 authorized a Regular Army , a National Guard , and an Organized Reserve -LRB- Officers Reserve Corps and Enlisted Reserve Corps -RRB- of unrestricted size .
The United States Army Reserve is the reserve force of the United States Army .
The Organized Reserve later became the Army Reserve .
The reserve forces of the US Army are made of the US Army reserve and the Army National Guard .
The Army Reserve was formed in 1908 to provide a reserve of medical officers to the Army .
Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Luigi Radice -LRB- born 15 January , 1935 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Davina Lucy Pascale McCall -LRB- born 16 October 1967 -RRB- is an English television presenter .
Then the contestant would choose one of those answers or make up their own .
Their top 3 answers to the question -LRB- e.g. Road ___ -RRB- would be worth -LRB- 3rd most popular -RRB- $ 100 , -LRB- 2nd most popular -RRB- $ 250 , and -LRB- most popular -RRB- $ 500 .
He plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Kunimitsu Sekiguchi -LRB- born 26 December 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Many Servants of God later go on to be declared venerable , then to be beatified and canonized , but this list only includes those who have not -LRB- yet -RRB- done so .
Roman Catholics declared a Servant of God .
Ascona is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis .
Therefore it is also called a rotoinversion or rotary inversion .
An improper rotation can be understood as an inversion followed by a proper rotation .
Egypt national football team is the national football team of Egypt .
The Dominican city of San Juan de la Maguana , or simply San Juan , is the head municipality of the San Juan province , on the west of the country .
All users requesting to usurp a username must leave ~ ~ ~ ~ on the talk page of the username being usurped .
The user requesting this usurpation did not leave a message for the user who is being usurped .
The police shot Ben Hall dead near Forbes on May 5 , 1865 .
John Gilbert -LRB- 1842 â `` 1865 -RRB- was a famous Australian bushranger .
On May 13 , 1865 Gilbert and Dunn went to hide at John Kelly 's -LRB- Dunn 's grandfather -RRB- house .
Its main developers include Adam Smith , Jean-Baptiste Say , David Ricardo , Thomas Malthus and John Stuart Mill .
Classical economics is the first modern school of economic thought .
George Raymond Richard Martin -LRB- September 20 , 1948 -RRB- , is an American writer of fantasy , horror , and science fiction .
He is best known for his A Song of Ice and Fire series .
Ã pieds is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The majority of people in prison here are political prisoners . Some of them were participants in the Chinese democracy movement and Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
The prison is located at the eastern foothill of Yanshan , facing the North China Plain in the east , north and south .
Other inmates included many communist cadres who were criticized during the Cultural Revolution , such as Bo Yibo , Peng Zhen , Israel Epstein , Sidney Rittenberg and David Crook .
The plain is where Qincheng Farm -LRB- ç å å å -RRB- is located , which is part of the prison .
Qincheng Prison -LRB- ç å ç ` ç -RRB- is a maximum-security prison located in the Changping District northwest of Beijing in the People 's Republic of China .
The prison was built in 1958 with aid from the Soviet Union and it is the only prison belonging to the Ministry of Public Security .
Famous inmates include Jiang Qing , Bao Tong , Dai Qing , as well as Tibetans such as Choekyi Gyaltsen , the 10th Panchen Lama , and Phuntsok Wangyal .
The American black bear -LRB- scientific name Ursus americanus -RRB- is North America 's smallest and most common species of bear .
The American black bear is listed by the IUCN as Least Concern , because the species has a large global population estimated to be twice that of all other bear species combined .
Black bears usually live in forested areas , but do leave forests in search of food .
Chavagnes-en-Paillers is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Masatoshi Mihara -LRB- born 2 August 1988 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vissel Kobe .
Sassari is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Sainte-Hermine is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
jpg thumb -LRB- 897x905 -RRB- px right ExposÃ -RRB- -RRB- ExposÃ is a pop-rock group which got started in 1984 .
The group consist of Ann Curless , Jeanette Jurado and Gioia Bruno . They achieved success in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Vailly-sur-Aisne is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is at the mouth of the Gascoyne River on the Indian Ocean .
Temperatures range from an average maximum of 33 Â C in February to 22 Â C in July .
During the 1960s , NASA set up the Carnarvon Tracking Station to support the Gemini and Apollo space program .
Average yearly rainfall is 226 m with the rainiest months being in May and June .
These schools are : St Mary 's Star of the Sea Catholic School which was built in 1906 , Carnarvon Senior High School , East Carnarvon Primary School , Carnarvon Primary School , Carnarvon Christian School and Carnarvon School of the Air .
Carnarvon is a coastal town about 900 kilometres north of Perth , Western Australia .
The town began in 1883 , as a port and supply center for the surrounding region . It is the administrative center for the Shire of Carnarvon , the town site was officially listed on 4 June 1891 .
Only the foundations of this historical site remain .
The popular Shark Bay World Heritage Site lies to the south of the town .
On 20 May 1988 , the bulk carrier Korean Star ran aground in bad weather near Cape Cuvier , within the port limits of Carnarvon .
The ship was left grounded , however very little of the wreck remains to be seen .
Carnarvon has had three tramways .
Average minimums are 23 Â C and 11 Â C respectively .
Damage was limited to 10 km of remote beaches and coastline .
Around 600 tonnes of fuel oil were spilled into the ocean .
Radio Australia had a shortwave relay station -LRB- built during the 1970s -RRB- that used to relay programming to Europe , South Asia and South East Asia .
Carnarvon has a warm to hot dry climate .
There are five schools in the town , three government-run and two independent .
In 2006 there were 5,283 people living in Carnarvon .
The tracking station was closed in the mid 1970s .
Occasionally tropical cyclones will influence Carnarvon and bring very heavy rain , high tempretures and strong winds . Apart from possible cyclones , summers are usually dry .
It was named after Henry Herbert , 4th Earl of Carnarvon , Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies .
Downham Market is a town and civil parish in Norfolk , England .
Fela Anikulapo Kuti -LRB- 15 October 1938 â `` 2 August 1997 -RRB- , or just Fela , was a Nigerian musician and composer who was very important in a genre called afrobeat .
A Day at the Races is a Queen album from 1976 .
AIESEC is an organization that helps its members to develop themselves .
Most members are students at university but some are paid to work for AIESEC .
The headquarters of AIESEC are located at Rotterdam .
It is near Bali 's Ngurah Rai Airport .
It was one of the first towns on Bali to become popular with tourists . It is one of Indonesia 's major tourist destinations .
Kuta is a town in southern Bali , Indonesia .
It has a long sandy beach , and many restaurants and bars .
Saint-Blaise , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
ATOC is an unincorporated association whose membership consists of the passenger train companies of Great Britain which now run the passenger services previously provided by the British Railways Board -LRB- from 1965 the Board used the title British Rail -RRB- .
National Rail is a title used by the Association of Train Operating Companies .
Rye House railway station is in Hoddesdon in Hertfordshire , England .
The typical off-peak service from the station is two trains per hour to London Liverpool Street via Tottenham Hale , and two trains per hour to Hertford East .
It is on the Hertford East branch of the West Anglia Main Line , and train services are provided by National Express East Anglia .
Some think that Wikipedia is a great example of `` Web 2.0 '' . Web 2.0 is mostly about user-generated and interactive content .
To people who use the Internet , wikis and blogs are Web 2.0 . Some think that Wikipedia is a great example of `` Web 2.0 '' .
Before Web 2.0 , internet users could just read information on the web page . With Web 2.0 , users can interact with the site and add information .
On August 15 , a tropical storm watch was given to the islands of St. Maarten , Saba , St. Eustatius , Antigua , Barbuda , the British Virgin Islands , Montserrat , St. Kitts and Nevis , Anguilla , and the United States Virgin Islands .
Later on August 17 , Puerto Rico , Dominica , Guadeloupe , St. Martin , and St. Barthelemy were also put on tropical storm watch .
Between August 15 and 17 , the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC -RRB- gave out tropical storm watches to some Caribbean islands like the Lesser Antilles , Puerto Rico , and the Dominican Republic .
People also reported tornadoes and waterspouts created by Ana in Puerto Rico .
Some streets had to be shut down because of the flooding .
Tropical Storm Ana was the first tropical storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season . It was also the first tropical cyclone to affect the Caribbean during 2009 .
About 6,000 people lost electricity from the storm . Tree branches broke down power lines .
In St. Thomas , wind speeds from Ana were recorded at 28 mph -LRB- 45 km\/h -RRB- and gusts peaked at 40 mph -LRB- 65 km\/h -RRB- .
Ana later reformed and became a tropical storm on August 15 before wind shear tore apart the storm again .
Italy national football team is the national football team of Italy .
Murs-et-G Ã lignieux is a commune .
MediaCorp TV -LRB- Also known as MediaCorp TV Pte Ltd -RRB- has a total of 7 channels under it .
Gabriela Mistral -LRB- 7 April 1889 -- 10 January 1957 -RRB- was a Chilean educator , poet , diplomat , and feminist . In 1945 , she received the Nobel Prize in Literature .
Richard Widmark -LRB- December 26 , 1914 -- March 24 , 2008 -RRB- was a well known American actor of movies , stage , radio and television .
A bleacher is used to seat people watching sports events .
In 1984 Ritchie Blackmore joins former members of Deep Purple Gillan , Glover , Lord and Paice and they recorded Perfect Strangers , the disc brought many successes that would later become classic Deep Purple as `` Knocking at Your Back Door '' and `` Perfect Strangers '' .
Ritchie Blackmore born April 14 , 1945 , in England , is a Hard Rock guitarist former member and founder of British band Deep Purple .
In 1975 Ritchie Blackmore founded the band The Rainbow , with Ronnie James Dio vocals , Craig Gruber in bass , Micky Lee Soule in keyboards , and Gary Driscoll in drums . The band 's album debut was Ritchie Blackmore 's Rainbow released August 4 , 1975 , followed by Long Live Rock 'n' Roll , released 9 April 1978 , with Cozy Powell in drums .
Before 9th century Mashhad was a small village but after Al-Ma ` mun the Abbasid caliph killed Ali ar-Ridha -LRB- Imam of Shi ` a Muslims -RRB- Mashhad returned to a famous town , in the time of Safavid dynasty Shah Ismail I -LRB- 1501 -RRB- made Mashhad to an important city until Nader Shah the Napoleon of Persia choosed it for his Empire capital and after that Mashhad was one of important cities of iran until now .
The final and most significant stage of this liberation was the development of oxygen-producing photosynthesis , since the main chemical inputs for this are carbon dioxide and water .
In moist conditions mats are usually held together by slimy substances secreted by the micro-organisms .118 ; 1671-7 Some of the micro-organisms form tangled webs of filaments which make the mat tougher .
Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution , when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers , poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there .
Although usually only a few centimetres thick , microbial mats create a wide range of internal chemical environments . They consist of layers of microorganisms that can feed on or tolerate the chemicals at their level .
Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution , when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers , poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there . Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas , they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible , including rocky seabeds and shores , hyper-saline and brackish lagoons , and are found on the floors of the deep oceans .
Originally they may have depended on hydrothermal vents for energy and chemical `` food '' . The development of photosynthesis gradually liberated them from the ` hydrothermal ghetto ' by proving a more widely-available energy source , sunlight , although initially the photosynthesizing mats still depended on the diffusion of chemicals emitted by hydrothermal vents .
They colonize environments ranging in temperature from â `` 40 Â C to +120 Â C. A few are endosymbionts of animals .
As a result microbial mats began to produce the atmosphere we know today , in which free oxygen is a vital component .
Because of microbial mats ' ability to use almost anything as nutrients , there is considerable interest in industrial uses of mats , especially for water treatment and for cleaning up pollution .
The best known physical forms are flat mats and stubby pillars called stromatolites , but there are also spherical forms .
Microbial mats grow mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts .
At around the same time they may also have been the birthplace of the more complex eukaryote type of cell , of which all multicellular organisms are composed .
Microbial mats grow mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts . They colonize environments ranging in temperature from â `` 40 Â C to +120 Â C. A few are endosymbionts of animals .
Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas , they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible , including rocky seabeds and shores , hyper-saline and brackish lagoons , and are found on the floors of the deep oceans .
Amharic is also the official or working language of several of the states , including Amhara Region and the multi-ethnic Southern Nations , Nationalities , and People 's Region .
It is the second most spoken Semitic language after Arabic , and the official language of Ethiopia .
Amharic -LRB- á á á á Ä mariÃ Ã Ä -RRB- is a Semitic language spoken in North Central Ethiopia by the Amhara .
Appalachia is a town of Virginia in the United States .
In the end , Ninny goes to live with Evelyn and her husband .
In particular , she tells Evelyn about two young women , Idgie and Ruth .
Fried Green Tomatoes is a 1991 drama film directed by Jon Avnet . It is based on a novel by Fannie Flagg called Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe .
Even though the lesbian content had been hidden , the film won an award from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation -LRB- GLAAD -RRB- for best feature film with lesbian content .
The film stars Kathy Bates , Jessica Tandy , Mary-Louise Parker and Mary Stuart Masterson .
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants . They are in the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system .
In 1986 he joined another band , The Exotic Birds .
Trent Reznor -LRB- born Michael Trent Reznor -RRB- -LRB- May 17 , 1965 -RRB- is an American singer and musician .
He moved to Cleveland , Ohio , USA in 1985 and joined a band called The Innocent where he played keyboard .
He joined his first band when he was in college , called Option 30 .
Conditions can be a specific time during development in the life of the organism or limited to a specific tissue , for example .
The construct has the mutated gene or part of it , and a reporter gene , which may be a selectable marker .
Mario R. Capecchi , Martin J. Evans and Oliver Smithies were declared laureates of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on `` principles for introducing specific gene modifications in mice by the use of embryonic stem cells '' , or gene targeting .
Gene targeting can be permanent or conditional .
The method can be used to delete a gene , remove control sections , add a gene , and introduce point mutations .
First a DNA construct is made , usually in bacteria .
Gene targeting is a genetic technique for replacing an existing gene with a mutated -LRB- changed -RRB- one .
Gianpiero Combi -LRB- born 20 November 1902 - died 12 August 1956 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Spider-Man is one of the most well know superheroes ever created . He is normally considered to Marvel Comic 's flagship character .
Marvel has featured Spider-Man in several comic book series such as The Amazing Spider-Man , Spectacular Spider-Man and Sensational Spider-Man and so on over the years .
The series featured Peter Parker , a teenage high school student who sometimes suffered rejection , inadequacy , and loneliness , that most young readers could easily relate to .
Peter Parker has developed himself from shy high school student to troubled but outgoing college student to married high school teacher but his most typical adult role is being a single freelance photographer .
Unlike some teen heroes such as Bucky and Robin , Spider-Man never had any adult mentors Captain America and Batman to teach him to be an superhero and thus he had to learn for himself that `` with great power comes great responsibility '' â '' a quote that he would cherish from his late Uncle Ben after he died .
The first time that Spider-Man -LRB- who is also known as -RRB- Peter Parker appeared was in the Amazing Fantasy # 15 comic book in August 1962 .
Because of the success it had , Spider-Man obtains his own comic book series called The Amazing Spider-Man and others would soon be created such as Spectacular Spider-Man , Sensational Spider-Man and Ultimate Spider-Man .
Spider-Man first appeared in the early 1960s when teenagers in superhero comic books were usually relegated to the role of sidekick to the protagonist .
And then in the Marvel Animation Age in 1994 there was another series about him and there wa an spin off of it called Spider-Man Unlimited . After the Sam Raimi movies there was an animated series of Spider-Man in MTV called Spider-Man : The New Animated Series and in 2008 there is an animated series called The Spectacular Spider-Man .
He has also been adopted in other media such as television and video games and most popularly Sam Raimi 's film trilogy which includes Spider-Man , Spider-Man 2 , and Spider-Man 3 .
Manilla is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Boulogne is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The song was written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil .
`` Hunted Down '' is a 1991 heavy metal song by the American grunge band Soundgarden , from their debut EP Screaming Life , which was released in 1987 .
The DC-10 was first ordered by launch customers American Airlines with 25 orders , and United Airlines with 30 orders and 30 options in 1968 .
The McDonnell Douglas DC-10 is an American three-engine medium - to long-range widebody airliner , with two engines mounted on underwing pylons and a third engine at the base of the vertical stabilizer .
The DC-10 became McDonnell Douglas 's first commercial airliner after the merger between McDonnell Aircraft Corporation and Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967 .
The DC-10 was succeeded by the related McDonnell Douglas MD-11 which entered service in 1990 .
Production of the DC-10 ended in December 1988 with 386 delivered to airlines and 60 to the U.S. Air Force as air-to-air refueling tankers , designated the KC-10 Extender .
-LRB- 6 -RRB- The DC-10 's similarity to the L-1011 in terms of passenger capacity and launch in the same timeframe resulted in a head to head sales competition which affected profitability of the aircraft .
In 1966 , American Airlines offered a specification to manufacturers for a widebody aircraft smaller than the Boeing 747 but capable of flying similar long-range routes from airports with shorter runways .
Douglas Aircraft began design studies based on its CX-HLS design .
The DC-10 , a series 10 model , made its first flight on August 29 , 1970 .
Following a flight test program with 929 flights covering 1,551 hours , the DC-10 was awarded a type certificate from the FAA on July 29 , 1971 It entered commercial service with American Airlines on August 5 , 1971 on a round trip flight between Los Angeles and Chicago .
The model was a successor to the company 's DC-8 for long-range operations , and competed in the same markets as the Airbus A300 , Boeing 747 , and Lockheed L-1011 Tristar , which has a similar layout to the DC-10 .
United Airlines began DC-10 service on August 16 , 1971 .
Some people who call themselves `` agnostic '' say that it is not possible for anyone ever to know if there are any deities or not .
Sentience is being capable of feeling , consciousness or having some form of mind .
Nationwide Arena is a sports arena located in Columbus , Ohio .
The arena opened in 2000 , and right now the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- and the Columbus Destroyers of the Arena Football League -LRB- AFL -RRB- play there .
Rapid deepening is a condition that happens when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone goes down at lot very quickly .
The National Weather Service describes rapid deepening as a decrease of 42 millibars in less than 24 hours .
He has also gotten senate approval to return the police to the supervision of LGUs and has authored a law to fix the date for elections of ARMM officials .
He was cheated of victory in the 1995 national elections after running for another term as senator ; he took the case to the Supreme Court eventually winning the suit in 2004 .
As Chair of the Committee on Local Government , he has supported far-reaching amendments to further strengthen the role of local government units in national development .
As chair of the Blue Ribbon Committee , he has recommended the prosecution of top government officials of previous administrations in relation to the Expo Pilipino centennial scam and the misuse of the funds of the Retirement and Separation Benefits Systems of the Armed Forces .
He has also recommended the prosecution of certain personnel of the Land Registration Administration for involvement in faking of land titles .
He then launched a bid for the vice presidency in 1992 , running under the Liberal Party with Jovito Salonga running for president , finishing fifth among the vice presidential candidates by garnering 9.9 % of the vote .
Recently his committee also conducted series of investigations into the allegation of Governor Luis `` Chavit '' Singson on jueteng scandal .
Kohima is the capital town of Nagaland state in India .
As the HDS is being edited in the three official languages of Switzerland , the template contains links to the German , French and Italian versions of the HDS article .
The ID number is apparent in the URL of the HDS article , for example http://www.hls-dhs-dss.ch/textes/d/D16654.php .
Some articles may not yet be available in all languages , but they are supposed to eventually be .
In articles pertaining to the history of Switzerland , to link to the corresponding online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland -LRB- HDS -RRB- article , usually under the `` References '' or `` Other websites '' heading .
Dead links in one or two languages are therefore no cause for concern .
where ID is the ID number of the HDS article .
Voulpaix is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The British Rail Class 932 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units and diesel electric multiple unit carriages converted for departmental use .
Originally the series was reserved for Research and Tractor units .
In recent years , however , other types have also been given numbers in this series .
Farbus is a commune . It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Alyson Rae Stoner -LRB- born August 11 , 1993 -RRB- was an American teen actress , dancer , singer and former model .
She was known for her roles in The Suite Life of Zack & Cody -LRB- as Max -RRB- , Cheaper By The Dozen -LRB- as Sarah Baker -RRB- , and Step Up -LRB- as Camille Gage -RRB- .
During its first official week of sales the album sold over 497,000 -LRB- 558,000 -RRB- copies and rocketed to number two on the pop charts behind Eminem 's Encore and number one on the Top R&B \/ Hip-Hop Albums chart -LRB- for two weeks -RRB- .
Destiny Fulfilled is the fourth studio album by the American R&B trio Destiny 's Child .
Destiny Fulfilled was certified Triple platinum by the RIAA after only eight weeks on the chart in January , 2005 .
The album has sold 6 million copies worldwide , to date .
Destiny Fulfilled debuted prematurely at number-nineteen on the Billboard 200 selling 61,000 copies a week before its official release .
Alphonse Gabriel `` Al '' Capone -LRB- January 17 , 1899 â `` January 25 , 1947 -RRB- was an Italian American gangster . He led a crime syndicate in the Prohibition-era that was known as the `` Capones '' .
The Capones was known for smuggling , bootlegging liquor and prostitution in Chicago , Illinois from around the 1920s to 1931 .
A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used on Indonesia 's Gili Islands used instead of motorized transport which is not allowed .
Zorgho is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso .
Its capital is situated at the town of Zorgho .
According 1996 estimates , it has a population of 49,648 .
Kazumasa Kawano -LRB- born 7 November 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Liliales is an order of flowering plants .
This order of necessity includes the family Liliaceae , but both the family and the order have had a widely disputed history , with the circumscription varying greatly from one taxonomist to another .
Englesqueville-en-Auge is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Presles-et-Thierny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
But , by the end of the Tokugawa period women attended philosophical and literary classes .
The Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's -LRB- 1536 â `` 1598 -RRB- mistress became the real master of Osaka castle after his death .
While the main criteria for marriage changed , among the most important were : physical attractiveness and education .
The word samurai comes from the Japanese verb saburai , which means to serve -LRB- someone -RRB- . Samurai lived during the Edo period .
Yamauchi Kazutoyo never took a mistress , though it was a known tradition for samurai , and he never left Chiyo although she was only able to have one child -LRB- a girl , Yone -RRB- .
For example , in Muromachi period , the wife of Ashikaga Yoshimasa -LRB- 1449 â `` 1474 , 8th shogun -RRB- , Hino Tomiko ruled in his place .
The station is located on the A24 Balham High Road in the London Borough of Wandsworth . It is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
Balham station is the name given to the London Underground and the National Rail stations that located in the Balham area of south London , England .
My Trach Massacre was the murder of many people in My Trach Village , My Thuy Commune , Le Thuy District , Quang Binh Province , Vietnam .
In the summer of 2005 , the song was used as the theme song in ESPN 's SportsCenter series 50 States in 50 Days .
`` Open Road '' is the first single from Bryan Adams ' 2004 album `` Room Service '' .
It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating , and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with extra required Perl Modules .
It can configure many operating system internals , such as users , disk quotas , services , configuration files , as well as modify and control many opensource applications , such as the Apache HTTP Server , PHP and MySQL .
The Albanian Wikipedia is the Albanian language edition of Wikipedia .
Rutland is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Ravenden is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Tomokazu Hirama -LRB- born 30 June 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Calenzano borders the following municipalities : Barberino di Mugello , Campi Bisenzio , Prato , San Piero a Sieve , Sesto Fiorentino , Vaglia , Vaiano .
Calenzano is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany . It is located about 11 km northwest of Florence .
Calenzano has a station on the regional railway connecting it to Prato , Florence , Pistoia and Lucca .
Calenano has an area of 76.9 kmÂ and a population of 15,557 inhabitants .
It can be reached by road from the highway `` A1 '' .
Buses connect Calenzano to Prato , Florence , Campi Bisenzio and Barberino di Mugello .
Tabriz is the largest city in north-western Iran with a population of 1,597,319 .
dec or Î -RRB- is a word used in astronomy to describe one of the two coordinates of the equatorial coordinate system , the other being either right ascension or hour angle .
Declination -LRB- abbrev .
Dec is comparable to latitude , projected onto the celestial sphere , and is measured in degrees north and south of the celestial equator .
The members of the society are called Fellows of the Royal Society , and put the letters FRS after their names . The are elected by existing Fellows .
The Royal Society is a society for science and scientists .
It was founded in 1660 by Charles II .
The are elected by existing Fellows .
Osogna is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Nathan Delfouneso -LRB- born 2 February 1991 in Tyseley , Birmingham -RRB- is a professional footballer who plays for Aston Villa as a striker .
Simon Fraser University -LRB- SFU -RRB- is a Canadian university . It has campuses in Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , Vancouver and Surrey , all in British Columbia .
The university is named after Simon Fraser .
Maclean 's magazine rated SFU as Canada 's best comprehensive university in 1993 , 1997 , 1998 and 2000 .
It has campuses in Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , Vancouver and Surrey , all in British Columbia .
Research Infosource named SFU the top comprehensive university in Canada for â publication effectivenessâ in 2006 .
Libya gets nearly all of its money from producing oil .
Libya is a country in north Africa . Its official name is The Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya .
Old College is a building in Edinburgh , United Kingdom . It is part of University of Edinburgh .
Chamoy is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Hmong people divide themselves into the White Hmong , the Green Hmong , and other smaller groups .
Vietnam has 787,600 Hmong people , Laos has 320,000 Hmong people , and Thailand has 150,000 Hmong people . Some Hmong people live in Myanmar .
Outside of Asia , the United States has the most Hmong people ; it has 186,310 Hmong people . France has 15,000 Hmong people , Australia has 2,000 Hmong people , and French Guiana has 1,500 Hmong people .
The words Hmong and Mong refer to an Asian ethnic group .
Vietnam has 787,600 Hmong people , Laos has 320,000 Hmong people , and Thailand has 150,000 Hmong people .
This is the HTML color code for the neutral color of the tropical cyclone statistics tables .
This is the results of America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 1 .
The city is next to San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery .
San Bruno is a city in San Mateo County , California , United States .
The population was 40,165 at the 2000 census .
Northern bluefin tuna are the largest kind of tuna fish .
Chapelle-Vallon is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Hanau was first mentioned in 1143 and became a city in 1303 .
During World War II Hanau was almost completely destroyed by British airstrikes in March 1945 .
It is located 25 km east of Frankfurt am Main .
Hanau is a town in Hesse , Germany .
He completed his final grandmaster norm in 2005 , at 14 years , 4 months .
Maxime Vachier-Lagrave -LRB- born 21 October 1990 -RRB- is a French chess Grandmaster and the reigning World Junior Chess Champion .
Matthew Wolfenden is a football player . He plays for Oldham Athletic .
ZdenÄ k Grygera -LRB- born 14 May 1980 -RRB- is a Czech football player .
Mauritania national football team is the national football team of Mauritania .
It is named after the neaby All Saints , Poplar , a church dating from 1821-3 .
All Saints DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- in East London .
The station entrance is on the East India Dock Road , opposite Chrisp Street Market .
He studied there until 1746 when his father died , then left KÃ nigsberg to take up a job as tutor .
In his entire life Kant never traveled more than seventy miles from the city of KÃ nigsberg .
One of them , Windelband , said , `` every philosophy before Kant poured into Kant , and every philosophy after Kant pours from Kant '' .
Kant wrote two other books named Critique too : Critique of the practical reason -LRB- 1788 -RRB- and Critique of the Judgement -LRB- 1790 -RRB- .
Immanuel Kant was born on April 22 , 1724 . His father was Johann Georg Kant .
Kant wrote two other books named Critique too : Critique of the practical reason -LRB- 1788 -RRB- and Critique of the Judgement -LRB- 1790 -RRB- . In Critique of the practical reason Kant wrote about the problem of freedom and God .
Immanuel Kant -LRB- April 22 , 1724 â `` February 12 , 1804 -RRB- was a German philosopher . He was born in KÃ nigsberg , Prussia , and also died there .
The name changed to British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1954 , to British Commonwealth Games in 1970 and assumed the current name of the Commonwealth Games in 1978 .
The first such event , then known as the British Empire Games , was held in 1930 . The name changed to British Empire and Commonwealth Games in 1954 , to British Commonwealth Games in 1970 and assumed the current name of the Commonwealth Games in 1978 .
The Commonwealth Games is a multinational , multi-sport event . Held every four years , it involves the elite athletes of the Commonwealth of Nations .
The first such event , then known as the British Empire Games , was held in 1930 .
Thalheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Compared with the style of other French composers like Gabriel FaurÃ or Claude Debussy , Roussel 's orchestration is kind of heavy .
Roussel was a classicist .
He spent some time in the French Navy . In 1889 and 1890 he served on the crew of the frigate IphigÃ nie .
Georges PrÃ tre recorded this same music with the Orchestre National de France for EMI in 1984 .
He wrote a piano-vocal composition called Jazz dans la nuit . This is almost the same by its inspiration to other jazz works such as `` Blues '' second movement of Maurice Ravel 's Violin Sonata .
His other works are manys ballets , a piano concerto , a concertino for cello and orchestra , a psalm setting for chorus and orchestra , minor music for the theater , solo piano music , and songs .
Arturo Toscanini included the suite from the ballet Le festin de l'araign Ã e in one of his concerts with the NBC Symphony Orchestra .
The Schola Cantorum left a mark on Roussel 's mature style .
During World War I , he served as an ambulance driver on the Western Front .
After the war , he bought a summer house in Normandy .
Albert Charles Paul Marie Roussel -LRB- 5 April 1869 - 23 August 1937 -RRB- was a French composer .
His fellow students were Erik Satie and the young Edgard VarÃ se .
After Roussel stopped working with the Navy in 1894 , he began to study music with EugÃ ne Gigout . Albert continued his studies until 1908 at the Schola Cantorum -LRB- one of his teachers there was Vincent d'Indy -RRB- .
His earlier music came from the impressionism of Debussy and Ravel . He turned more towards neoclassicism with his later music .
Roussel spent seven years as a midshipman . He only turned to music as an adult .
Roussel 's most important works are the ballets . They are Le festin de l'araign Ã e , Bacchus et Ariane , and Aeneas .
Albert was born in Tourcoing -LRB- Nord department of France -RRB- . Roussel 's earliest interest was not music .
It also left 50,000 homeless by damaging over 15,000 homes .
The 1997 Qayen earthquake was a large earthquake that struck in Northern Iran 's Khorasan Province on May 10 , 1997 . It was also known as the Quayen , Ardekul or Qaen earthquake .
It was the largest in that area since 1990 and measured 7.3 on the moment magnitude scale .
Albon-d ` Ard Ã che is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
Fairfield is a city of Iowa in the United States .
It continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today .
Its original title was TÅ kaidÅ Yotsuya Kaidan .
Hiroki Kishida -LRB- born 7 June 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Fagiano Okayama .
Rubidium hydroxide is a chemical compound . It is composed of rubidium and hydroxide ions .
It causes immediate burns to the skin .
It is made by dissolving rubidium oxide in water .
Fort Lauderdale is a city of Florida in the United States .
The Blue Earth River is a tributary of the Minnesota River . It is 108 miles -LRB- 174 km -RRB- long and can be found in the southern part of Minnesota and the northern part of Iowa in the United States .
It has two headwaters : the Middle Branch Blue Earth River and the West Branch Blue Earth River .
The Blue Earth River is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River .
1,000 Hours is the first release from American punk rock band Green Day and the first of several releases for the independent record label Lookout !
Euroa is roughly midway between Melbourne and Albury .
The name Euroa comes from an Aboriginal word meaning `` joyful '' .
The town has an Australian Rules Football team , the `` Euroa Magpies '' , competing in the Goulburn Valley Football League .
The main road from Melbourne northward is the Hume Highway .
Euroa is a town in north-east Victoria , Australia about 147 kilometers from Melbourne . It is close to the Strathbogie Ranges .
Golfers play at the course of the Euroa Golf Club on Walters Road .
Euroa has several retirement villages , one high school , and two primary schools .
In 2006 there were 2,776 people living in the town .
A by-pass was built around the town and since then Euroa has been a quiet town with little growth or business .
The town is located on the main North East railway , and is served by V\/Line passenger services .
Major Mitchell camped on the banks of the Seven Creeks at Euroa during his 1836 expedition from Sydney .
Mike Rodriguez -LRB- born April 20 , 1989 -RRB- is an Ecuadorian football playmaker who plays for Ecuadorian giants Barcelona SC .
Prignac-en-M Ã doc is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The 2008 â `` 09 Boston Bruins season is the Bruins ' 84th season in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Sainte-Colombe , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Commes is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Cosimo Rosselli -LRB- 1439 -- after 1506 -RRB- was an Italian painter , active mainly in his birthplace of Florence .
Alachua is a city of Florida in the United States .
The Colorful Puffleg -LRB- Eriocnemis mirabilis -RRB- is a critically endangered hummingbird .
The Colorful Puffleg -LRB- Eriocnemis mirabilis -RRB- is a critically endangered hummingbird . People estimated that only 50-250 adult Colorful Pufflegs are left in the world .
Oliver Twist ; or , The Parish Boy 's Progress -LRB- commonly known as Oliver Twist -RRB- -LRB- 1838 -RRB- is a novel by Charles Dickens .
Tilga is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Helen Herron `` Nellie '' Taft -LRB- June 2,1861 - May 22,1943 -RRB- was the wife of William Howard Taft , the President of the United States . She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1909 to 1913 .
Karmapa is the head of Karma Kagyu - the biggest subschool or lineage of Kagyu school of tibetan Buddhism .
It is a parody of `` Money for Nothing '' by Dire Straits and a cover of The Beverly Hillbillies theme song .
`` Money for Nothing\/Beverly Hillbillies \* '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
`` Money for Nothing\/Beverly Hillbillies \* '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic . It is a parody of `` Money for Nothing '' by Dire Straits and a cover of The Beverly Hillbillies theme song .
Major League Baseball is the company in the United States and Canada that is in charge of professional baseball .
There are 30 different major league teams .
The Zuiderzeewerken -LRB- Zuiderzee Works -RRB- are a system of dams , land reclamation and water drainage works , a project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
The sluices let water out of the IJsselmeer . If there were no sluices the lake would fill up and flood the countryside .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Barons Court is between West Kensington and Hammersmith on the District Line , and between Earl 's Court and Hammersmith on the Piccadilly Line .
Barons Court is a London Underground station on the District and Piccadilly lines . It is in West Kensington , Greater London .
The station is located on Gliddon Road , a short distance from Talgarth Road -LRB- A4 -RRB- in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
It is in Travelcard Zone 2 .
It confines with the parishes of Bobadela , Camarate , Moscavide , Portela , Prior Velho and Unhos .
SacavÃ m is on the border of the River Tagus .
SacavÃ m is very well-known for its famous ceramics .
The Italian Invasion of Albania was a Military Campaign by Fascist Italy to Occupy Albania .
Benito Mussolini the Fascist Italian Dictator started the Plan and Began to Build up His Armies on the Italian Water Border .
Neighbor districts are : Ansbach -LRB- district -RRB- , WeiÃ enburg-Gunzenhausen , EichstÃ tt -LRB- district -RRB- , Neuburg-Schrobenhausen , Aichach-Friedberg , Augsburg -LRB- district -RRB- , Dillingen -LRB- district -RRB- and in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg : Heidenheim -LRB- district -RRB- and Ostalbkreis -RRB- ; DonauwÃ rth is the capital of the Donau-Ries .
Donau-Ries -LRB- Danube-Ries -RRB- is a rural district in Swabia in southwest Bavaria , Germany .
Jefferson City is the capital city in Missouri , United States .
John Malcolm Fraser AC , CH , GCL , PC -LRB- born 21 May 1930 -RRB- was the 27th Prime Minister of Australia .
Kosuke Kitani -LRB- born 9 October 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Sagan Tosu .
Cedar Valley is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Saint-Martin-Choquel is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The ministry was founded on 13 March 1933 , by Adolf Hitler 's new National Socialist government . The head of this ministry was Dr. Joseph Goebbels .
The Reich Ministry for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda -LRB- German : Reichsministerium fÃ 1\/4 r VolksaufklÃ rung und Propaganda or Propagandaministerium -RRB- was a ministry in Nazi Germany that enforced Nazi Party ideology in Germany . It regulated its culture and society .
Southern Gothic is a kind of gothic fiction , different from American literature , that usually takes place in American South .
Fairview Heights is a city of Illinois in the United States .
It is a part of the Barisal Division .
Jhalokati is a district in South-western Bangladesh .
Under the current Constitution -LRB- adopted in 1980 -RRB- , the President is elected by popular -LRB- by many people -RRB- vote , for a period of four years . Immediate re-election is not permitted .
Producer Bill Drake called the 1969 History of Rock & Roll radio broadcast a rockumentary .
A rockumentary is a documentary about rock music or its musicians .
Mark Rutte -LRB- born 14 February 1967 in The Hague is a Dutch politician .
He has been Prime Minister of The Netherlands since October 2010 .
This template converts county names to political control for English administrative counties .
Riviera Beach is a city of Florida in the United States .
L. Ron Hubbard started Dianetics .
A cauldron or caldron -LRB- from Latin caldarium , hot bath -RRB- is a large metal pot -LRB- kettle -RRB- for cooking and\/or boiling over an open fire .
Idaho Falls is the biggest city of Bonneville County in the state of Idaho , United States .
Ourton is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Mark McGwire and Rafael Palmeiro are the only currently eligible club members not elected to the Hall .
Being a member of the 500 home run club is sometimes described as a guarantee of entry into the Baseball Hall of Fame . Some believe the milestone has become less meaningful in recent years .
Also , several of these recent members have had ties to performance-enhancing drugs .
On August 11 , 1929 , Babe Ruth became the first member of the club .
Ruth ended his career with 714 home runs . This record stood from 1935 until Hank Aaron broke it in 1974 .
Four 500 home run club membersâ '' Aaron , Mays , Eddie Murray , and Rafael Palmeiroâ '' are also members of the 3,000 hit club .
Sheffield 's 500th home run was his first career home run with the New York Mets , the first time that a player 's 500th home run was also his first with his franchise .
Twenty-five players are members of the 500 home run club .
Gary Sheffield is the most recent to reach 500 home runs ; he hit his 500th home run on April 17 , 2009 .
In Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- , the 500 home run club is a term given to the group of batters who have hit 500 or more regular-season home runs in their careers .
Some believe the milestone has become less important with the large number of new members ; 10 players joined the club from 1999 to 2009 .
Aaron 's ending career total , 755 , stayed the record until Barry Bonds set the current mark of 762 during the 2007 season .
The San Francisco Giants are the only franchise to have four players reach 500 home runs while on their roster : Mel Ott while the team was in New York , Willie Mays , Willie McCovey , and most recently Bonds .
Eligibility requires that a player has `` been retired five seasons '' or be dead for at least six months . .
Of these 25 players , 13 were right-handed batters , 10 were left-handed , and 2 were switch hitters -LRB- meaning they could bat from either side of the plate -RRB- .
Some believe that by not electing McGwire to the Hall , the voters were starting a `` guideline '' on how they would treat players from the `` Steroid Era '' .
Alex Rodriguez , at 32 years and 8 days , was the youngest player to hit 500 . Ted Williams , at 41 years and 291 days , was the oldest .
ChÃ zery-Forens is a commune .
AssÃ - le-B Ã renger is a commune of 329 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Trance music is played in clubs . The origin of the term `` trance '' is unclear .
Trance music is a kind of electronic music .
Mullah Mohammed Omar -LRB- Pashto : Ù His name is often shortened to Mullah Omar .
None of these photos is official . A picture that was used by the media in 2002 , shows another Taliban official , but not Omar .
Despite his political rank , and his high status on the FBI 's wanted list , not much is publicly known about Omar .
Between 1996 and 2001 , he was Afghanistan 's de facto head of state . Three states officially recognized him under the title of Head of the Supreme Council .
He is believed to be directing the Taliban in their war against Hamid Karzai 's Government and foreign NATO troops in Afghanistan from Pakistan .
He held the title Commander of the Faithful from the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan .
PÃ riers-sur-le-Dan is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Kosuke Yoshii -LRB- born 19 March 1986 -RRB- is a Japanse football player . He plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
The south gallery of the nave is home to The Stained Glass Museum , a collection of stained glass from the 13th century to the present that is of national importance . It includes works from several notable modern artists .
Several details of its decoration , particularly the ` syncopated arches ' and the use of Purbeck marble shafts , reflect the influence of St Hugh 's Choir at Lincoln Cathedral , built a few years earlier .
Work began on a new eastern end in 1234 , replacing the short Norman chancel with a much grander 10-bay structure .
Construction work continued throughout the 12th century .
She set up and ruled a monastery at Ely in 673 , and , when she died , a shrine was built there to her memory .
Ely Cathedral is an Anglican church in Ely , Cambridgeshire . It is the main church of the diocese of Ely , and the seat of the Bishop of Ely .
Ely Cathedral is an Anglican church in Ely , Cambridgeshire .
It was originally a two-storey structure where liturgical processions could gather before entering the nave . It was opened up into a single vaulted space in the 18th century .
The present cathedral was started by Abbot Simeon -LRB- 1082 â `` 1094 -RRB- in 1083 .
A ` Galilee ' porch was added under Bishop Eustace -LRB- 1198 â `` 1215 -RRB- in the Early English Gothic style .
Northwold 's chancel , completed by around 1252 , adopted several of the stylistic elements already used in the Galilee porch .
The Western transepts and tower were completed in an exuberant Romanesque style with a rich decoration of intersecting arches and complex mouldings .
St Etheldreda 's Shrine was destroyed .
The main transepts were built early on , crossing the nave below a central tower , and are the oldest surviving part of the cathedral .
The Anglo-Saxon church was demolished , but some of its relics , such as the remains of its benefactors , were moved to the cathedral .
The first Christian building on the site was founded by Etheldreda , daughter of the King of East Anglia .
The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has 945 square miles -LRB- 2,447 kmÂ -RRB- of total area . Out of that , 933 square miles -LRB- 2,415 kmÂ -RRB- is land and 12 square miles -LRB- 32 kmÂ -RRB- is water .
The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin .
Part of the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar was given to Bernhard , the fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe-Weimar in 1672 .
It travels from State Road 826 -LRB- Palmetto Expressway -RRB- and State Road 924 -LRB- Gratigny Parkway -RRB- in Hialeah , Florida -LRB- just west of Miami -RRB- to Sault St. Marie , Michigan at the Ontario , Canada border .
Interstate 75 -LRB- often shortened to I-75 -RRB- is an interstate highway in the midwest and southeastern United States that runs north and south .
The last Tsar to Rule Russia was Tsar Nicholas II .
These include the ondes martenot and the synthesizer .
The development of electronic instruments in the 20th century has brought about many different types of electronic keyboard instruments .
Stefan Effenberg -LRB- born 2 August 1968 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Willem Kes -LRB- born Dordrecht , 16 February 1856 ; died 22 February 1934 -RRB- , was a Dutch conductor .
When the Concertgebouw Orchestra was started in Amsterdam in 1888 Kes was its conductor .
From 1905 to 1926 , Kes was director of a music conservatory -LRB- college -RRB- in Koblenz .
They originate from the protection symbols .
CSS is used to move a small piece of HTML from the content area of a wikipage to somewhere else on that page , usually in the top-right at the same height as the title of the wikipage .
However , due to how the icons are implemented , they have a tendency to break rather easily , for instance when sitenotices are active .
This is a metatemplate used to help build top icons , little -LRB- usually 15x15 pixels -RRB- icons in the top-right area of -LRB- mostly -RRB- userpages and user talk pages .
Because CSS is used , the icons require specific CSS for each individual skin .
Editors have been increasingly using the same trick to add custom icons to their userpages .
Currently only Monobook , Modern and Vector are supported .
The only supported top icons are the three used in article space ; the protection lock , the spoken article speaker icon and the featured article star .
Note that officially , the top icons on userpages are allowed to break at any time .
However , when sitenotices are active , the icons are likely differently aligned and may cross the header line .
However if you use this template , your icons will be automatically fixed permanently once we do find a solution .
Other technical changes that are important to the entire mediawiki software or changes to article space will always be more important than keeping the userspace top icons working .
The top icons are a hack .
ATM there is no way to fix this , and user top icons have a lower priority than the top icons for articles -LRB- which do work in all cases -RRB- .
This template is therefore meant to simplify support , not to guarantee it .
Any top icons that use this template are safe for sitenotices etc. .
Because it is impossible to correct this for each and every userpage every time the top icons are broken -LRB- not to mention a waste of valuable editor time -RRB- , a new template and class -LRB- topicon -RRB- were introduced to make it simpler to support the icons .
Astore is one of the six districts of the Gilgit Baltistan .
The district contains the Astore Valley and is bounded to the west by Diamir District -LRB- from which is was separated in 2004 -RRB- .
A party is a social gathering primarily for celebration and recreation .
It was named in January 2005 after Narvi from Norse mythology , also known as Narfi or Nari , a son of Loki by Sigyn who was killed to punish Loki for his crimes .
Narvi or Saturn XXXI , is a moon of Saturn .
His entrails were used to bind Loki to a stone slab for all eternity , or at least until Ragnarok .
The name was approved by the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature on January 21 , 2005 .
The gods turned his brother VÃ li into a slavering wolf who tore his throat out .
It was found by a team of astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 , and given the designation S\/2003 S 1 .
Narvi is about 6.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,371,000 km in 1006.541 days , at an inclination of 137 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 109 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.320 .
Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Diessenhofen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
British Rail Class D3\/5 was a shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Darlington Works in England .
It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period and the class was numbered 13152 â `` 13166 -LRB- later renumbered D3152-D3166 -RRB- .
The Hog Deer -LRB- Axis porcinus -RRB- is small deer .
The Hog Deer -LRB- Axis porcinus -RRB- is small deer . Its habitat ranges from Pakistan and Kashmir , through northern India , to mainland southeast Asia .
The objects within the Kuiper Belt together with the members of the scattered disk beyond , are together called trans-Neptunian .
After the Kuiper belt was discovered in 1992 , the number of known Kuiper belt objects -LRB- KBOs -RRB- has added to over a thousand , and more than 70,000 KBOs over 100 km -LRB- 62 mi -RRB- in diameter .
Linen is a material made from the fibers of the flax plant -LRB- Linum usitatissimum -RRB- .
Fairbanks is a city in Alaska .
It is normal for the temperature to be â 15 Â F -LRB- â 26 Â C -RRB- to â 25 Â F -LRB- â 32 Â C -RRB- , and it can get as cold as â 60 Â F -LRB- â 51 Â C -RRB- .
Pianoro is a town of the province of Bologna in Italy .
100 Greatest Britons was a poll organised by the BBC in 2002 .
The top 10 are shown below :
He also created milk chocolate . Sloane Square in London is named for him .
Sir Hans Sloane , 1st Baronet , PRS -LRB- 16 April , 1660 â `` 11 January , 1753 -RRB- was an Ulster-Scot physician and collector . He is notable for donating his collection to the British nation .
The band 's name is a reference to Doc Martens shoes .
The Bouncing Souls are a punk rock band from New Brunswick , New Jersey that formed in 1987 .
AbbÃ court is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
British archaeologist D.G. Hogarth published The Nearer East in 1902 , which helped to define the term and its extent , including Albania , Montenegro , southern Serbia and Bulgaria , Greece , Egypt , all the Ottoman lands , the entire Arabian peninsula , and western parts of Iran .
The Sino-Japanese War in 1894 â `` 1895 in the Far East , and the Armenian Genocide in the Near East .
The term Near East came into use in the 1890s , when European powers had to do with two critical situations in the `` east '' .
Many composers in the Romantic period wrote sonatas , for example : Brahms wrote piano sonatas as well as sonatas for violin and piano , cello and piano , and clarinet and piano .
The interstate follows the Connecticut River for much of its length .
Its south end is at New Haven , Connecticut , and its north end is at Derby Line , Vermont ; near the Canadian border . The interstate follows the Connecticut River for much of its length .
Interstate 91 is an interstate on the East Coast of the United States .
Skara Brae is a Neolithic settlement on the west coast of mainland Orkney , Scotland .
Coincy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Then Hideyoshi unified Japan .
The time of Hideyoshi 's rule is usually called the Momoyama period .
Users who appear to be children changing pages in good faith who give out identifying personal information should be treated kindly and advised that giving out personal information is a bad idea and may be dangerous .
Deletion and revision hiding may be used to remove the information .
If they are not disruptive then personal information may just be removed and the user asked not to add the information back .
Sometimes the user is immature and ends up being blocked for disruption .
East Dubuque is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Portland is south of the resort of Weymouth .
Como is a city in northern Italy .
Alsip is a village of Illinois in the United States .
An airfoil -LRB- in American English , or aerofoil in British English -RRB- is the shape of a wing or blade -LRB- of a propeller or ship 's screw or sail -RRB- as seen in cross-section .
The technical list can be found at Special : ListUsers\/oversight .
Staufen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland .
Keane wrote a message on their official page in November 14 2001 saying this :
In 1995 he asked his friend Tim Rice-Oxley to form a band .
`` One sad piece of news for us is that in July our guitarist Dom decided to leave the band and return to his studies at LSE .
He left in 2001 , after the single `` Wolf at the Door '' because of musical differences with Rice-Oxley .
They named the band `` The Lotus Eaters '' .
We wish him all the best with that . ''
Rice-Oxley also said in an interview in Mexico : `` Dom is a great fan of U2 so maybe we 'll met in New York '' -LRB- Because Keane was the opening band for U2 in 2005 -RRB- .
Dominic `` Dom '' Scott -LCB- May 15 , 1979 -RRB- is an Irish guitarist . He is known for being the guitarist of the rock band Keane .
They invited Richard Hughes to play the drums .
Alice DeeJay was a Dutch electronic music group , who achieved success from 1999 to 2002 .
The group consisted of record producers Pronti -LRB- born Sebastiaan Molijn -RRB- , Kalmani -LRB- born Eelke Kalberg -RRB- and DJ Jurgen , with lead singer Judith Anna Pronk .
Cucuron is a commune of 1,828 people -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Vowles stayed a member of Massive Attack until shortly after the release of their third full-length album , Mezzanine , in 1998 .
Vowles grew up in Bath .
He also had expressed a dislike for touring , an activity which he characterised as `` pimping '' .
Interviews with band members have pointed to differences of opinion in the direction the band should go ; Vowles liking a hip-hop direction while Robert Del Naja and Daddy G leaned more towards darker electronica themes .
Andrew Lee Isaac Vowles -LRB- born 10 November 1967 , Southmead Hospital , Bristol , England -RRB- , also known as Mushroom , is a founding member of British trip-hop band Massive Attack .
The same time to Massive Attack , Vowles , along with Robert Del Naja , Grant Marshall , Nellee Hooper , and others were the The Wild Bunch crew , named after a western by Sam Peckinpah .
Several members of The Wild Bunch formed Massive Attack .
AmbÃ rieux-en-Dombes is a commune .
Stanstead is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , England .
The term has been applied to lesion studies in humans and animals .
Neuropsychology is the scientific discipline that studies the structure and function of the brain related to more common psychological processes and overt behaviors .
It has also been applied to efforts to record electrical activity from individual cells -LRB- or groups of cells -RRB- in higher primates -LRB- including some studies of human patients -RRB- .
Bougy is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Port-de-Bouc is a commune of 17,900 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
The Atlanta Hawks are a team in the National Basketball Association .
In 1951 , they changed their name to the Hawks and moved to Milwaukee , Wisconsin , then moved to St. Louis , Missouri in 1955 .
The team was first the Buffalo Bisons in 1946 , then moved to Moline , Illinois that same year , being called the Tri-Cities Blackhawks until 1951 .
Retired Major General Vicente M. Piccio -LRB- born on March 1 , 1927 in Iloilo -RRB- was a Filipino soldier .
Kontich is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
It is found on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean , about 400 km south of Buenos Aires .
Mar del Plata has a population of 541,733 people .
Mar del Plata is a city of Argentina in the Buenos Aires Province .
It is the 7th biggest city in Argentina .
Brain cancer is a maliganant brain tumor .
The population of Fort Nelson was 4,514 at the 2006 census .
Around Fort Nelson is Fort Nelson River , Muskwa River and Prophet River .
The forests located in Fort Nelson are part of Canada 's boreal forest .
Fort Nelson is located in the newly formed Northern Rockies Regional Municipality and is also located in the northeastern corner of British Columbia .
The Flag of Switzerland is a red field , a white cross whose arms are one sixth longer than their width .
The relationship between the span of the cross and the width of the flag has not been established , but in practice the ratio is about 2:3 or 7:10 .
The river was known as Alutus or Aluta in Roman times .
It flows in the Romanian counties Harghita , Covasna , BraÅ ov , Sibiu , VÃ cents lcea and Olt .
The following towns and villages are situated along the river Olt , from source to mouth -LRB- incomplete list -RRB- : BÄ lan , SÃ cents ndominic , Miercurea-Ciuc , SfÃ cents ntu Gheorghe , FÄ gÄ raÅ , Brezoi , CÄ limÄ neÅ ti , RÃ cents mnicu VÃ cents lcea , CÄ lineÅ ti , DrÄ gÄ neÅ ti , Proieni , Corbu , Golotreni , Brezoi , VÄ ratica , PÄ uÅ a , CÄ ciulata , CÄ limÄ neÅ ti , RÃ cents mnicu VÃ cents lcea , Jiblea Veche , DrÄ gÄ Å ani , Slatina , DrÄ gÄ neÅ ti-Olt .
The Olt River -LRB- Romanian and Hungarian ; German : Alt ; Latin : Aluta or Alutus -RRB- is a river in Romania .
Juan Donoso CortÃ s , marquÃ s de Valdegamas -LRB- May 6 1809 ; Valle de la Serena -LRB- Extremadura -RRB- - May 3 , 1853 -RRB- was a Spanish author and diplomatist .
Saint-Jean-de-Livet is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Vesta was the virgin goddess of the hearth , home , and family in Roman mythology .
The seat of the county is Newark , the largest city in the state .
Essex County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Kenichi Uemura -LRB- born 22 April 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is also responsible for controlling several major points and autonomic functions of the body :
The medulla contains the cardiac , respiratory , vomiting and vasomotor centers and deals with autonomic functions , such as breathing , heart rate and blood pressure .
It is often referred to as simply the medulla .
The medulla oblongata is the lower , or rear , half of the brainstem .
The medulla oblongata controls autonomic functions , and relays nerve signals between the brain and spinal cord .
ChartÃ ves is a commune .
Lady 's slipper orchids , lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids are the orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioidea .
They are special because of the slipper-shaped orchid pouches of the flowers . The pouch traps insects so that they must climb up past the staminode , where they get or give pollen , fertilizing the flower .
Some people think this subfamily should be different from the Orchidacae as a family Cypripediaceae .
The lady 's slipper is also known in the United States of America as the moccasin flower , because it looks like a shoe or moccasin .
Slackware is the oldest Linux distribution that is still supported .
Adriano Gerlin da Silva -LRB- born 20 September 1974 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The Oireachtas is the national parliament of Ireland .
It is called the Aga River or the Å kawa River in Fukushima .
In 1964 , a chemical factory at Kanose village in Niigata Prefecture released methyl mercury into the river and caused Niigata Minamata disease .
The Agano River -LRB- Aganogawa -RRB- is a river which flows from Fukushima Prefecture to Niigata Prefecture in Japan .
It is 210 km long with 7,710 kmÂ watershed .
Lego , also called LEGO , is a type of building toy created and made by the Lego Group , a company in Denmark .
Lego , also called LEGO , is a type of building toy created and made by the Lego Group , a company in Denmark . `` Lego Bricks '' are colorful plastic building blocks that can be joined together easily .
LEGO video games usually come from LEGO themes , such as LEGO Star Wars and Lego Indiana Jones .
LEGO Star Wars 1 and 2 are some of the best selling video games and are about to get a new version of LEGO Star Wars , LEGO Star Wars 3 : The Clone Wars .
Lego bricks can be joined together in many ways . Vehicles , buildings and even robots can all be built with Lego bricks .
The database schema uses logical formulas to create integrity constraints . It is not possible to insert data into the database that violates these integrity constraints .
Using the database schema , it is possible to create a blueprint of the database .
In Computer science a schema or database schema describes the structure of a database in a formal language that is supported by the database management system . Using the database schema , it is possible to create a blueprint of the database .
In Computer science a schema or database schema describes the structure of a database in a formal language that is supported by the database management system .
Age of Mythology is a spinoff of the Age of Empires game series .
RoÃ `` llecourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Jerry Moran -LRB- born May 29 , 1954 -RRB- is a U.S. Senator from Kansas .
He is a member of the Republican Party . Moran served as a U.S. Representative from 1997 to 2011 .
Marco Bode -LRB- born 23 July , 1969 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Yuri Gagarin was born in the village of Klushino near Gzhatsk -LRB- now in Smolensk Oblast , Russia -RRB- , on 9 March 1934 .
Gagarin 's planned flight needed good weather and no outboard tanks .
The first two lines of the song are : `` The Motherland hears , the Motherland knows\/Where her son flies in the sky '' .
Yuri was the third of four children , and his elder sister helped raise him while his parents worked .
Gagarin kept physically fit throughout his life , and was a good sportsman .
At the same time , he began to re-join as a fighter pilot .
On 27 March 1968 , while on a routine training flight from Chkalovsky Air Base , he and flight instructor Vladimir Seryogin died in a MiG-15UTI crash near the town of Kirzhach .
However , no such words appear in the direct record of Gagarin 's talk with the Earth during the spaceflight .
While there he met Valentina Goryacheva . Yuri married her in 1957 , after gaining his pilot 's wings in a MiG-15 .
Ground crew also left fuel tanks on the aircraft .
The town next to Gzhatsk was renamed Gagarin in 1968 in his honor .
Gagarin then became deputy training director of the Star City cosmonaut training base .
As the space explorer Valery Bykovsky wrote :
Approving other theorie , his thoughts are that a Sukhoi jet -RRB- was flying below its minimum allowed altitude , and `` without realizing it because of the terrible weather conditions , he passed within 10 or 20 meters of Yuri and Seregin 's plane while breaking the sound barrier . ''
Soviet people tried to keep him away from any flights , being worried of losing their hero in an accident .
Russian documents opened to the public in March 2003 showed that the KGB had changed their own investigation of the accident . In addition to this , one government and two military investigations .
His two elder siblings were sent out to Nazi Germany for slave work in 1943 , and did not return until after the war .
In 1960 , after the search and selection process , Yuri Gagarin was selected with 19 other space explorers for the Soviet space program .
After starting an apprenticeship in a metalworks as a foundryman , Gagarin was selected for further training at a technical high school in Saratov .
Gagarin was backup pilot for Vladimir Komarov in the Soyuz 1 flight .
Because of the lod weather report , the crew thought their altitude to be higher than it actually was , and could not properly react to bring the MiG-15 out of its spin .
His parents , Alexey Ivanovich Gagarin and Anna Timofeyevna Gagarina , worked on a collective farm .
During his flight , Gagarin famously whistled the song `` The Motherland Hears , The Motherland Knows '' .
While manual workers are thought as `` peasants , '' this may be too-simple if applied to his parents â '' his mother was said to love reading , and his father was a skilled carpenter .
Out of the twenty selected , the choices for the first launch were Gagarin and Gherman Titov because of their performance in training , as well as their physical well being .
The resulting turbulence would have sent the MiG into an uncontrolled spin .
As Komarov 's flight ended in a deadly crash , Gagarin was banned from training for and helping out in further spaceflights .
Along with the other soon to be space explorers , he was tested by experiments made to test his physical and psychological score ; he also underwent training for the upcoming flight .
Around the same time , some Western people claimed that Gagarin , during his space flight , had made the comment , `` I do n't see any God up here . ''
While there , he worked on designs for a reusable spacecraft . Gagarin worked on these designs in Star City for seven years .
While there , he joined the `` AeroClub '' , and learned to fly a light aircraft .
In a certain context Khrushchev said , `` Gagarin flew into space , but did n't see any God there . ''
In 1955 , after finishing his technical schooling , he entered military flight training at the Orenburg Pilot 's School .
The report says that an air traffic controller made Gagarin have old weather information . But by that time of his flight , conditions had become very bad .
The KGB 's report removed many conspiracy thoughts , instead of showing the actions of air base personnel added to the crash .
The investigation ended , saying that Gagarin 's aircraft entered a spin , either because of a bird strike or because of a sudden move to avoid another aircraft .
Gagarin and Seryogin were buried in the walls of the Kremlin on Red Square .
In a 2006 interview a close friend of Gagarin , Colonel Valentin Petrov , said that Gagarin never said such words , and that the phrase came from Nikita Khrushchev 's speech at the fullness of the Central Committee of the CPSU , where the anti-religious propaganda was talked about .
People are not sure what caused the crash , but a 1986 inquest thinks that the turbulence from a Su-11 ` Fishpot-C ' interceptor using its afterburners may have caused Gagarin 's plane to go out of control .
In 1962 , he began serving as a deputy to the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union .
He became Lieutenant Colonel -LRB- or Podpolkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force on 12 June 1962 . Then on 6 November 1963 he got the rank of Colonel -LRB- Polkovnik -RRB- of the Soviet Air Force .
This song was written by Dmitri Shostakovich in 1951 -LRB- opus 86 -RRB- , with words by Yevgeniy Dolmatovsky .
Like millions of people in the Soviet Union , the Gagarin family suffered during the Nazi invasion in World War II .
Leonov thinks the first boom he heard was that of the jet breaking the sound barrier , and the second was Gagarin 's plane crashing .
He became Lieutenant of the Soviet Air Force on 5 November 1957 and on 6 November 1959 he got the rank of Senior Lieutenant .
As well as being a good ice hockey player , Gagarin was also a basketball fan , and coached the Saratov Industrial Technical School team , as well as being an umpire\/referee .
In his 2004 book Two Sides of the Moon , Alexey Leonov tells that he was flying a helicopter in the same area that day when he heard `` two loud booms in the distance . ''
Post-graduation , he was told to go to Luostari airbase in Murmansk Oblast , close to the Norwegian border , where bad weather made flying risky .
Bonneville-la-Louvet is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Center Hill is a city of Florida in the United States .
Liver cancer are malignant tumors on\/in a liver .
There have been nine goaltenders who have scored a goal in a National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- game .
The most recent to do so was Chris Mason in 2006 , who was credited with a goal after he was the last player to touch the puck before his opponents put the puck into their own net .
The most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by actually shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was Evgeni Nabokov , in 2002 .
Juris Doctor is an academic degree in law .
He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds .
Genki Haraguchi -LRB- born 9 May 1991 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Alexandre Luiz Fernandes -LRB- born 21 January 1986 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The athletic nickname , or equivalently athletic moniker , of a university or college is the name officially or unofficially adopted by that institution for at least the members of its athletic teams .
In general , the institution uses this moniker to describe the people associated with it , especially its current students .
Crimson is deep purplish red color between red and rose . You can make it by combining a strong , bright deep red with a little blue .
Sainte-Preuve is a commune .
Maryport is a town on the A596 road in Cumbria , England .
Pulmonology is a part of medicine .
Along with coins , banknotes make up the cash forms of all modern money .
The use of fixed denominations and printed banknotes came into use in the 18th century .
This order carried the threat of a maximum $ 10,000 fine and a maximum of ten years in prison for anyone who kept more than $ 100 of gold in preference to bank notes .
In the United States , public acceptance of banknotes in replacement of precious metals was hastened in part by Executive Order 6102 .
The first proper European banknotes were issued by Stockholms Banco , a predecessor of the Bank of Sweden , in 1660 , although the bank ran out of coins to redeem its notes in 1664 and ceased operating in that year .
In the early 1690s , the Massachusetts Bay Colony was the first of the colonies to issue the permanently circulating banknotes .
Coins are generally used for lower valued monetary units , and banknotes for higher values .
Manganese -LRB- II -RRB- oxide is a chemical compound .
Once the causes of variation have been quantified , effort is spent in eliminating those causes that are both statistically and practically significant -LRB- i.e. a cause that has only a small but statistically significant effect may not be considered cost-effective to fix ; however , a cause that is not statistically significant can never be considered practically significant -RRB- .
Key tools in SPC are control charts , a focus on continuous improvement and designed experiments .
This is a continuous , ongoing activity .
In mass-manufacturing , the quality of the finished article was traditionally achieved through post-manufacturing inspection of the product ; accepting or rejecting each article -LRB- or samples from a production lot -RRB- based on how well it met its design specifications .
Variations in the process , which might affect the quality of the end-product or service can be detected and corrected , thus reducing waste as well as the likelihood that problems will be passed on to the customer .
The second kind of variation is known as special cause variation , or assignable-cause variation , and happens less frequently than the first .
Much of the power of SPC lies in the ability to examine a process , for the sources of variation in that process , by using tools which give weight to objective analysis over subjective opinions and which allow the strength of each source to be determined numerically .
If this change is allowed to continue unchecked , more and more product will be produced that fall outside the tolerances of the manufacturer or consumer , resulting in waste .
Selden describes how to use SPC in the fields of sales , marketing , and customer service , using Deming 's famous Red Bead Experiment as an easy to follow demonstration .
He discovered how the observed variation in manufacturing data did not always behave the same way as data in nature -LRB- for example , Brownian motion of particles -RRB- .
With its emphasis on early detection and prevention of problems , SPC has a distinct advantage over other quality methods , such as inspection , which apply resources to detecting and correcting problems after they have occurred .
Statistical process control was pioneered by Walter A. Shewhart in the early 1920s .
SPC would account for normal weight variation and better indicate when the person is in fact gaining or losing weight .
If the production process , its inputs , or its environment changes -LRB- for example , the machines doing the manufacture begin to wear -RRB- this distribution can change .
In addition to reducing waste , SPC can lead to a reduction in the time required to produce the product or service from end-to-end .
For example , as its cams and pulleys wear out , the cereal filling machine may start putting more cereal into each box than specified .
For example , a breakfast cereal packaging line may be designed to fill each cereal box with 500 grams of product , but some boxes will have slightly more than 500 grams , and some will have slightly less , in accordance with a distribution of net weights .
However , this notion that SPC is a useful tool when applied to non-repetitive , knowledge-intensive processes , such as engineering processes , has encountered much skepticism , and remains controversial today .
Two kinds of variation occur in all manufacturing processes : both these types of process variation cause subsequent variation in the final product .
When a process is stable and does not trigger any of the detection rules for a control chart , a process-capability analysis may also be performed to predict the ability of the current process to produce conforming -LRB- i.e. within specification -RRB- product in the future .
Additional process changes may be required to reduce variation or align the process with the desired target , especially if there is a problem with process capability .
This is partially due to a reduced likelihood that the final product will have to be reworked , but it may also result from using SPC data to identify bottlenecks , wait times , and other sources of delays within the process .
The following description relates to manufacturing rather than to the service industry , although the principles of SPC can be successfully applied to either .
Deming was also instrumental in introducing SPC methods to Japanese industry , after the war had ended .
Statistical Process Control may be broadly broken down into three sets of activities : understanding the process ; understanding the causes of variation ; and elimination of the sources of special cause variation .
While SPC has been applied most frequently to controlling manufacturing lines , it applies equally well to any process which has measurable factors .
Designed experiments are critical to this phase of SPC , as they are the only means of objectively quantifying the relative importance of the many potential causes of variation .
When excessive variation is identified by the control-chart detection rules , or the process capability is found lacking , additional effort is exerted to determine causes of that variance .
W. Edwards Deming later applied SPC methods in the U.S. during World War II , thereby successfully improving quality in the manufacture of munitions and other strategically important products .
While in this case , the waste is in the form of `` free '' product for the consumer , typically waste consists of rework or scrap .
This type of action could be harmful and possibly generate even more variation in body weight .
Control charts are used to identify variation that may be due to special causes , and to free the user from concern over variation due to common causes .
SPC indicates when an action should be taken in a process , but it also indicates when NO action should be taken .
While Dr. Shewhart drew from pure mathematical statistical theories , he understood that data from physical processes seldom produces a `` normal distribution curve '' -LRB- a Gaussian distribution , also commonly referred to as a `` bell curve '' -RRB- .
Statistical process control -LRB- SPC -RRB- is the use of statistical methods in the monitoring and control of a process , by repeatedly sampling measurements , or counts , to predict results .
In contrast , Statistical Process Control uses statistical tools to observe the performance of the production process in order to predict significant deviations that may later result in rejected product .
Dr. Shewhart concluded that while every process displays variation , some processes display controlled variation that is natural to the process -LRB- common causes of variation -RRB- , while others display uncontrolled variation that is not present in the process causal system at all times -LRB- special causes of variation -RRB- .
This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration -LRB- CMMI -RRB- .
By observing at the right time what happened in the process that led to a change , the quality engineer or any member of the team responsible for the production line can troubleshoot the root cause of the variation that has crept in to the process and correct the problem .
Common cause variation may include variations in temperature , properties of raw materials , strength of an electrical current etc. .
With sufficient investigation , a specific cause , such as abnormal raw material or incorrect set-up parameters , can be found for special cause variations .
Shewhart created the basis for the control chart and the concept of a state of statistical control by carefully designed experiments .
Under SPC , a process behaves predictably to produce results with the least possible waste .
An example is a person who would like to maintain a constant body weight and takes weight measurements weekly .
Process cycle time reductions , coupled with improvements in yield , have made SPC a valuable tool from both a cost-reduction and a customer-satisfaction standpoint .
A person who does not understand SPC concepts might start dieting every time his or her weight increased , or eat more every time his or her weight decreased .
In understanding a process , the process is typically mapped out and the process is monitored using control charts .
For a description and example of how SPC applies to a service environment , refer to Roberts -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
In 1989 , the Software Engineering Institute introduced the notion that SPC can be usefully applied to non-manufacturing processes , such as software-engineering processes , in the Capability Maturity Model -LRB- CMM -RRB- .
Generally , this includes development of standard work , error-proofing and training .
The tools used include Ishikawa diagrams , designed experiments and Pareto charts .
The first is known as natural or common cause variation and consists of the variation inherent in the process as it is designed .
In 1885 , a new station just north of Swan Street was opened .
It closed the same year on 12 December , 1859 .
The opening scene of the movie Romper Stomper was filmed in Richmond station .
The first station in Punt Road was at ground level and opened on 8 February , 1859 .
Richmond station has been moved and rebuilt four times .
Richmond station is a railway station in Richmond , Australia . Richmond is an inner suburb of Melbourne .
Tram route 70 goes past Richmond Station along Swan Street .
Punt Road is under the station with a major interchange with Swan Street and Brunton Avenue .
In the movie it was called Footscray station .
The bridges at each end of the station across Punt Road and Swan Street were also rebuilt to fit the ten tracks .
On the same day the new station opened in Swan Street .
The station is 2.4 k from Flinders Street Station which is Melbourne 's central railway station . Richmond station is close to the Melbourne Cricket Ground , Punt Road Oval and Melbourne Park .
The jury saw Chris ' power to stay in the game with the odds against him , both from the first challenge and as the last man standing , and voted him the Sole Survivor 5-2 .
After the ceremony , the men were named the Lopevi tribe , and the women the Yasur tribe , and sent to find their camps in the dark .
On Day 11 , there was a tribal switch like in other seasons , which ended up moving two people from each tribe over to the other tribe .
On Day 19 , the two tribes , now with 6 women and 4 men , merged into one tribe , which they named `` Alinta '' .
This would continue through the next two tribal councils that Lopevi took part in .
Eliza Orlins and Ami Cusack were chosen from this season to return for Survivor : Micronesia as members of the Favorites tribe , where they placed 10th and 11th .
The men were quickly targeted at the next three tribal councils , leaving Chris as the only male .
Survivor : Vanuatu - Islands of Fire -LRB- also known as Survivor : Vanuatu for short -RRB- was the ninth season of the American reality show Survivor .
By this time , the players in Ami 's alliance were her , Julie , and Leann , while Twila and Scout had formed a closer pairing , with Eliza as an outsider among the women .
Chris won the last two immunity challenges , and took Twila with him into the final two .
If more than one tribe or player wins reward or immunity , they are listed in order of finish , or alphabetically if it was teamwork , or where one player won and invited others , the players they invited are in brackets .
The season began like Survivor : The Amazon . The tribes were divided by gender .
The male tribe was Lopevi , named after one of Vanuatu 's volcanic islands ; the female tribe was Yasur , named after Mount Yasur .
The players were brought into the game at a native gathering , with the natives dividing the group into men and women .
The talk show was shown every Thursday and Friday on the CBS website . It interviews players from earlier seasons and reviews the players ' gameplay .
On December 12 , 2004 , Chris Daugherty won against Twila Tanner by a vote of 5-2 to become the sole survivor . This seasons became available on DVD on December 5 , 2006 .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
This was the second season where the starting tribes were divided by gender .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
Ami and Julie soon followed , even though they had tried to vote off Chris .
By this time , the players in Ami 's alliance were her , Julie , and Leann , while Twila and Scout had formed a closer pairing , with Eliza as an outsider among the women . When Chris did n't win the next immunity challenge , Twila brought Chris into a plan to vote out one of Ami 's group if they could bring Eliza into their foursome .
Lopevi lost the first challenge mainly due to Chris , however , the older men of the tribe started an alliance and worked to vote off one of the younger men , Brook .
It was also the first season to have an amputee -LRB- Chad Crittenden , who had lost a foot to cancer -RRB- and not one , but two open lesbians -LRB- motivational speaker Scout Cloud Lee and old Playboy model Ami Cusack -RRB- .
The men were clearly worshiped at the ceremony , suggesting they would have better luck in the game .
When Eliza won the reward challenge , she got her own car and the players who finished second and third in the challenge were able to join her at a spa retreat .
When Chris did n't win the next immunity challenge , Twila brought Chris into a plan to vote out one of Ami 's group if they could bring Eliza into their foursome .
The final four was Chris , Eliza , Twila , and Scout .
John K. had to spend a day with the other tribe for the point of giving immunity to one of them at tribal council that night .
On Day 20 , the tribes were merged -LRB- combined -RRB- into one tribe . They named the new tribe `` Alinta '' , a name suggested by Scout meaning `` people of fire . ''
Chris was successful at this , and Leann was voted out at the next tribal council .
It was filmed in Summer 2004 . The game took place on Vanuatu , a group of volcanic islands in the South Pacific .
In the first seven seasons , there were only sixteen .
Also starting that day was Survivor Live , an hour-long Internet talk show hosted by the first Sole Survivor Richard Hatch and Entertainment Tonight correspondent Chris Booker .
In his early career he was known as Johnny Dankworth He was the husband of jazz singer Cleo Laine .
Sir John Dankworth , CBE -LRB- born Walthamstow , 20 September 1927 ; died London , 6 February 2010 -RRB- , , was an English jazz composer , saxophonist and clarinetist .
One of officials of king Djoser was also named Huni , and it 's possible that this man and pharaoh Huni are the same person .
Sneferu became a king after Huni 's death , and he married his half-sister Hetepheres .
Cape Lookout stands at 34 Â 36 ' 19 `` N , 76 Â 32 ' 10 `` W , and is part of Carteret County , 11 miles southeast of Beaufort , NC .
An area of the banks to either side of it has been designated the Cape Lookout National Seashore .
Cape Lookout is southern point of the South Core Banks , one of the natural barrier islands on the Atlantic coast of North Carolina , USA .
It delimits Onslow Bay to the west from Raleigh Bay to the east .
Bismuth ions form a dark gray precipitate when reacted with potassium iodide because bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- iodide was made .
Bismuth -LRB- III -RRB- iodide , also known as bismuth triiodide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is BiI3 .
Kot Gullah is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Talagang Tehsil .
In acidic conditions , hydrogen selenide gas is made .
Selenide is an ion . Its chemical formula is Se2 â `` .
Selenides are similar to sulfides .
The selenide ion is unstable except in very basic conditions . Normally hydroselenide is made , which is HSe - .
During the Jewish wars , Titus had begun a love affair with Berenice , sister of Agrippa II .
Titus held seven consulships during Vespasian 's reign and acted as his secretary , appearing in the Senate on his behalf .
When the pair was publicly denounced by Cynics in the theater , Titus caved in to the pressure and sent her away , but his reputation suffered .
Titus ruled to great acclaim after the death of Vespasian in 79 . He was considered a good emperor by Suetonius and other contemporary historians .
He was deified -LRB- declared a god -RRB- by the Roman Senate and succeeded by his younger brother Domitian .
Titus put an end to this practice , against himself or anyone else , declaring :
When Vespasian was declared emperor on 1 July 69 , Titus was left in charge of ending the Jewish rebellion .
In 70 , he successfully laid siege to Jerusalem . He destroyed the city and Temple in Jerusalem .
When Vespasian became Emperor , Titus and his brother Domitian received the title of Caesar from the Senate .
In 75 , she returned to Titus and openly lived with him in the palace as his promised wife .
But Titus proved to be an effective emperor and was well-loved when people found that he had virtues instead of vices .
A member of the Flavian dynasty , Titus succeeded his father Vespasian upon his death .
Consequently , no senators were put to death during his reign ; he thus kept to his promise that he would assume the office of Pontifex Maximus `` for the purpose of keeping his hands unstained '' .
As emperor , he is best known for completing the Colosseum and for his generosity in relieving the suffering caused by two disasters , the Mount Vesuvius eruption of 79 and a fire in Rome in 80 .
Titus -LRB- Titus Flavius Vespasianus , 30 December 39 â `` 13 September 81 -RRB- was Roman Emperor from 79 to 81 .
`` It is impossible for me to be insulted or abused in any way .
Finally , when Berenice returned to Rome , he sent her away .
One of his first acts as an emperor was to stop trials based on treason charges , which had long plagued Rome .
The informers were publicly punished and banished from the city . Titus then made it unlawful for persons to be tried under different laws for the same offense -LRB- double jeopardy -RRB- .
After barely two years in office , Titus died of a fever on 13 September 81 .
The Romans were wary of her , and disapproved of their relationship .
For this , Titus was awarded a Roman triumph . To this day , the Arch of Titus commemorates his victory .
For I do naught that deserves censure , and I care not for what is reported falsely '' .
The Herodians had collaborated with the Romans during the rebellion , and Berenice herself had supported Vespasian upon his campaign to become emperor .
Because of his supposed vices , many Romans feared he would be another Nero .
This led to a long cycle of trials and executions under such emperors as Tiberius , Caligula and Nero . This spawned entire networks of informers who terrorized Rome for decades .
The Three Kingdoms of Korea were Goguryeo , Baekje and Silla .
The time of the three kingdoms ended in 668 when Silla conquered the other two . It beat Goguryeo after Baekje .
The titles are Samguk Sagi and Samguk Yusa . The name `` Samguk '' means `` Three Kingdoms '' .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Brechin City F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
MIT has five schools and one college , and it has 32 academic departments , and gives much importance to scientific and technological research .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology -LRB- MIT -RRB- is a private university , located in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
A Tachyon is any hypothetical particle that could travel faster than the speed of light .
Viriat is a commune . It is found in the region RhÃ ne-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France .
Windows CE is a different operating system and kernel . It is not a trimmed-down version of desktop Windows .
Windows CE -LRB- also known officially as Windows Embedded Compact post version 6.0 , and sometimes abbreviated WinCE -RRB- is Microsoft 's operating system for embedded devices and minimal computers .
It is not Windows XP Embedded which is NT-based .
Woollypod Milkweed -LRB- Asclepias eriocarpa -RRB- is a species of milkweed plant . It is also known as Indian Milkweed and Kotolo .
A law school -LRB- also known as a school of law or college of law -RRB- is a school mostly for legal education .
In the theory , there are two players called left and right . A game is something that allows left and right to make moves to other games .
Elwyn Berlekamp , John Conway and Richard Guy are the founders of the theory . They worked together in the 1960s .
Their published work was called Winning Ways for Your Mathematical Plays .
So each position is also called a game .
Sodium nitrite is a chemical compound . It contains sodium and nitrite ions .
Yasuyuki Moriyama -LRB- born 1 May 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Montserrat national football team is the national football team of Montserrat .
Rural Retreat , Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States .
It has a large architectural bookshop , a cafÃ , restaurant and lecture theaters .
In the past , fellowships of the institute were given , but this has stopped ; those who continue to hold this title instead add FRIBA .
Parts of the London building are open to the public , including the exhibition galleries and Library .
The Royal Institute of British Architects -LRB- RIBA -RRB- is a professional organization for architects in the United Kingdom .
It was awarded a Royal Charter in 1837 , becoming the Royal Institute of British Architects in London , eventually dropping the reference to London in 1892 .
Chartered Members are allowed to call themselves chartered architects and to add the post-nominals RIBA after their name ; Student Members are not permitted to do so .
The Institute also maintains a dozen regional offices around the United Kingdom .
Rooms are hired out for events .
The RIBA is a member organization , with 44,000 members .
RIBA is based at 66 Portland Place , Londonâ '' a 1930s Grade II \* listed building designed by architect George Grey Wornum with sculptures by Edward Bainbridge Copnall and James Woodford .
It was originally named the Institute of British Architects in London and formed in 1834 . The group was started by several important architects , including Philip Hardwick , Thomas Allom , William Donthorne , Thomas Leverton Donaldson , John Buonarotti Papworth and Thomas de Grey , 2nd Earl de Grey .
Makoto Tanaka -LRB- born 8 August 1975 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Avispa Fukuoka .
In 1913 Correns became the first director of the newly founded Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Biology in Berlin-Dahlem .
Carl Erich Correns -LRB- 10 September 1864 â `` 14 February 1933 -RRB- was a German botanist and geneticist . His research into heredity led to his rediscovery of Gregor Mendel 's earlier work , independently of Hugo de Vries .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison on July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American rock musician and Golden Globe-nominated actress .
The State 's Sultan since 1981 has been Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj .
On 19 December 2006 , continuously heavy downpor occurred in Johor .
It was opened on 6 June 1974 and has been expanded several times ever since .
Average annual rainfall is 1778 mm with average temperature of between 25.5 Â C -LRB- 78 Â F -RRB- and 27.8 Â C -LRB- 82 Â F -RRB- .
The old state capital is Johor Lama .
The constitutional head of Johor is the Sultan . This position can only be passed down and held by a member of the Johor Royal Family , who is descended from Sultan Abu Bakar .
This position can only be passed down and held by a member of the Johor Royal Family , who is descended from Sultan Abu Bakar .
The current Chief Minister is Dato ' Abdul Ghani Othman , a former civil servant .
Johor is a constitutional monarchy .
The Chief Minister is assisted by an executive council -LRB- exco -RRB- , whose members are selected from the state assembly members .
Before the name Johor was taken up , the area south of the Muar River to Singapore island was known as Ujung Tanah or ` land 's end ' in Malay , due to its location at the end of the Malay Peninsula .
The highest point in Johor is Gunung -LRB- mountain -RRB- Ledang -LRB- 1276 m -RRB- .
Humidity is between 82 and 86 % .
The state government is led by the Chief Minister or Menteri Besar .
Johor experiences wet equatorial weather with monsoon rain from Nov until Feb blowing from the South China Sea .
Currently , it has a 5 million passenger capacity with parallel taxiway under construction .
Construction of the road section started in 1919 and was completed in 1923 .
The capital city and royal seat of Johor is Johor Bahru , once known as Tanjung Puteri .
Johor was the first state and currently the only state in Malaysia that has its own military force called Johor Military Force or ` Timbalan Setia Negeri ' .
Johor is surrounded by Pahang to the north , Malacca and Negeri Sembilan to the northwest , and the Straits of Johor to the south which is divided by the international border between Malaysia and the Republic of Singapore .
Johor has one international airport -LRB- 30 km away from the city center -RRB- , The Sultan Ismail International Airport in Senai -LRB- 01 â 38 â 26 â N , 103 â 40 â 13 â E -RRB- .
The name `` Johor '' came from the Arabic word Jauhar , ` gem\/precious stone ' .
The constitutional head of Johor is the Sultan .
Johor has three ports : Pasir Gudang Port , Port of Tanjung Pelepas and Tanjung Langsat Port .
Johor also has the third largest mangrove forest reserve in Peninsular Malaysia -LRB- 167 kmÂ -RRB- .
Many towns such as Muar , Kota Tinggi and Segamat were seriously flooded with water levels as high as 10 f above ground level recorded in some areas .
The state assembly makes laws in matters on the state .
Members of the assembly are elected every five years in an election .
In the official census of 2000 , the population of Johor was 2.75 million people with 54 % Malays , 35 % Chinese , 7 % Indians and 4 % others .
Malaysia Airlines also operate flights from Senai airport to some local and international destinations .
15 lives were lost and many possessions were destroyed and this resulted in huge financial losses in Johor .
More than 100,000 victims were evacuated to flood relief centres .
It is a private army of the Sultan of Johor paid by the state government .
The legislative branch of Johor 's government is the Johor State Assembly .
Johor is the only state in Malaysia which has a 400 km beach stretching on both the East and the West coast .
Johor is also known for its national parks .
Almost all recreational parks are based around a mountain .
It was the first state in Malaysia which adopted the constitutional monarchy system , and its laws are stated in Undang-undang Tubuh Negeri Johor -LRB- Johor State Establishment Constitution -RRB- , written by Sultan Abu Bakar .
Coincidentally , Johor is the most southerly point of the Asian continental mainland .
The airport is also a regional hub of AirAsia , a regional low-cost no-frills airline .
Gunung Ledang is also known as Mount Ophir .
Johor is linked to Singapore by two road connections : the Johor-Singapore Causeway and the Malaysia-Singapore Second Link .
The Johor-Singapore Causeway -LRB- length : 1038 m -RRB- was designed by Messrs Coode , Fizmaurice , Wilson and Mitchell of Westminster , while the construction contract was awarded to Topham , Jones & Railton Ltd of London .
Johor currently has five national parks , with a combined area of more than 700 kmÂ and several smaller recreational forest .
S.S.D. Tivoli Calcio 1919 is a football club which plays in Italy .
An electron configuration is the arrangement of electrons within an atom .
The structure of the Periodic table of elements is partly based off of electron configuration .
The city of Mansehra is the capital .
Mansehra District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
These are lists of seasons for the List of North Indian Ocean cyclone .
It was released on March 22 , 1994 . The producer of the album was Arnold Lanni .
Naveed is the debut studio album by Canadian rock Our Lady Peace .
The British Rail Class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works workshop .
Introduced in 1940 and withdrawn by 1980 , they spent the whole of their working lives on the electrified railway lines of north Liverpool .
The data revealed no atmosphere to a surface pressure of 0.03 microbars ; if it exists , it would have to be far thinner than that of Triton or Pluto .
On September 8 , 2001 , Titania occulted a faint star ; this was a chance to both refine its diameter and ephemeris , and to detect any extant atmosphere .
Titania was named after Titania , the Queen of the Faeries in A Midsummer Night 's Dream .
Shakespeare 's character 's name is pronounced , but the moon is often pronounced \/ taÉ Ë teÉ niÉ \/ , by analogy with the familiar chemical element titanium .
He later reported four more moons , which turned out to be spurious .
At the time of the flyby the southern hemisphere of the moon was pointed towards the Sun so only it was studied .
The names of Titania and the other four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel 's son John Herschel in 1852 at the request of William Lassell , who had found Ariel and Umbriel the year before .
All of the moons of Uranus are named for characters from Shakespeare or Alexander Pope .
So far the only close-up images of Titania are from the Voyager 2 probe , which photographed the moon during its Uranus flyby in January , 1986 .
Titania was found on January 11 , 1787 by William Herschel . He reported it and Oberon the same year .
Throughout history natron has had many practical uses which are still used in the wide range of modern uses of its constituent mineral components .
Natron can be used to dry and preserve fish and meat .
The English word natron is a French cognate that came from the Spanish natrÃ n through Greek Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Ï Î 1\/2 nitron , which came from the Ancient Egyptian word netjeri , meaning natron .
Both the hepta - and the decahydrate effloresce -LRB- lose water -RRB- in dry air and are partially transformed into the monohydrate thermonatrite Na2CO3 Â H2O .
Most human-made sodium carbonate is soda ash , sodium carbonate anhydrate Na2CO3 , which is obtained by calcination -LRB- dry heating at temperatures of 150 to 200 Â C -RRB- of sodium bicarbonate , sodium carbonate monohydrate , or trona .
It crystallizes in the monoclinic-domatic crystal system , typically forming efflorescences and encrustations .
The modern chemical symbol for sodium , Na , is an abbreviation of that element 's New Latin name natrium , which came from natron .
Some of its ancient household roles are also now filled by ordinary baking soda , natron 's other meaningful ingredient .
Most of natron 's uses both in the home and by industry were replaced in time with closely related sodium compounds and minerals .
Natron was also a cleanser for the teeth and an early mouthwash .
The mineral natron is often found in association with other minerals such as gypsum and calcite .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate has a specific gravity of 1.42 to 1.47 and a Mohs hardness of 1 .
Historical natron was harvested as a salt mixture from dry lake beds in Ancient Egypt and has been used for thousands of years as cleaning .
Natron 's detergent properties are now commercially supplied by soda ash , the mixture 's chief compound ingredient , along with other chemicals .
Natron is white or without color when it is pure . It can be gray or yellow with impurities .
Natron is also the mineralogical name for the compound sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 10H2O -RRB- , which is the main component in historical natron .
The mineral was mixed into early antiseptics for wounds and minor cuts .
This releases a mostly clear , colorless salty kind of water with a little solid thermonatrite .
Natron deposits are sometimes found in saline -LRB- salty -RRB- lake beds which arose in arid environments .
In some cultures , natron was thought to keep both the living and the dead lime in ceramic and glass-making by the Romans and others at least until 640 CE .
The mineral was also used as a flux to solder precious metals together .
Soda ash also replaced natron in glass-making .
In modern mineralogy the word natron has come to mean only the sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- hydrated soda ash -RRB- which makes up most of the historical salt .
It was also an ancient household insecticide , was used for making leather and as a bleach for clothing .
Sodium carbonate decahydrate stays the same at room temperature , but it changes into the crystal material Na2CO3 Â 7H2O , then above 37 - to sodium carbonate monohydrate , Na2CO3 Â H2O , if the temperature becomes 32 Â .
The mineral was used in Egyptian mummification because it absorbs water and was a drying agent .
It softens water and removes oil and grease at the same time .
The term hydrated sodium carbonate is commonly used to encompass the monohydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â H2O -RRB- , the decahydrate and the heptahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 7H2O -RRB- , but is often used in industry to refer to the decahydrate only .
Natron is a natural mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate -LRB- Na2CO3 Â 10H2O , a kind of soda ash -RRB- and about 17 % sodium bicarbonate -LRB- also called nahcolite or baking soda , NaHCO3 -RRB- along with small amounts of household salt -LRB- halite , sodium chloride -RRB- and sodium sulfate .
Together with oil , it was an early form of soap .
Also , when exposed to moisture the carbonate in natron increases pH , which makes a good environment for bacteria .
Donato di NiccolÃ di Betto Bardi -LRB- most people just called him Donatello -RRB- -LRB- 1386 â `` December 13 , 1466 -RRB- was an Italian artist during the Renaissance .
Other possible name results for the title are FN ` MTV , Friday Night MTV , Feedback New MTV , Feedback New Music Television , FN -LRB- standing for f \*\*\* ing MTV -RRB- MTV , F ` in MTV , or FN ` MTV `` Friday Night '' .
After making the commercial , the band put a few songs on Esurance 's website .
As the band became more popular and started playing live more often , Connie Minowa and Scott West started painting onstage during shows . .
Cloud Cult is an indie rock band from Minneapolis , Minnesota that is led by singer and songwriter Craig Minowa .
In October of 2008 , the band had a song in an animated Esurance commercial .
The band is shown playing their instruments while floating on clouds .
Line 5 is currently 16.6 km .
Line 5 -LRB- L5 -RRB- , currently known as CornellÃ Centre - Horta , its termini , and often simply called `` LÃ nia Blava '' -LRB- Blue line -RRB- is line belonging to the Barcelona Metro network operated by TMB , and part of the ATM fare-integrated transport network .
long and has 23 stations , from CornellÃ to Horta in the northern part of Barcelona , where it 's going to be extended towards Vall d'Hebron , meeting L3 .
Station and line names in italics are under construction .
It first opened in 1959 .
The current mayor is Dennis Travale who was elected on November 13 , 2006 . Before he was elected to office , the position was held by populist tobacco activist Rita Kalmbach , whose husband Emil has cancer .
Ayent is a municipality of the district HÃ rens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Dunnellon is a city of Florida in the United States .
Ashdown Forest is a forest in the county of East Sussex , in South East England .
Keller , Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Sedimentary rocks may be found anywhere on Earth .
It is a part of the Wheaton Park District .
The zoo , which is situated on 5 acres -LRB- 2 hectares -RRB- of land . It is built on the site of a historic train station .
The zoo holds a great number of programs for children . For example , they have programs like Junior Zookeepers , birthday parties , and holiday events .
Cosley Zoo is an AZA-accredited zoo . It is in Wheaton , Illinois .
Puklice is a village in the Jihlava District , VysoÄ ina Region of the Czech Republic .
Puklice was first documented in 1318 .
About 760 people live there and it has 10,92 kmÂ .
Fort Gibson is a town in Cherokee and Muskogee counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
The population was 4,054 at the 2000 census .
It is the location of Fort Gibson National Cemetery . It is near to the end of the Cherokees ' Trail of Tears at Tahlequah .
Zhe -LRB- Ð -- , Ð -RRB- is the seventh -LRB- eighth in Russian -RRB- letter in the Cyrillic alphabet .
Ashcroft was previously the Governor of Missouri -LRB- 1985 -- 1993 -RRB- and a U.S. Senator from Missouri -LRB- 1995 -- 2001 -RRB- .
He served during the first term of President George W. Bush from 2001 until 2005 .
John David Ashcroft -LRB- born May 9 , 1942 -RRB- is an American politician who was the 79th United States Attorney General .
When threatened , Sipunculids can retract their body into a shape resembling a peanut kernel â `` a practice that has given rise to the name `` peanut worm '' .
Sipunculans are worm-like animals ranging from 2 t in length , with most species being under 10 c. The body consists of a narrow front section , called the introvert and a larger trunk section .
Sipunculans have a coelom -LRB- body cavity -RRB- , and a body wall somewhat similar to that of annelids .
The most recognizable part of Sipunculan worms is their mouth , which is surrounded by a mass of 18 â `` 24 ciliated tentacles , all of which may be inverted into the body .
The tentacles are used to gather organic detritus from the water or substrate , and are probably also function as gills .
The Sipuncula -LRB- or Sipunculida , or peanut worms -RRB- are a small phylum of marine worms . The phylum has 144 â `` 320 species -LRB- estimates vary -RRB- of these bilaterally symmetrical , unsegmented worms .
The introvert is retractable into the trunk .
It is the first track on his album Imagine , released in 1971 .
`` Imagine '' is a song written and performed by English rock musician John Lennon .
and `` Give Peace a Chance '' , in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll .
The song is one of three Lennon solo songs , along with `` Instant Karma ! ''
Rolling Stone ranked `` Imagine '' the 3rd greatest song of all time in their The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time issue .
`` Imagine '' was released as a single in the United States where it reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100 .
When asked about the song in one of his last interviews , Lennon said that `` Imagine '' was as good as anything he had written with the Beatles .
Sone Aluko -LRB- born 19 February 1989 -RRB- is an English-Nigerian football player . He currently plays for Aberdeen .
Saint Maximus the Confessor -LRB- also known as Maximus the Theologian and Maximus of Constantinople -RRB- -LRB- born 580 â `` 13 August , 662 -RRB- was a Christian monk , theologian , and scholar .
In his early life , he was a civil servant . He was also an aide to the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius .
However in 1982 , he joined the Social Democratic Party -LRB- SDP -RRB- which would go on to form the Liberal Democrats and he unsuccessfully contested seats in the elections of 1983 , 1987 and 1992 until being elected as the MP for the London constituency of Twickenham in the 1997 general election .
He served as Chief Economist for the oil company Shell from 1995 to 1997 .
He was an advisor to the British government and to the Commonwealth Secretary-General in the 1970s and 1980s .
In the 1970 's , Cable was active in the Labor Party and became a Glasgow councillor .
He was the main economics spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats from 2003 to 2010 and became the Liberal Democrat 's Deputy Leader in 2006 . In May 2010 , a coalition government was formed between the Conservative Party and the Liberal Democrats and Vince Cable was made the Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills .
John Vincent `` Vince '' Cable -LRB- born 9 May 1943 in York , England -RRB- is a British politician who is the Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills in the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government .
Vince Cable studied economics at university and became an economic advisor to the Kenyan government in 1966 .
Furthermore , Pericles fostered Athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist .
Pericles had a big influence on Athenian society . Thucydides , his contemporary historian , described him as `` the first citizen of Athens '' .
He was descended , through his mother , from the Alcmaeonid family .
The period during which he led Athens , roughly from 461 to 429 BC , is sometimes known as the `` Age of Pericles , '' though the period thus denoted can include times as early as the Persian Wars , or as late as the next century .
This project made the city more beautiful . , It also showed its glory , and gave work to the people .
Pericles promoted the arts and literature . This was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural center of the ancient Greek world .
Pericles turned the Delian League into an Athenian empire and led his countrymen during the first two years of the Peloponnesian War .
He started an ambitious project that built most of the surviving structures on the Acropolis -LRB- including the Parthenon -RRB- .
495 â `` 429 BC , Greek : , meaning `` surrounded by glory '' -RRB- was a prominent and influential statesman . He also was an orator , and general of Athens .
He finds out where Gabriel is â `` at the Social Security Administration building in Woodlawn .
Both McClane and Farrell head down there .
One of Gabriel 's men went down there and starts downloading the data early on in the movie .
McClane manages to fight them off and gets Farrell into the car .
Farrell and McClane send a picture of Gabriel to the FBI , where they say that Gabriel was hired by them .
McClane presses the gun into his shoulder and fires , injuring himself but killing Gabriel .
Live Free or Die Hard -LRB- also called Die Hard 4.0 outside of North America -RRB- is an action movie starring Bruce Willis and Justin Long .
Clemons is a city of Iowa in the United States .
He was awarded the Linnean Society 's prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1908 .
He was the first to provide an accurate description of the embryonic sac in gymnosperms -LRB- such as conifers -RRB- and angiosperms -LRB- flowering plants -RRB- , along with demonstrating double-fertilization in angiosperms .
After 1881 he was head of the Botanisches Institut at the University of Bonn .
In 1868 he taught at the University of Warsaw .
Strasburger was a founder of the famous Lehrbuch der Botanik fÃ 1\/4 r Hochschulen -LRB- Textbook of Botany -RRB- , which first appeared in 1894 .
In 1869 Strasburger was appointed professor of botany at the University of Jena .
At about the same time as Walther Flemming , and Edouard van Beneden , he worked out chromosome movement during mitosis in plant cells .
He came up with one of the modern laws of plant cytology : `` New cell nuclei can only arise from the division of other nuclei '' , and originated the terms cytoplasm and nucleoplasm .
His work on the upward movement of tree sap proved that the process was physical and not physiological .
Eduard Adolf Strasburger -LRB- Warsaw , 1 February 1844 â `` Bonn , 19 May 1912 -RRB- was a Polish-German professor who was one of the most famous botanists of the 19th century .
The earliest texts found in Japan are written in classical Chinese .
However , some of them show the influences of Japanese grammar -LRB- e.g. word order -RRB- .
It was released on October 31 , 2000 .
While on the Howard Stern show , ICP talked with Sharon Osbourne who bet $ 50 , 000 they could not sell more than 200,000 copies , and that it would be subsequently dropped from its distributor .
Bizzar is the sixth studio album by American Horrorcore band , Insane Clown Posse and is the second half of Bizaar .
Violent J predicted that the group 's next album would sell at least 500,000 units and they sold 400,000 units but Sharon never paid them .
If there is only one leaf , then the plant is thought single-leafed , vice versa .
The Axillary bud is an embryonic shoot which is between the stem and petiole of a plant .
Axillary buds can be used to tell the different kinds if the plant is single-leafed or multi-leafed .
Simply count the number of leaves after an axillary bud .
Ngata was drafted out of the University of Oregon by the Baltimore Ravens with the 12th pick in the first round of the 2006 NFL Draft .
Etuini Haloti Ngata -LRB- born January 21 , 1984 in Inglewood , California -RRB- is an American Football Defensive end and Nose tackle for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Its county seat is Sacramento , which is not only the county seat but the state capital .
Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California . It is located in the Central Valley , along the Sacramento River .
Sacramento County is a county in the U.S. state of California .
Ignatius became Bishop of Antioch after Saint Peter and Evodius , who died around AD 67 .
Important topics addressed in these letters include ecclesiology , the sacraments , and the role of bishops .
En route to his martyrdom in Rome , Ignatius wrote a series of letters , including one to Polycarp , bishop of Smyrna , who had also known John . These letters are an example of the theology of the earliest Christians .
Besides the Latin name , Ignatius , he also called himself Theophorus -LRB- `` God Bearer '' -RRB- , and tradition says he was one of the children Jesus took in His arms and blessed .
SebastiÃ n Viera -LRB- born 7 March 1983 in Florida , Uruguay -RRB- is an Uruguayan football player .
ChÃ zy-sur-Marne is a commune . It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Saint-Cannat is a commune of 4,684 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
He wrote a journal about their encounters with local tribes , and their journey up the coast to St. Augustine .
After he died in 1968 the state got his land , and gave it to the park .
He soon became known as the Wildman of the Loxahatchee .
Jonathan Dickinson State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site in Martin County , Florida , between Hobe Sound and Tequesta .
The park has many kinds of areas , such as sand pine scrub , pine flatwoods , mangroves , and river swamps .
Most of the camp buildings were torn down , but some of the building foundations remain .
The Loxahatchee River , which was named a National Wild and Scenic River in 1985 -LRB- the first in Florida -RRB- , runs through the park .
It also has the Elsa Kimbell Environmental Education and Research Center , with exhibits about the park 's natural and cultural history .
The camp stopped being used in 1944 , after only two years .
The park operates a 44-passenger boat for tours of Trapper Nelson 's homestead .
The park is named after Jonathan Dickinson , a Quaker merchant who was shipwrecked in 1696 , with his family and others , on the Florida coast near the present-day park .
The camp included over 1,000 buildings , and housed more than 6,000 officers and soldiers .
A man known as Trapper Nelson lived on the banks of the Loxahatchee River after coming to the area in the 1930s , living off the land trapping and selling furs .
The address is 16450 S.E. Federal Highway , Hobe Sound .
The park has such activities as bicycling , boat tours , boating , cabins , canoeing , fishing , hiking , horse trails , kayaking , picnicking areas , swimming , wildlife viewing and full camping facilities .
The United States Army established Camp Murphy , a top-secret radar training school , in the area that is now the park , in 1942 .
The property was given to the State of Florida in 1947 , and opened as a state park in 1950 .
Dollman died on 21 March 1942 when he was 65 years old . .
Dollman 's Tree Mouse and Dollman 's Vlei Rat are named after him .
In February 1907 , when he was still a student , he was employed by the Department of Zoology at the British Museum -LRB- Natural History -RRB- . He he spent most of his working life there as Assistant Keeper of Mammals .
Guy Dollman was the eldest son of the artist John Charles Dollman . He was born on 4 September 1886 and went to St Paul 's School .
He was injured in a bomb accident so he did not fight in the First World War . .
He joined the British Army in 1915 , and obtained a commission in the 19th London Regiment .
Captain John Guy Dollman BA , FLS -LRB- 1886-1942 -RRB- -LRB- who was known as Guy Dollman -RRB- was a British zoologist and taxonomist .
In 1912 , on an expedition to Vietnam , he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur .
Dimmu Borgir is a black metal band founded in 1993 in Norway .
It has six rows of black spines . It has a pair of long , clubbed spines on the head .
There is a butterfly similar to the Variegated Fritillary . It is the Mexican Fritillary -LRB- Euptoieta hegesia -RRB- .
The chrysalis is shiny white with small black spots . It has a variable amount of brown markings and has orange and gold projections .
Their flight is low and fast , and they are hard to approach . Its genus name was taken from the Greek word euptoietos meaning `` easily scared '' .
This species may be seen flying from April-October in the south . It flies in the north from summer to early fall .
Variegated Fritillaries use passionflowers as a host plant . Because of this , Variegated Fritillaries have taxonomic links to the heliconians .
The underside of the fore wing is orange .
The Variegated Fritillary -LRB- Euptoieta claudia -RRB- is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
The fore wing and hind wing have a row of submarginal black spots and black median lines running across the wings .
The hind wing is mottled with browns and grays . There is a pale postmedian band -LRB- postmedian means just outward of the median -RRB- .
In many individuals , the white is more noticeable than the black .
This butterfly is found in different kinds of habitats . It can by found in clover fields , alfalfa fields , fields , pastures , waste areas , roadsides , and mountain meadows .
The Variegated Fritillary is closely related to butterflies in the genus Speyeria .
The upper side of the wings is orange and black .
Adults overwinter in the south and fly north each spring and summer .
It has 2-3 broods per year .
The caterpillar eats the leaves , flowers , and stems of the food plant .
Females lay their eggs singly on the host plant 's leaves and stems . The eggs are pale green or cream colored .
There is no silvering .
Some of the differences are : Variegated Fritillaries have 2-3 broods per year vs. one per year in Speyeria . They travel more vs. staying in the same place .
The upper side of its hind wing has more orange . The underside of its wings is plainer , with no submarginal spots or median black lines .
Nevada is a city of Iowa in the United States .
It can be used to create lists of verses , eg .
Exodus ; produces : Exodus ;
This template is used to provide sources for Bible verse references .
An alternative version of this template is available that does not include the book name : Template : Bibleverse-nb .
Note , though , that if no book number is relevant , the blank argument must be there -LRB- see Genesis example below -RRB- .
A list of sources and codes that may be used to trigger them is at http://bibref.hebtools.com#srcref
Northwest or north west is the direction halfway between North and West on a compass .
It is the opposite of Southeast .
Jay Dee Bentley -LRB- born June 6 , 1964 in Wichita , Kansas -RRB- is the bassist and co-founding member of the punk rock group Bad Religion .
He has played with the band through its whole existence with a small break between 1982 and 1986 .
Akira Kawaguchi -LRB- born 24 January 1967 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Dwyane Tyrone Wade -LRB- born January 17 , 1982 -RRB- is an American basketball player .
Reiner 's father is Carl Reiner .
He studied at AlcalÃ de Henares , joined the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy on November 4 1600 , and entered the Monastery of San AntolÃ n at Guadalajara , Spain on January 21 1601 .
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Stax Records is an American record company , originally based in Memphis , Tennessee .
Mennevret is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Manchester Ship Canal is a wide , 36 m long , river navigation in North West England , opened on 21 May 1894 .
Nigel Hawthorne that portrays this character won the BAFTA Award for Best Light Entertainment Performance four times : 1981 , 1982 , 1986 and 1987 .
Sir Humphrey Appleby , GCB , KBE , MVO , MA -LRB- Oxon -RRB- , is a character in the British television series Yes , Minister and Yes , Prime Minister .
In Yes Minister , he is the Permanent Secretary for the Department of Administrative Affairs -LRB- a fictional department of the British government -RRB- .
In the last episode of Yes , Minister , `` Party Games '' , he becomes Cabinet Secretary , the position he retains during Yes , Prime Minister .
He was played by Sir Nigel Hawthorne .
Its President is Giorgio Napolitano and its Prime Minister is Silvio Berlusconi .
The population of Italy is a little over 58 million . About 2.7 million of them live in Rome , and 1.3 million in Milan .
He was in movies such as Re-Animator , Bad Dreams , The Prophecy II , Out of Time , Bride of Re-Animator and the television series Dark Justice .
Bruce Abbott -LRB- born 28 July 1954 in Portland , Oregon -RRB- is an American actor .
These may use Latin , Semitic or Germanic suffixes , such as :
United Statian is not used in English , but it exists in Spanish -LRB- estadounidense -RRB- , French -LRB- Ã tatsunien -LRB- ne -RRB- -RRB- , Portuguese -LRB- estado-unidense or estadunidense -RRB- , Italian -LRB- statunitense -RRB- , and also in Interlingua -LRB- statounitese -RRB- .
The most common is to add a suffix to the end of the location 's name .
The English language has many ways to create demonyms .
US American -LRB- for the noun -RRB- and US-American can be used , and is a common demonym in German -LRB- US-Amerikaner -RRB- .
Aphrodite journeys to Dione 's side after she has been wounded in battle while protecting her favorite son Aeneas .
Dione in Greek mythology is a vague goddess presence who has her most concrete was the mother of Aphrodite . Zeus was the father are stories about Dione are in the Iliad by Homer .
Rietheim is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The main event and featured match on the SmackDown brand was Edge versus The Undertaker for the World Heavyweight Championship , which Undertaker won by forcing Edge to submit with the Gogoplata .
According to WWE Magazine , the amount of pyrotechnics used would be ten times that of the amount used on Raw .
Back in the ring , Michaels tried to go for his Sweet Chin Music , but stopped in the process and Flair capitalized by trapping him in his figure four leglock .
The construction finished on March 29 .
Thus , Big Show was knocked out as he could not answer the referee 's ten count and Mayweather was declared the winner .
The next match which was billed as a `` Battle for Brand Supremacy '' , was between SmackDown 's Batista and Raw 's Umaga .
The night after on Raw , after Cena argued that he should have another WWE Championship match , Raw General Manager William Regal said that Cena would face Orton later in the night with the stipulation being if Cena won , he would be added to the WrestleMania match between Triple H and Orton , making it a Triple Threat match .
Finlay was accompanied to the ring by his returning `` son '' Hornswoggle , who was injured at the hands of JBL a few weeks ago on Raw .
Instead of challenging Randy Orton for the title at WrestleMania , he wanted to challenge him at No Way Out , the next pay-per-view .
It will also be the first WWE show to be released on the Blu-ray Disc format by WWE Home Video .
After getting up on his feet with a worried face , Michaels said to Flair `` I 'm sorry , I love you '' , before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 36-year long wrestling career .
In that same issue , an initial design of the ring setup was revealed showing a bigger rig surrounding the tarpaulin rig , with lighting and two giant screens attached .
In the second shortest match in WrestleMania history , Kane instantly pinned Chavo after a Chokeslam and won the ECW Championship in eight seconds .
At the start of the match , both superstars engaged in a series of counters , and then Flair shoved Michaels in a corner , making `` Old Yeller '' comments to him .
During the match , when Triple H had held Orton in a sleeper hold , Cena picked up both Orton and Triple H for an FU , but Triple H dropped down and low blowed him .
With the Citrus Bowl 's locker rooms on the south side and the entrance set on the north side , a tented 40,000 ftÂ mini-city outside the north end served as the show 's backstage area and included air conditioning , trailers , VIP areas , showers and restrooms .
As Flair was delivering chops to Michaels , the latter hit a second Sweet Chin Music .
The steel beams for the structure were custom built in Belgium and shipped over to Orlando .
Michaels then , trapped Flair in his modified figure four leglock , but Flair delivered a thumb to the eye to Michaels to break the submission .
The match had many spots , which included JBL hitting Finlay with a trash can lid when the latter was about to perform a suicide dive on him through the ropes on the outside .
Early in the match , Mayweather repeatedly escaped Big Show 's grasp and delivered body shots to him .
Capitalizing from this distraction , Mayweather grabbed that chair and hit Big Show multiple times on the head with it .
The main match on the Raw brand was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between Randy Orton , Triple H , and John Cena , which Orton won by pinning Cena .
WrestleMania XXIV was the first WrestleMania event to be filmed in high-definition .
On February 18 2008 WWE said using its website that the fourth annual Money in the Bank ladder match would take place at WrestleMania XXIV , with superstars competing from Raw , SmackDown and ECW .
Mayweather and his accomplices tried to `` walk out '' of the match , but Big Show walked up the ramp and brought Mayweather back in the ring .
The match 's finish came when Triple H countered Cena 's FU into a Pedigree , but when he covered Cena , Orton punted on Triple H 's head and himself pinned Cena to retain his WWE Championship .
Later on , Finlay tossed JBL through the table that he had set up earlier on the turnbuckle .
Development on the set design began in the middle of 2007 .
Orton then tried to RKO Cena , but he countered and threw Orton onto Triple H. Then , Triple H started targeting Orton 's legs and using some submissions on him .
The main match on the ECW brand was Chavo Guerrero against Kane for the ECW Championship , which Kane won by pinfall after performing a chokeslam .
Later , Carlito and Kennedy flipped Benjamin off a ladder , sending him crashing through another ladder set-up between the barricade and the ring apron .
Also , Orton delivered a double elevated DDT from the second rope to both Cena and Triple H simultaneously .
But in the end , when Umaga tried to go for a Samoan Spike , Batista countered the attempt and delivered a spinebuster to Umaga .
Hence , Umaga started targeting Batista 's injured back .
The Central Florida Sports Commission thought that the event created many jobs , and brought around 60,000 visitors to the city for the event .
As the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors the whole time , WWE chairman Vince McMahon early on said that the show will go on , no matter what the weather is .
The set design for the entrance stage was at the north end of the stadium and consisted of another steel structure with various video screens hanging from it .
After the match , Triple H , who was the Special Guest referee , executed a Pedigree to both Cena and Orton .
If Orton won , however , the main event would stay as Orton versus Triple H. Cena won the match , pinning Orton after executing an FU .
For his entrance , Cena had a marching band perform an instrumental version of his theme song `` The Time Is Now '' live .
As Big Show was about to chokeslam Mayweather , one of Mayweather 's accomplices struck a steel chair on Big Show 's back , and the latter chokeslammed him in retaliation .
An emotional Flair embraced his family at ringside and then , as he proceeded to go backstage , thanked the crowd for their support .
Up to seven generators were used to power up the show .
The next match of the evening was the fourth-yearly Money in the Bank ladder match , featuring Chris Jericho , Mr. Kennedy and Carlito from the Raw brand ; CM Punk , Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand ; and Montel Vontavious Porter -LRB- MVP -RRB- from the SmackDown brand .
At the Royal Rumble in January , John Cena won the Royal Rumble match by last eliminating Triple H to become the number one contender to the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXIV .
The sixth match was the Playboy BunnyMania Lumberjack match , in which Maria and Ashley faced Beth Phoenix and Melina , who were accompanied to the ring by Santino Marella .
Without the restriction of a roof , the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as 2,000 ft as compared to WrestleMania 23 's height of 150 ft. . The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby the stadium .
During the celebration , a hot cable for pyrotechnics was sent flying into audience members in the upper seating bowl of the stadium , leaving 45 injured with some hospitalized .
The ring itself was built on the 50-yard line of the Citrus Bowl to give the best view for fans .
In his return promo , Big Show threatened to give Rey Mysterio a Chokeslam .
Orton dominated the match for some time . One hightlight of the match featured Orton performing a crossbody from the top rope on Cena , while the latter was held on Triple H 's shoulders in an electric chair position .
After the match , Snoop Dogg clotheslined Marella in the ring and kissed Maria , before leaving with her and Ashley .
The main event and last match of the night was Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against the number one contender The Undertaker .
At No Way Out , Orton got himself intentionally disqualified by slapping the referee , thus keeping the WWE Championship .
Professional boxer Floyd Mayweather , Jr. , who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio 's , came to his aid and confronted Big Show .
The first match that was shown live on pay-per-view was a Belfast Brawl between Finlay and John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield .
Tickets went on sale to the public on November 3 2007 .
Finally , Mayweather removed his right glove and put on a pair of brass knuckles to hit Big Show in the face .
Early in the match , both Batista and Umaga exchanged blows and Batista threw Umaga outside with a shoulder block .
Ric Flair put his career on the line next against Shawn Michaels .
Heavy-duty plastic flooring had been put over the field , to protect the turf , provide seating and serve as the steel structures ' foundation .
Afterwards , Michaels finally delivered a Sweet Chin Music to Flair , but the latter kicked out to the pinfall attempt .
After the match , Michaels left quickly and Flair got a standing ovation from the crowd .
Numerous other roads were also closed to allow trucks and fork lifts to move in mega equipment for the event .
The winner will get a contract to challenge for any of the three WWE World Championships -LRB- the WWE Championship of Raw , the World Heavyweight Championship of SmackDown , or the ECW Championship -RRB- at any time and any place over a one-year period .
As soon as Morrison started to climb a ladder , see-sawing with another ladder , Jericho flipped the other one and Morrison landed on the ring-ropes groin-first .
After the show , WWE was criticized for a malfunction in the pyrotechnics during The Undertaker 's victory celebration .
It took place on March 30 , 2008 at the Citrus Bowl in Orlando , Florida .
On the February 25 2008 edition of Raw , 2008 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee Ric Flair challenged Shawn Michaels to a match at WrestleMania , which the latter accepted after some reluctance , knowing that Flair 's career will be on the line .
Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage .
WWE decided not to fill his spot with another superstar , making this year 's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to only have 7 participants .
Attacking Finlay 's knee with a kendo stick , JBL then quickly hit a Clothesline from Hell to score a successful pinfall .
In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine , WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain .
In the end , Jericho and Punk fought each other on a ladder , but Punk trapped Jericho 's one leg in the ladder 's steps and himself retrieved the contract briefcase to win the match .
100 people worked 16 hours a day to construct the set for the event .
It was the first WrestleMania to be held in the state of Florida , and the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors the whole time , the other being WrestleMania IX .
WWE 's corporate website released a statement afterwards stating that they will investigate the incident .
Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after hitting him with his Batista Bomb .
The next match was the No Disqualification match between The Big Show and Floyd Mayweather , Jr. .
The bigger rig was dropped from the final design with the lighting and video screens now featuring on the tarpaulin rig as well as the sound system .
In response , Raw commentator Jerry Lawler approached and knocked Marella down with a punch .
Due to some technical difficulties , the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match .
Big Show then got on his knees to allow Mayweather to punch him , which Mayweather did , by hitting him with many different punches , which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth .
During an interview , WWE production manager Brian Petree mentioned that video reinforcement should prevent anyone from being obstructed by the steel structure .
The fourth match for the event featured Chavo Guerrero defending his ECW Championship against Kane .
When MVP was close of finding the contract briefcase , Matt Hardy returned to action through the crowd , entered the ring and delivered the Twist of Fate to MVP off the ladder .
Also at No Way Out , Triple H became the new number one contender to the WWE Championship at WrestleMania by winning against five other men in an Elimination Chamber match .
For the second year in a row , WrestleMania broke the record for the highest-grossing pay-per-view in WWE history and for the Citrus Bowl , grossing in $ 5.85 million in ticket sales .
Main matches on the undercard included Floyd Mayweather , Jr. versus The Big Show in a No Disqualification match , an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match , and Ric Flair versus Shawn Michaels .
Near the end , a pin attempt by Maria was prevented when Santino pulled Maria 's leg .
In retaliation , Michaels slapped Flair in the face , which caused him to start bleeding from the mouth .
WrestleMania XXIV was the twenty-fourth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
Flair also said that `` it would be an honor for him to retire at the hands of Shawn Michaels . ''
Snoop Dogg served as the official `` Master of Ceremonies '' for this match .
WWE has been said to have spent an estimated $ 300,000 on the fireworks alone .
As a consequence , the road next to the north end zone , W. Church Street , was closed down until a day after the event .
The main feud heading into WrestleMania on the Raw brand was between Randy Orton , John Cena , and Triple H , with the three feuding over the WWE Championship .
Early in the match , Morrison climbed a turnbuckle and performed a moonsault on others outside while holding a ladder against his chest .
Orton then tried to RKO Cena , but he countered and threw Orton onto Triple H. Then , Triple H started targeting Orton 's legs and using some submissions on him . The match 's finish came when Triple H countered Cena 's FU into a Pedigree , but when he covered Cena , Orton punted on Triple H 's head and himself pinned Cena to retain his WWE Championship .
Then , at one point , when Mr. Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder , Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one , and performed a flip powerbomb on Kennedy , who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder .
The next night on Raw , the Big Show challenged Mayweather to a match , which Mayweather accepted .
Umaga later delivered a high-impact kick to Batista , which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron .
The accident was apparently due to a cable which fireworks were traveling across snapping , thus resulting in the fireworks exploding into the top rows of the upper bowl of the stadium .
The building of the actual set began in the middle of March .
Hornswoggle would also get involved during the match , hitting JBL 's with a kendo stick while later on he would get attacked by JBL with a trash can thrown at him .
Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match next .
Murray Gold -LRB- born 1969 in Portsmouth -RRB- is an English composer for stage , film , and television .
A.C. Legnano is a football club which plays in Italy .
HÃ lsingland is a province of Sweden .
Scott Bakula -LRB- October 9 , 1954 -RRB- is an American actor . He is best known for his roles on the television shows , Quantum Leap and Star Trek : Enterprise .
She has won multiple Emmy awards , Grammy awards and Golden Globe awards .
Barbra Streisand -LRB- born April 24 , 1942 in Brooklyn , New York -RRB- is an American singer , actress , producer , and director .
La Villette , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Korean Wikipedia is the Korean-language edition of Wikipedia .
has over 150,000 articles .
Cadenazzo is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona , in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Rigby is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Kopan has become famous for teaching Buddhism to visiting Western foreigners .
The monastery was established by the FPMT founders , Lamas Thubten Yeshe and Thubten Zopa Rinpoche , who bought the property from Nepal 's royal astrologer in 1969 .
Its name comes from the name of the hill on which it was built .
The first of what would become annual month-long -LRB- November-December -RRB- meditation courses was held in 1971 .
These courses generally combine traditional Lam Rim teachings with informal discussion , several periods of guided meditation , and a vegetarian diet .
It belongs to the FPMT , an international network of Gelugpa dharma centers , and once served as its headquarters .
Kopan Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery near Boudhanath , on the outskirts of Kathmandu , Nepal .
Berson , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It currently can seat 92,012 people , and is the fourth largest stadium in the SEC , the eleventh largest stadium in the United States and the 17th largest non-racing stadium by seating in the world .
The stadium opened in 1929 , and was first named Denny Stadium , in honor of former Alabama president George Hutchenson Denny .
The stadium 's name was changed to Bryant-Denny Stadium in 1975 to honor Alabama coach Paul `` Bear '' Bryant .
Bryant-Denny Stadium , located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , is the home stadium for the University of Alabama college football team .
Mount Elbrus is a peak located in the western Caucasus mountains , in Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia , Russia , near the border of Georgia .
Turkestan -LRB- also spelled as Turkistan or TÃ 1\/4 rkistan -RRB- means `` Land of the Turks '' , and is a region in Central Asia .
Robert Esche -LRB- born January 22 , 1978 in Whitesboro , New York -RRB- is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Kontinental Hockey League 's St. Petersburg SKA .
Pugnac is a commune . It is found in the Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Pugnac is a commune .
Her husband married again to Marie Jeanne of Savoy by whom he had a son .
She grew up in the company of her sisters at the ChÃ cents teau de Blois .
The couple met for the first time at Annecy on 3 April 1663 where they were married officially .
She was the favorite sister of La Grande Mademoiselle .
She was buried at Turin Cathedral where she rests today .
FranÃ oise Madeleine d'Orl Ã ans -LRB- 13 October 1648 -- 14 January 1664 -RRB- was born at the ChÃ cents teau de Saint Germain en Laye and was the youngest surviving daughter of Gaston of OrlÃ ans and his second wife Marguerite of Lorraine .
OrlÃ ans married the Duke of Savoy by proxy at the Palais du Louvre on 4 March 1663 .
From birth , she was styled Mademoiselle de Valois .
The homesick princess soon died at the Royal Palace of Turin childless at the age of 15 .
Hiroshi Ninomiya -LRB- born 13 February 1937 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The University of Tennessee is a public land-grant university in Knoxville , Tennessee .
Atomic City was once called Midway .
The town had a bigger population when the nearby DOE site was bigger .
Atomic City is a settlement in Idaho in the United States .
This might have been because the town is halfway between the towns of Blackfoot and Arco .
RÃ 1\/4 ti is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
The area that makes up the city of Augusta includes almost all of Richmond County , except for the towns of Hephzibah and Blythe .
The city is famous for its golf course , the Augusta National Golf Club which is home to the first major golf tournament of each year , The Masters .
The city was named for Augusta , Princess of Wales , daughter-in-law of King George II of Great Britain and mother of King George III of Great Britain .
It was the second state capital of Georgia from 1785 until 1795
In 1996 , the governments of the City of Augusta and Richmond County combined to form the Augusta-Richmond County .
Commonwealth countries which use this rank are Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan , India , Singapore , Sri Lanka and Kenya .
A midshipman is an officer cadet , or a commissioned officer . They are the lowest rank of officer in the Royal Navy , United States Navy , and many Commonwealth navies .
Before 1968 , it was used by the Royal Canadian Navy . But it was replaced with that of naval cadet upon the making of the Canadian Forces .
Before 1968 , it was used by the Royal Canadian Navy .
Punch Brothers is an American bluegrass band . Its members include Chris Thile -LRB- mandolin -RRB- , Gabe Witcher -LRB- fiddle -RRB- , Chris Eldridge -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Greg Garrison -LRB- bass -RRB- , and Noam Pikelny -LRB- banjo -RRB- .
Saint Mirren Football Club is a Scottish professional football club based in Paisley , Renfrewshire .
St. Mirren play in the Scottish Premier League , having been promoted from the First Division in 2005-06 .
In order by number of people , the largest cities in Argentina are Buenos Aires , CÃ rdoba , Rosario , Mendoza , La Plata , TucumÃ n , Mar del Plata , Salta , Santa Fe , and BahÃ a Blanca .
Argentina is located between the Andes mountain range in the west and the southern Atlantic Ocean in the east and south .
It also claims the Falkland Islands -LRB- Spanish : Islas Malvinas -RRB- and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
It is bordered by Paraguay and Bolivia in the north , Brazil and Uruguay in the northeast , and Chile in the west and south .
Conjoined twins , also known as Siamese Twins are twins whose bodies are joined together at birth .
The overall survival rate for conjoined twins is between 5 % and 25 % .
Conjoined twins are more likely to be female -LRB- 70-75 % -RRB- . Daisy and Violet Hilton are a famous pair of conjoined twins .
David Herman was born in New York City and raised in Washington Heights .
He is also known for his voice roles on television programs such as Futurama , and King of the Hill .
Earlier , Herman had joined the cast of John Leguizamo 's House of Buggin in 1994 ; however , that show was short-lived .
David Herman is an American actor , comedian and voice actor best known as an original cast member of MADtv and for his role as Michael Bolton in Office Space .
Herman appeared in the films Born on the Fourth of July , Lost Angels and Let It Be Me , but he is probably best known for his role as Michael Bolton in Mike Judge 's Office Space .
When FOX decided to mount a sketch comedy show to replace House of Buggin , Herman was kept on as an original MADtv cast member .
He graduated from the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in 1987 , then attended the acting program at SUNY Purchase .
The United States Atomic Energy Commission was an agency of the United States government , started after World War II by the United States Congress . It was made to help the development of atomic science and technology .
This was because the control of atomic energy was with the people after president Harry S. Truman signed the McMahon\/Atomic Energy Act in 1946 .
A cameo role or cameo appearance -LRB- often shortened to just cameo -RRB- is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts , such as plays , films , video games and television .
Such a role needs not be filled by an actor : short appearances by film directors , politicians , athletes , and other celebrities are common .
Millersburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Zeb is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Christian Obodo -LRB- born 11 May 1984 -RRB- is a Nigerian football player .
Stralsund is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , Germany , situated at the southern coast of the Strelasund -LRB- a sound of the Baltic Sea separating the island of RÃ 1\/4 gen from the mainland -RRB- .
In 1293 Stralsund became a member of the Hanseatic League .
From 1949 until German Reunification in 1990 , Stralsund was part of the German Democratic Republic .
Palpatine -LRB- also known as the Emperor and Darth Sidious -RRB- is a character from the Star Wars universe .
Paramore started recording their second album , called Riot !
But we never for a second thought about leaving any of this behind ... ''
In the middle of those problems , Paramore recorded the music video for `` That 's What You Get '' , the album 's fourth single , which was then released on March 24 , 2008 .
Paramore also released `` Pressure '' as their first single , with a music video directed by Shane Drake , but the song had failed to get into the charts .
They have released three studio albums â `` All We Know Is Falling , RIOT !
was certified gold in the US .
For the last year it has n't seemed as if they wanted to be around anymore .
Williams wrote on the band 's website that `` the break will give that band a chance to get away and work out our personal issues '' .
The name `` Paramore '' came from the name of their first bassist 's mother .
Paramore is an American Alternative rock band formed in 2004 in Franklin , Tennessee .
We want Josh and Zac to do something that makes them happy and if that is n't here with us , then we support them finding happiness elsewhere .
On May 19 , 2008 , Paramore post on their website tell that they 'll be going on tour named `` The Final Riot ! ''
Hayley Williams invited as guest vocals for the songs `` The Church Channel '' and `` Plea '' for the Say Anything 's album In Defense of the Genre that released on October 23 , 2007 .
The post stated , '' ... A couple of months ago , Josh and Zac let us know they would be leaving the band after our show in Orlando last Sunday .
Then , when they know the meaning of the word `` paramor '' that means `` secret lover '' , they decided to use the name under Paramore spelling .
The post that Josh wrote was entirely different from the band 's post . He said that the band was no more than `` a manufactured product of a major-label . ''
None of us were really shocked .
The band started shoot the music video in October 13 . The video premiered on November 3 , 2008 .
MTV.com reported rumors of problems had started earlier in the month when Josh Farro expressed his anger against the media 's focus on Hayley Williams .
Recording took three weeks , and promotional material for the album only featured the four remaining members .
in January 2007 . In the recording process , guitarist Josh Farro was played all guitar parts on the album due to Hunter Lamb 's departure .
on November 25 , 2008 , Paramore released a live album named The Final Riot ! .
On March 21 , 2011 , Paramore said that they were about to entering a studio in Los Angeles with producer Rob Cavallo to record their next studio-album .
The second single from `` Riot ! ''
He also blame Hayley Williams because treating the rest of the group member as her solo project .
They are `` Ignorance '' , `` Brick By Boring Brick '' , `` The Only Exception '' , `` Careful '' , and `` Playing God '' .
The music video of `` Crushcrushcrush '' featured Paramore playing the song in a desert being spied by some people , and later crushed their equipment .
entered the Billboard 200 at number 20 and the UK charts at number 24 . The album sold 44,000 copies on its first week in the United States .
The first single from the album , `` Misery Business '' , released June 21 , 2007 . Based on Williams , '' -LRB- the song was -RRB- more honest than anything I 've ever written , and the guys matched that emotion musically . ''
On February 2 , 2011 , Josh Farro confirmed that he is now in the new band called Novel American .
The single was released in the United States on November 19 and made available in the United Kingdom on November 12 , 2007 .
The album artwork also describe that concept . Hayley Williams explains , `` The couch on the cover of All We Know is Falling with no one there and the shadow walking away ; it 's all about Jeremy leaving us and us feeling like there 's an empty space . ''
All We Know Is Falling released on July 24 , 2005 .
Paramore went to Orlando , Florida to start working on their first album . But shortly after , Jeremy Davis left the band due to personal reasons .
The album gives a bonus DVD with a full concert recorded in Chicago and behind the scenes documentary .
Early of February 2008 , Paramore started their Europe tour . However on February 21 , 2008 , they said that they had canceled some shows to fix their personal issues .
is called `` Hallelujah '' and released on July 30 , 2007 . The single is only available on UK television and online .
They choose `` Riot '' as the album title because it meant `` a sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion '' .
Now , they are consist of 3 member - singer Hayley Williams , bassist Jeremy Davis , and guitarist Taylor York .
on June 12 , 2007 .
In release of Twilight film , the band contribute 2 songs to the film 's soundtrack . Those songs is `` Decode '' and `` I Caught Myself '' .
Paramore released their third studio album called `` Brand New Eyes '' on September 29 , 2009 .
The music video features live performances and backstage footage , just like All We Know .
In July , they released the second single , called `` Emergency '' . In the music video , Hunter Lamb showed up as their new rhythm-guitarist , replacing Jason Bynum .
The third single , `` All We Know '' , was released with the video made by compile their live performances and backstage footage .
Paramore were originally formed in 2004 in Franklin , Tennessee , United States by vocalist Hayley Williams , lead-guitarist Josh Farro , drummer Zac Farro , and bassist Jeremy Davis , with the later addition of rhythm-guitarist Jason Bynum .
On 9 of April 2009 , The Final Riot !
The music video for `` Crushcrushcrush '' was released on October 11 , 2007 , as the third single from Riot ! .
since July 25 up to September 1 .
Little Anthony and the Imperials were an African-American vocal group of the 1950s and 1960s .
Their lead singer was `` Little Anthony '' Gourdine .
Hamoir is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Paraguay -LRB- officially the Republic of Paraguay or Republica del Paraguay -RRB- is a small country in South America .
Paraguay -LRB- officially the Republic of Paraguay or Republica del Paraguay -RRB- is a small country in South America . It is landlocked , meaning that it does not touch the ocean .
It is bordered to the North and East by Brazil , the West by Bolivia , and the South and Southeast by Argentina .
The city is located between the southwestern Ridge-and-valley Appalachians and the foot of Walden 's Ridge .
Chattanooga is located in the south-east of the Tennessee .
The most well known natural feature near Chattanooga is the Tennessee River and the surrounding highlands .
Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in Tennessee , a state in the United States of America . Cities larger than it are Memphis - the largest ; Nashville - the capital of the state ; and Knoxville .
The United States Census Bureau say that the city has a total area of 143.2 square miles -LRB- 370.8 kmÂ -RRB- . This is made up of 135.2 square miles -LRB- 350.2 kmÂ -RRB- of land , and 8.0 square miles -LRB- 20.6 kmÂ -RRB- of water -LRB- 5.56 % of the total area -RRB- .
Navbahor Namangan is a football club which plays in Uzbekistan .
L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
The species are most often found in thin woods and in granite and limestone soils .
Blephilia hirsuta and Blephilia ciliata are considered threatened or endangered in some states .
They are all herbaceous plants native to eastern North America .
Blephilia -LRB- Downy Pagoda Plant or Wood Mint -RRB- is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
His most famous poems are Satan -LRB- in Persian : Ebleess -RRB- , Mother -LRB- in Persian : Maadar -RRB- , Woman 's picture -LRB- in Persian Tassvir-e-Zan -RRB- , Story of the Hijab -LRB- in Persian Daastan-e-Chaador -RRB- and the story of Zohreh and Manouchehr -LRB- in Persian Daastan e Zohreh o Manouchehr -RRB- .
His tomb is in Shemiran , north of Tehran .
Port Orange is a city of Florida in the United States .
River Plate F.C. is a former football club which has played in Uruguay .
Cierges is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
La BretonniÃ re-la-Claye is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Gran Colombia was a country formed after Colombia , Venezuela , Ecuador , and Panama declared independence .
These countries were part of Gran Colombia .
Governance is different from politics .
DeBary is a city of Florida in the United States .
An escalator is a moving staircase â `` a conveyor transport device for carrying people between floors of a building .
The device consists of a motor-driven chain of individual , linked steps that move up or down on tracks , allowing the step treads to remain horizontal .
Sodium phosphide is a chemical compound . It contains sodium and phosphide ions .
Edward Lodewijk `` Eddie '' Van Halen -LRB- born January 26 , 1955 -RRB- is a Dutch-born American guitarist , keyboardist , songwriter and producer . He is most famous as the guitarist and co-founder of the hard rock band Van Halen .
Yasumasa Nishino -LRB- born 14 September 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
It began production in September 2009 and was released on September 28 , 2010 .
Sintel goes to looks for Scales .
The online release was made available for download on September 30 , 2010 .
It lies two miles south of Manchester City Centre and is bisected east\/west by the Wilmslow Road and north\/south by the former Fallowfield Loop railway line , now a cycle path .
Fallowfield is an area of the city of Manchester , England .
Championnat National is a football league which is third division in France .
Singaporean English mainly comes from British English The forms of English spoken in Singapore range from Standard English to a pidgin called Singlish .
The Singapore government has chosen four official languages : English , Malay , Chinese -LRB- Mandarin -RRB- , and Tamil .
Singapore 's currency is the Singapore dollar . The short name for the Singapore dollar is SGD .
Brunei dollar can be used in Singapore , because they have the same value .
Malay is a national language of Singapore because of the history of the city .
The national anthem `` Majulah Singapura '' is sung in Malay .
Singapore is also known for Singlish , or Singaporean English , which is English mixed with some words from Malay and other local languages .
Most younger Singaporeans do not speak them anymore .
The Singapore government and many Singaporeans are against using Singlish .
Alembon is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Since this value is near the approximate diameter of Ananke itself , it is likely the parent body was not heavily disrupted .
Their semi-major axes -LRB- distances from Jupiter -RRB- range between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , their inclinations between 145.7 Â and 154.8 Â , and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28 .
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
The International Astronomical Union -LRB- IAU -RRB- reserves names ending in - e for all retrograde moons , including this group 's members .
The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and broken apart by a collision .
The eatable root of zedoary has a white core and an aroma like the mango ; however , its taste is more similar to ginger , except with a very bitter aftertaste .
Zedoary has been used to treat coronary heart disease , liver cancer , anemia , chronic pelvic inflammation and helps prevent leukopenia due to cancer therapies .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines .
In Indonesia , it is ground to a powder and added to curry pastes , whereas in India , it tends to be used fresh or in pickling .
The penny sterling -LRB- plural pence -RRB- is a subdivision of Pound sterling , the currency for the United Kingdom .
Jette is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region .
Climate change means the variation in the Earth 's global climate or in regional climates over time .
In recent usage , especially in the context of environmental policy , climate change usually refers to changes in modern climate -LRB- see global warming -RRB- .
It runs from 19:00 to about 04:00 each night , in order to share terrestrial digital bandwidth with the CBBC channel .
Nine million people watch BBC Three every week .
As part of the BBC 's discussions with the government in whether the channel could launch originally , a longer news program had been promised to provide a daily section of news and current affairs .
BBC Three is the successor to the similar BBC Choice channel and was launched on 9 February 2003 .
These include John Humphrys , who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to Radio 4 's Today program , which he presents , John Sweeney of Panorama , and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content .
It is presented in a cheeky , relaxed style in keeping with the rest of the channel .
Most recently , it won Broadcast Magazines Digital Channel of the Year Award for Best General Entertainment Channel , and MGEITF Non Terrestrial Channel of the Year .
The channel is aimed at 25-34 year olds , and competes with other digital channels including ITV2 and E4 .
80 % is original , covering all genre : from current affairs , to drama , to comedy to animation .
Its share of the audience during its transmission hours is 2.6 % among 25-34 year olds , and 1.7 % among all individuals .
The channel features hourly news updates called 60 Seconds , which includes the top news , sport and entertainment stories .
It was launched by Stuart Murphy , who previously ran BBC Choice .
The channel has had critical and popular successes , winning more awards in its four year history than its commercial rivals -LRB- Sky One , Living , E4 , ITV2 , Five and Paramount Comedy Channel -RRB- have won in their combined 25-year history .
Despite several official complaints from the BBC , BARB continues to publish figures which the BBC argues are unrepresentative .
The News Show , as it came to be called upon launch was later rebranded The 7 O'Clock News .
In 2008 , BBC Three 's Gavin and Stacey won the BAFTA audience award and the best comedy performance award was awarded to James Corden for his part .
Unlike its commercial rivals , 90 % of BBC Three 's output is from the United Kingdom and other European Union countries .
When the first episode of Torchwood was launched in October 2006 on BBC Three , 2.4 million people watched it . This broke BBC Three 's previous record of 1.8 million , .
In total BBC Three has won 7 BAFTA awards , 5 British Comedy Awards , 15 Royal Television Society Awards and 5 Rose d'Or Awards since the channel was launched in February 2003 .
However , the BBC discontinued the bulletin in 2005 , claiming that in fact , the program 's audiences were minuscule and the output was provided elsewhere on the BBC .
BARB , the official ratings agency , averages out BBC Three 's viewing figures over 24 hours even though the channel only broadcasts in the evening , giving a distorted sense of the channel 's viewership .
The channel has also come in for criticism from several corners , the most prominent of which are some of the BBC 's long-standing presenters .
British Chinese , also Chinese British , Chinese Britons or British-born Chinese -LRB- often informally referred to as BBCs -RRB- are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in the United Kingdom or have moved to the United Kingdom .
It is most often used in arenas for sports that are normally played on grass .
Artificial turf , or synthetic turf , is a man-made -LRB- something made by humans -RRB- surface made from synthetic materials , made to look like natural grass .
However , it is now being used on lawns and in commercial applications as well .
Heinz Strehl -LRB- born 20 July , 1938 -RRB- is a former German football player .
In 1984 Vincent , formed the Glam metal band Vinnie Vincent Invasion , with Vinnie Vincent in guitar , Robert Fleischman vocal , Dana Strum in Bass , and Bobby Rock in Drums . They recorded three albums Vinnie Vincent Invasion -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , All Systems Go -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , and the 1990 unreleased album Pyro Messiah aka Guitars From Hell .
In the decade of 1990 , Vincent was dedicated to his solo career and recorded the album Euphoria , 1996 , with vocalist Robert Fleischman .
Also released the album in the collection Speedball Jamm -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , which were recordings of Vinnie Vincent Invasion , recorded during rehearsals for the band in 1986 .
It is central to the Information Society .
Communication is a fundamental social process , a basic human need and the foundation of all social organization .
Everyone , everywhere should have the opportunity to participate and no one should be excluded from the benefits of the Information Society offers . ''
`` We reaffirm , as an essential foundation of the Information Society , and as outlined in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , that everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ; that this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek , receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers .
The Rupal River is an east-west glacial stream rising from the meltwater of the Rupal Glacier in northern Pakistan .
The stream flows through the Rupal Valley , south of Nanga Parbat , before turning northeast to the village of Tarashing .
The Rupal drains into the Astore River , which eventually reaches the Indus River near Jaglot .
A large area of land or water that contains a geographically distinct assemblage of natural communities that : -LRB- a -RRB- share a large majority of their species and ecological dynamics ; : -LRB- b -RRB- share similar environmental conditions , and ; : -LRB- c -RRB- interact ecologically in ways that are critical for their long-term persistence .
Ecoregions cover relatively large area of land or water , and contain characteristic , geographically distinct natural communities and species .
An ecoregion -LRB- ecological region -RRB- , sometimes called a bioregion , is the next smallest ecologically and geographically defined area beneath `` realm '' or `` ecozone '' .
The Global 200 is the list of ecoregions identified by the World Wide Fund for Nature -LRB- WWF -RRB- as priorities for conservation .
When defined by the World Wide Fund for Nature -LRB- WWF -RRB- , the boundaries of an ecoregion approximate the original extent of the natural communities prior to any major recent disruptions or changes .
The WWF has identified 825 terrestrial ecoregions , and approximately 450 freshwater ecoregions across the Earth .
LINEAR has also found these comets : 11P\/Tempel-Swift-LINEAR , 146P\/Shoemaker-LINEAR , 148P\/Anderson-LINEAR , 156P\/Russell-LINEAR , 158P\/Kowal-LINEAR , 160P\/LINEAR -LRB- LINEAR 43 -RRB- , 165P\/LINEAR -LRB- LINEAR 10 -RRB- , and 176P\/LINEAR .
The LIncoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research -LRB- LINEAR -RRB- project is a project that is used for the finding and tracking of near-Earth asteroids . The project is done together by the United States Air Force , NASA , and MIT 's Lincoln Laboratory .
LINEAR has found 226,193 new objects since it started . Out of those , 2,019 were near-Earth asteroids and 236 were comets .
LINEAR uses robotic telescopes to help them find asteroids .
KÅ chi is famous for its many rivers .
KÅ chi Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located on the south coast of Shikoku .
The capital is the city of KÅ chi .
KÅ chi Prefecture makes up the southwestern part of the island of Shikoku . It faces the Pacific Ocean .
Inamura-yama in Tosa-cho is the highest peak in Kochi prefecture . It is of 1506 meters above sea level .
These sports teams are from KÅ chi .
KÅ chi was called Tosa Province before the Meiji Restoration .
In 1835 , S.D. Poisson further described it under the name `` La loi des grands nombres '' -LRB- The law of large numbers -RRB- .
Other mathematicians also contributed to make the law better . Some of them were Chebyshev , Markov , Borel , Cantelli and Kolmogorov .
Thereafter , it was known under both names , but the `` Law of large numbers '' is most frequently used .
After these studies there are now two different forms of the law : One is called the `` weak '' law and the other the `` strong '' law .
Despite this , it took him over 20 years to develop a good mathematical proof . Once he had found it , he published the proof in Ars Conjectandi -LRB- The Art of Conjecturing -RRB- in 1713 .
He named this his `` Golden Theorem '' . It became generally known as `` Bernoulli 's Theorem '' -LRB- not to be confused with the Law in Physics with the same name . -RRB-
Stiles are , of course , a problem for people who are disabled .
Screamers was released in early 2007 in select theaters and there is a DVD release scheduled for June 26 , 2007 .
This joint production with System of a Down shows genocides through the 20th\/21st centuries , although with a main focus on the Armenian Genocide of 1915 .
Also mentioned are the Jewish Holaucaust , the Rwandan Genocide , the genocide in the Darfour region .
The movie consists of a tour with System and with cut scenes of genocides .
Heesters has two daughters from his first marriage and five grandchildren , eleven great-grandchildren , twenty-five great-greatgrandchildren and one great-great-greatgrandson as of 2011 .
Johannes Heesters -LRB- born 5 December 1903 -RRB- is a Dutch actor , singer , and entertainer .
Breese is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Linear search or sequential search is an algorithm to find an item in a list .
Currently Bala Prajapathi Adikalar , one of descendant of Payyan dynasty is said to be as the leader of Ayyavazhi .
To the Ayyavazhi devotees , there are five holy places , called Pathis , with `` Panchappathis '' as the most important .
Although the majority of these followers were from the Chanar cast , apart from Ayyavazhi sources , some outer sources too says that a large number of people from other castes also followed this religion .
The list of Pathis announced by the headquarters of Ayyavazhi does not add Avatharappathi .
The five Citars , who were the deciples of Ayya Vaikundar , and their descendants traveled to several parts of the country and carried the mission of Ayyavazhi .
At that time the Payyan dynasty started ruling of Swamithoppe pathi , while other Pathis came under the control of the followers of Ayya .
By the middle of nineteenth century , Ayyavazhi had come to be recognized as a separate religion , grown well in the region of South Travancore and South Tirunelveli .
à à à à 3\/4 à à à -LRB- Tamil : `` path of the father '' -RRB- , is a religion with one god that started in South India in the middle of the 19th century .
Mesnil-Lettre is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The river passes then through the Damaan plain in Kulachi Tehsil and later on through Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil , It then joins the Indus River 20 miles south of Dera Ismail Khan
It is mainly here that the water of Gomal is used to cultivate the lands in Gomal Valley through Zam system -LRB- Rod Kohi -RRB- .
From South Waziristan , the river enters the Gomal Valley in district Tank NWFP at a place known as Girdavi , Murtuza which is inhabited by the Miani tribe .
Within Pakistan , the Gomal river surrounds South Waziristan agency , forms the boundary between the North-West Frontier Province and Balochistan .
An air door or air curtain is a machine used for separating two spaces from each other .
The most common setup for air curtains is a downward-facing blower fan placed over an opening .
It also helps keep outside air out , avoiding cold winds by mixing-in warm air from the air curtain .
The fan must be powerful enough to generate a jet of air that can reach the floor .
The word hypothalamus is a Greek word which means `` under the thalamus '' ; it is used because hypothalamus is located below the thalamus , and above the brain stem .
Saint-Agnan-le-Malherbe is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Giuliano Tadeo Aranda -LRB- born 21 February 1974 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Volleyball -LRB- English : International Volleyball Federation -RRB- , often referred to as just FIVB , is the organization that controls international Volleyball .
Jo Darr Gya Woh Marr Gya -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ù Ú Ø Ú Û Ø Ù Û Ù
Ø Ú Û Ø -RRB- is a Pakistani Urdu film which starred Neeli , Javed Sheikh , Atiqa Odho , Reema and Nadeem .
The film was released in the summer of 1995 and earned major revenue for its production studio .
It was directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and was produced by Evernew Studios .
There is a very large organ at the front of the hall . It was built by an organ maker called Henry Willis and was later rebuilt by Harrison & Harrison and most recently by Mander Organs ; It is the biggest organ in the British Isles with 9,997 pipes .
In 1851 there was a Great Exhibition in Hyde Park , just next to Kensington Park opposite where the RAH now stands . The exhibition building , called Crystal Palace , was a glass building which was just there for the exhibition .
DaneÅ # i is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Claudio Ranieri -LRB- born 20 October 1951 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Berlin was divided into West Berlin and East Berlin after World War II .
Fieulaine is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Vanosc is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Fatal 4-Way was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event made by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on June 20 , 2010 .
Two of Donovan 's children , Donovan Leitch and Ione Skye , are actors .
Sonthonnax-la-Montagne is a commune .
All the buses that serve the station also serve Harrow on the Hill station but not all as direct services .
The next stop southbound on the Bakerloo Line is Kenton .
The Bakerloo line is a line on London Underground .
Harrow & Wealdstone station is a station on the Bakerloo Line .
Bus routes 140 -LRB- 24 hour -RRB- , 182 , 186 , 258 , 340 , H9 , H10 and night bus route N18 serve various stops beside or near the station .
In Star Fox : Assault and Super Smash Bros. . Brawl , his voice was done by Jim Walker in the English version and by Kenji Nojima in the Japanese version .
In the English version of Star Fox 64 , he was voiced by Mike West .
In both the Japanese version of Star Fox 64 and Super Smash Bros. , Fox 's voices were done by Shinobu Satouchi .
Melee and Star Fox Adventures , Fox 's voice was done by Steve Malpass .
In the English version of Star Fox 64 , he was voiced by Mike West . In both the Japanese version of Star Fox 64 and Super Smash Bros. , Fox 's voices were done by Shinobu Satouchi .
For English dialogue of Super Smash Bros. .
He is a red fox and the main character of the series .
He was created by Shigeru Miyamoto and designed by Takaya Imamura .
Fox McCloud is a video game character from the Star Fox series .
HÃ ninel is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Patras -LRB- Î Î '' Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Î Î Î : Î Î Ï Ï Î -RRB- is the third biggest Greek town .
Patras -LRB- Î Î '' Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Î Î Î : Î Î Ï Ï Î -RRB- is the third biggest Greek town . Patras is located in west Greece .
There are different flavored syrups , such as chocolate syrup , vanilla syrup , and maple syrup .
Diane Julie Abbott -LRB- born September 27 , 1953 -RRB- is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Hackney North and Stoke Newington constituency in the United Kingdom . She was the first black woman to be elected to the House of Commons when she was elected in the 1987 General Election .
Five groups of opsins are involved in vision , mediating the conversion of a photon of light into an electrochemical signal , the first step in the visual transduction cascade .
Another opsin found in the mammalian retina , melanopsin , is involved in circadian rhythms and pupillary reflex but not in image-forming .
The first single off the album , `` Soldiers , '' is dedicated to all the men and women of the United States Army .
It is their first release with former Soil singer Ryan McCombs , who joined the band after the departure of Jason ` Gong ' Jones in 2005 .
This album has more of a post-grunge sound compared to the last two releases by the band and is less heavy as well .
It was released on August 7 , 2007 .
Full Circle is the third album from hard rock band Drowning Pool .
Bod is a commune in BraÅ ov County , Romania .
Rodman is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Panzini worked as a secondary school teacher before becoming a writer .
He was born in Senigallia , Italy . Panzini was the student of GiosuÃ Carducci at the University of Bologna .
Sermoise is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Brandon David Reed -LRB- born March 22 , 1987 in Dubuque , Iowa -RRB- is an American Football wide receiver who currently plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Reed was drafted out of the University of Utah by the Baltimore Ravens with the 156th pick in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft .
John Gould -LRB- 14 September , 1804 â `` 3 February , 1881 -RRB- was an English ornithologist -LRB- bird scientist -RRB- .
The Gould League -LRB- a bird group -RRB- started in Australia in 1909 , was named after him .
His knowledge of the birds now called `` Darwin 's finches '' was a turning point in the Charles Darwin 's thinking about evolution by natural selection .
They are barely mentioned in Charles Darwin 's book , On the Origin of Species .
Templates are categorised into countries within the : Category : Football squad templates .
This can be used instead of the lastplayer template , if the inclusion of a club manager is desired .
is designed to be used within squad list templates -LRB- typically placed at the bottom of a player page -RRB- in order to make editing and standardisation easier .
Use to define the team name and colors , to add the name and number of every player and to add the last player in the squad and close the template .
You need to use three templates to create a squad list using this template : , and .
It is important to use and either side of the categories so that they are not seen on the template .
For an example of the template in use see Template : Everton F.C. squad .
If you want to use this template first set up a new template for your squad , typically called something like Template : -LRB- team name -RRB- squad .
J. Robert Oppenheimer -LRB- April 22 , 1904 â `` February 18 , 1967 -RRB- was an American physicist .
He is best known as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project . In World War II , the project built the first nuclear weapons .
The name is Celtic for `` burnt land . ''
Cornas is a French commune that can be found in the dÃ partement of ArdÃ che in the region of RhÃ ne-Alpes .
Belleview is a city of Florida in the United States .
The name `` Tux '' comes from James Hughes , who named the Linux Mascot that as an shortened form of `` Torvalds ' UniX , '' as Linus Torvalds was the creator of the Linux operating system .
He is also a character in some Linux games , like Super Tux .
Tux is also an abbreviation of tuxedo .
Wherever he is seen , it means such a system can work with Linux . He is also a character in some Linux games , like Super Tux .
Tux is a mascot of the Linux operating system ; a cartoon penguin made by Larry Ewing in 1996 .
For example , in the United States , the president is both the head of state and the head of government .
For example , in the United States , the president is both the head of state and the head of government . In the Republic of Ireland the president is the head of state but the Taoiseach is the head of government .
Full-Reuenthal is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Morlanwelz is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
During the war Buckles served in England and France , driving ambulances and motorcycles for the Army 's 1st Fort Riley Casualty Detachment .
In 1917 , Buckles was sent to Europe on the RMS Carpathia , which had rescued RMS Titanic survivors five years earlier .
He was rescued on February 23 , 1945 .
He was captured by the Japanese in 1942 and spent the next three and a half years in the Los BaÃ os prison camp .
He became malnourished , with a weight below 100 lb , and developed beriberi , yet led his fellow inmates in calisthenics .
In the 1940s Buckles worked for a shipping company in Manila , Philippines .
Following his discharge in 1919 , he attended the dedication of the Liberty Memorial in Kansas City , Missouri , in honor of those Americans who died in World War I. While there , he met General John `` Black Jack '' Pershing , commander of all U.S. forces in France during the war .
Joacim Cans is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
In the case of humans , long-term partnership is more important than immediate sexual reproduction .
These animals include bonobos , dolphins , and chimpanzees which also have sexual intercourse even when the female is not in estrus , and to engage in sex acts with same-sex partners .
Sometimes sexual intercourse is called coitus or copulation and is more casually known as having sex or sleeping together . In sexual intercourse , the male reproductive organ enters the female reproductive tract .
Sex reinforces intimate social bonds between individuals .
Humans , bonobos and dolphins show cooperative behavior .
There are many other kinds of sex . Two of them are oral sex and anal sex .
The two animals may be of opposite sexes or they may be hermaphroditic , as is the case with snails .
In most instances , humans have sex primarily for pleasure . This behavior in the above mentioned animals is also presumed to be for pleasure , which in turn strengthens social bonds .
In both humans and bonobos , the female has a relatively concealed ovulation . Neither male or female partners commonly know whether she is fertile at any given moment .
In these animals , the use of sex has evolved beyond reproduction and has taken additional social functions .
Sexual intercourse between animals other than humans is often called mating . Most animals only mate when the female is at the point of estrus , which is the most fertile period of time in its reproductive cycle .
A triangular number is a number that is the sum of all of the natural numbers up to a certain number . For example , 10 is a triangular number because .
Francesco Morini -LRB- born 12 August , 1944 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
MÃ rcio Rodrigues AraÃ jo -LRB- born 11 June 1984 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
He plays for Palmeiras .
Francisco GÃ mez de Quevedo y SantibÃ Ã ez Villegas -LRB- Madrid , September 14 , 1580 â `` Villanueva de los Infantes , September 8 , 1645 -RRB- was a nobleman , politician and writer of the Spanish Golden Age .
Charlie St. Cloud is a 2010 fantasy\/romance movie that is produced by Marc Platt and Ben Sherwood and was directed by Burr Steers . The movie is based on the best selling novel , The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud .
The Voyager series is a group of high speed diesel electric multiple unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation in service on the UK railway network .
The other cowbird species have fewer known hosts , but all the species are generalists when it comes to choosing a host .
This means that the eggs may look different from the hosts ' eggs .
They lay their eggs in the nests of other birds .
Cowbirds are birds of the genus Molothrus .
The Brown-headed Cowbird has over 220 hosts .
The Treasurer is called the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the United Kingdom and the Treasury Secretary in the United States .
SÃ 1\/4 tterlin script has thicker lines and rounder edges than German Kurrent .
SÃ 1\/4 tterlinschrift , SÃ 1\/4 tterlin or Suetterlin script is a form of German handwriting . It was taught in German schools from 1915 to 1941 .
SÃ 1\/4 tterlinschrift , SÃ 1\/4 tterlin or Suetterlin script is a form of German handwriting .
Its county seat is Tahlequah .
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population was 42,521 .
Christian Schwegler -LRB- born 6 June 1984 in Ettiswil -RRB- is a Swiss footballer . He plays for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender .
Mauro Esposito -LRB- born 13 June 1979 -RRB- is an Italian football player .
Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
It got back its independence on the February 16 , 1918 .
Lithuania is a member of the European Union , NATO , and several other organizations .
Emergency contraception is a form of contraception that can be taken by the woman after sex . Emergency contraception can not protect against sexually transmitted diseases .
Emergency contraception can not protect against sexually transmitted diseases . Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy .
Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy .
Emergency contraception is a form of contraception that can be taken by the woman after sex .
Rajshahi District is a district of Bangladesh .
Instead , Asada went to the World Junior Championships again , where she lost to Kim Yu-Na .
She landed her first triple axel in competition while still at the junior level .
But the Japanese skating federation thought there was not a good reason to keep her at the Junior level when she had already won everything . Asada was old enough for the Grand Prix , but not for senior level ISU championships .
Asada was old enough for the Grand Prix , but not for senior level ISU championships .
She is known for her one-handed Biellmann spin and her cross-grab Biellmann spiral , in which she uses the hand opposite her leg to hold up her leg in the position .
Mao Asada -LRB- born September 25 , 1990 -RRB- is a figure skater from Japan .
They believed that it made Wesleyan look bad . Wesleyan stopped letting women got there and from 1912 to 1970 Wesleyan operated as an all-male college .
Wesleyan stopped letting women got there and from 1912 to 1970 Wesleyan operated as an all-male college .
In 1872 it became one of the first American colleges to let female students attend .
Wesleyan is one of the three small New England colleges that make up the `` Little Three '' -LRB- or the `` Little Ivies '' -RRB- : the others are Amherst and Williams Colleges .
Wesleyan was founded as an all-male Methodist college in 1831 .
Yukio Tsuchiya -LRB- born 31 July 1974 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tokyo Verdy .
In 2002 , the government of Pakistan decided to use the Daylight Saving Time system .
Pakistan Standard Time -LRB- PST -RRB- is the time zone for Pakistan & Jammu and Kashmir - it is 5 hours ahead of GMT\/UTC .
Stowmarket is a town near the A14 road , in Suffolk , England .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Fontbellon is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Boogie-woogie is a style of piano-based blues that became very popular in the late 1930s and early 1940s .
Boogie-woogie is connected with dancing .
Its county seat is Concord .
UNC Charlotte is in Mecklenburg County but is close Cabarrus and is easy to get to by driving on Interstate 85 .
The county was made in 1792 from Mecklenburg County .
Cabarrus County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The county also has Barber-Scotia College , the Cabarrus College of Health Sciences -LRB- a four year college -RRB- , and a branch of Rowan-Cabarrus Community College .
In 2000 , the population was 131,063 .
Nosferatu eine Symphonie des Grauens -LRB- translated as Nosferatu : A Symphony of Horror -RRB- is a 1922 Silent Horror Film by F. W. Murnau based on the Dracula novel by Bram Stoker .
It is located about 6 km south of Zwickau .
Wilkau-Ha Ã lau is a town in the rural district Zwickau , Saxony , Germany .
Cranes look like herons , but they fly with their necks stretched forwards , while herons fly with their necks pulled back close to the body .
They are birds of the order Gruiformes , and family Gruidae .
Frigg 's attendants are HlÃ n -LRB- a goddess of protection -RRB- , GnÃ -LRB- a messenger goddess -RRB- , and Fulla -LRB- a fertility goddess -RRB- . It is unclear whether Frigg 's companions and attendants are simply different aspects of Frigg herself -LRB- cf . avatar -RRB- .
Frigg is the foremost goddess of the Ã sir , she is often confused with Freyja , foremost goddess of the Vanir .
Frigg 's companion is Eir , the gods ' doctor and goddess of healing .
Reid did not stand in the 2010 election , and was made a life peer instead .
The boundary of the constituency was changed , and in the 1997 election he was elected to the new constituency of Hamilton North and Bellshill . After more boundary changes in 2005 he was elected to the new constituency of Airdrie and Shotts .
He is Chairman of Celtic Football Club in Glasgow .
He was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1987 general election for the Motherwell North constituency .
Its formal name honors Aderbal Ramos da Silva , who was president of the Santa Catarina Football Federation and was also governor of the state .
On May 31 , 1986 , the stadium lights were inaugurated .
The first goal of the stadium was scored by Vasco da Gama 's Wilson Tadei .
The stadium is owned by AvaÃ .
The inaugural match was played on November 15 , 1983 , when Vasco da Gama beat AvaÃ 6-1 .
Several matches of the Brazilian football team , as well as the Brazilian football olympic team were played at Ressacada stadium .
The stadium 's attendance record currently stands at 19,000 , set on July 17 , 1988 when AvaÃ beat Blumenau 2-0 , for the Campeonato Catarinense final .
The EstÃ dio Aderbal Ramos da Silva , usually called EstÃ dio da Ressacada or just Ressacada , is a football stadium inaugurated on November 15 , 1983 in Carianos neighborhood , FlorianÃ polis , Santa Catarina , with a maximum capacity of approximately 19,000 people .
In 1982 , to replace the old EstÃ dio Adolfo Konder , AvaÃ bought a groundplot close to the city 's airport -LRB- HercÃ lio Luz International Airport -RRB- .
This stadium should not be confused with Blumenau 's stadium , which is also called EstÃ dio Aderbal Ramos da Silva , however it is nicknamed DEBA , and has a maximum capacity of 4,000 people .
The construction works were led by Cairo Bueno , and the stadium was designed by the architect Davi Ferreira Lima .
This category contains articles about towns in Hertfordshire , England .
PÃ rna is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Julio Lugo bats and throws right-handed .
He was born on November 16 , 1975 , in Barahona , Dominican Republic .
Julio Lugo is also the older brother of baseball pitcher Ruddy Lugo .
He has also conducted many of the world 's greatest orchestras , including the Berlin Philharmonic , the Royal Concertgebouw , the Boston Symphony Orchestra , the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , the Cleveland Orchestra , and the London Symphony Orchestra .
Rozhdestvensky studied conducting with his father Nikolai Anosov at the Moscow Conservatory . He studied piano with the great pianist Lev Oborin .
In 1969 , he married the pianist Viktoria Postnikova .
When he was 20 years old , he conducted Tchaikovsky 's Nutcracker ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre .
BeurnevÃ sin is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
The United Nations Children 's Fund or UNICEF is an international organization .
The United Nations established UNICEF on 11 December 1946 . At that time , its name was United Nations International Children 's Emergency Fund .
Thus , UNICEF became its short name . In 1953 , United Nations International Children 's Emergency Fund dropped the word Emergency from its name .
It operates in 190 countries around the world .
Oakland is a city of Illinois in the United States .
They play Canadian football . The CFL is the second most popular sports league in Canada after the NHL .
Canadian Football League -LRB- CFL -RRB- is a professional sports league in Canada .
He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse .
Yuichiro Nagai -LRB- born 14 February 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
His son Jake Busey is also an actor .
The Daily Show -LRB- known currently as The Daily Show with Jon Stewart -RRB- is an Emmy Award winning news parody television program . It airs each Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central in the United States .
Jon Stewart took over as host in January 1999 .
Under Stewart , The Daily Show has become more strongly focused around politics and the national media .
The half-hour long program was first shown on Monday , July 22 , 1996 . It was first hosted by Craig Kilborn .
PAS Hamedan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Hamedan , Iran .
The first Principal was Osvaldo Castillo , who contracted normalist teachers , and almost all of them had worked in the Pedro Aguirre High School .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz .
Shortly after that , it was designed the logo and a standard ; both included palm trees , characteristical in the city .
In August 2 1963 , by decree 11.608 , was created the Men 's High School of Santa Cruz , after a proposal by the Rotary Club of the city and the Governor of the Department of Santa Cruz , Carlos Cardoen .
This latter enthused Adriano DÃ az , who donated a terrain where the High School was going to be constructed .
The students of the High School appeared for the first time openly in May 21 , 1964 .
The High School started working since March 1 , 1964 in an old house in the street NicolÃ s Palacios , with at least 170 students , distributed between 4 classes .
Many of these students already had approved their first or second grade in Humanities in the Pedro Aguirre Cerda High School , but it was not recognized officially and worked with a group of teachers freely .
However , a Sport Complex was constructed there instead .
The anthem of the High School was composed by RaÃ l Benavides .
Hooker was born on August 22 , 1917 in Coahoma County near Clarksdale , Mississippi .
Hooker recorded lots of songs with Van Morrison , including `` Never Get Out of These Blues Alive '' , `` The Healing Game '' and `` I Cover the Waterfront '' .
In 1989 , he played with Keith Richards , Carlos Santana and Bonnie Raitt to record The Healer and won a Grammy Award .
He died on August 9 , 2008 from complications of pneumonia .
Bernie Mac -LRB- October 5 , 1957 â `` August 9 , 2008 -RRB- , was a two-time Emmy Award-nominated African American actor and comedian .
The Penguin Dictionary of Psychology says that hate is a `` deep , enduring -LRB- long-lasting -RRB- , intense emotion expressing animosity , anger , and hostility towards a person , group , or object . ''
The lake 's area is 0.16 kmÂ .
Garichtisee is a lake on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus , Switzerland .
Back to the Future is a 1985 movie .
It starred Michael J. Fox , Christopher Lloyd and Crispin Glover . The movie was produced by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale .
At the end of the Back to the Future I , 1985 Doc uses the time machine to go 30 years into the future . -LRB- 2015 -RRB- At the beginning of Back to the Future II Doc comes back from the future to 1985 to take 17 year old Marty and his girlfriend Jennifer to 2015 to prevent a disaster with his son Marty Junior .
-LRB- Marty 's teenage mother becomes interested in Marty instead of Marty 's father , George -RRB- .
He plays for Gamba Osaka .
Akira Kaji -LRB- born 13 January 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Brissay-Choigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Andre Luis Neitzke -LRB- born 24 November 1986 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Linda Ronstadt -LRB- July 15 , 1946 - -RRB- is an American singer and entertainer .
FlÃ riÃ n Albert -LRB- born 15 September 1941 -RRB- is a former Hungarian football player . He has played for FerencvÃ rosi and Hungary national team .
About 30,000 people live on Kos , 16,000 of them in the island capital Kos City in the west of the island .
Vivaise is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
He was drafted -LRB- selected -RRB- as the 15th overall pick -LRB- 1st round -RRB- of the 1994 NFL Draft by the L.A. Rams .
For the 2007 season , Gandy was named as one of the Falcons 's team captains .
On February 15 , 2008 the Falcons released him .
After three seasons with the Saints , he was traded to the Atlanta Falcons on April 7 , 2006 for safety Bryan Scott and a draft pick .
Gandy spent four seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1999 to 2002 .
He was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams 15th overall in the 1994 NFL Draft .
Gandy has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and New Orleans Saints .
Gandy spent five seasons with the Rams .
On October 7 , Gandy hurt his left knee while playing against the Tennessee Titans ; he tore what is called an anterior cruciate ligament , which kept him from playing any more games for the rest of the season .
Wayne Gandy -LRB- born February 10 , 1971 in -RRB- is an American football offensive tackle for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League .
He played college football at Auburn .
He was re-signed on October 29 after an injury to offensive tackle Sam Baker .
On March 2 2003 , Gandy signed a six-year deal with New Orleans Saints .
He played college football at Auburn University , where he was a member of Auburn 's undefeated -LRB- unbeaten -RRB- 1993 team .
It is easier to make fixed focal lenses than to include them in a variable focus lens .
A Prime lens is a lens which has a fixed focal length .
MazÃ res , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The Lewis structures , also called Lewis-dot diagrams or electron dot diagrams are pictures that show the bonding between a pair of electrons and the atoms of a molecule .
Kentaro Hayashi -LRB- born 29 August 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Echinghen is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Auregnais , Aoeur ` gnaeux or Aurignais was the Norman dialect of the Channel Island of Alderney .
Each row is added by '' - '' plus a line of column text -LRB- using the double-bar '' '' to separate columns on one line -RRB- :
While an infobox can provide a condensed summary of related data , it can also over-simplify the connections , such as when a territory , named in an infobox , changes boundaries but is treated as being exactly the same place .
Colors could also be dark brown -LRB- # CC6622 -RRB- with '' '' .
Colors could also be beige -LRB- # DDDDBB -RRB- .
Also , notice setting the background-color as gray\/grey by use of the HTML CSS custom style directive -LRB- style = `` background : # DDDDDD '' -RRB- placed before the `` Notebox : '' text .
That viewpoint can focus the choice of wording , and the amount of complexity , to be used when developing infoboxes .
It is always important to think outside the infobox , as to the effect it has outside the Simple English Wikipedia , in the many other-language Wikipedia articles .
It is very easy to code a small infobox outside , and below , as an extension of a formal template-infobox .
The use of infoboxes in Wikipedia articles has both advantages and disadvantages .
Users should learn how to create infoboxes , on the fly , and learn how to spot\/correct problems in infobox format .
Note that the first line of text must begin with the vertical-bar -LRB- '' '' -RRB- , although it can be indented as a bar further along the line .
Also , if the infobox is of limited scope , there is no need to expand pages by adding a separate infobox page , infobox-talk , and infobox-history pages .
Some infoboxes should be coded inside an article .
Generally , a separate Wikipedia template page is created to store the layout of an infobox .
The phrase `` Thinking outside the infobox '' has many possible meanings , as with the underlying phrase -LRB- `` Thinking outside the box '' -RRB- .
Colors could also be dark tan -LRB- # DD9922 -RRB- .
If a standardized infobox-template does not contain enough data fields , just create a follow-on infobox after the template -LRB- using the coding method as shown above -RRB- .
Notice that the title `` I am ... '' will not be centered , unless the 2 columns are spanned -LRB- by using the column prefix '' colspan = 2 align = center '' enclosed in vertical-bars -RRB- .
Colors could also be tan -LRB- # DDAA22 -RRB- .
However , there are other issues to consider :
Rather than fear the coding of infobox details , more writers should learn how infoboxes are coded , to more easily expand , or correct , the details of various infoboxes .
Colors could also be ochre -LRB- # DDDD11 -RRB- .
The width can be set , width = 200px .
However , do n't overuse infoboxes , when the details are better explained outside the infobox , in the other text on a page .
General reminders :
However , when first creating a new infobox , it might be preferable to keep the infobox as hard-coded within the same article , to allow changing the infobox along with the article text for quick edit-preview .
For any item too wide , or too wordy , to fit in a standard infobox , just place '' -LRB- see notebox below -RRB- '' as the connection to the custom-coded notebox infobox .
Colors could also be brown -LRB- # DD7722 -RRB- .
Also , the structure of an infobox has implications , outside the Simple English Wikipedia , for the other-language Wikipedias .
It is not necessary to code every infobox into a separate template page , outside the article .
William Henry Cavendish Cavendish-Bentinck , 3rd Duke of Portland , -LRB- 14 April 1738 â `` 30 October 1809 -RRB- was a British Whig and Tory statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain .
Aalten is a village and municipality in the eastern Netherlands .
Aalten , Barlo , Bredevoort , Dale , Dinxperlo , Haart , Heurne , IJzerlo , ' t Klooster and Lintelo .
The former municipalities of Bredevoort -LRB- 1818 -RRB- and Dinxperlo -LRB- 2005 -RRB- have been merged with Aalten .
Celles-sur-Ource is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Pierlas is a commune .
Maisons , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
MÃ rcio Amoroso -LRB- born 5 July 1974 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Saint-Aubin-d ` Arquenay is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Burnside is a an area of South Lanarkshire . It is part of The Royal Burgh of Rutherglen and Greater Glasgow .
It borders with Cambuslang , Blairbeth , Fernhill and Eastfield .
Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits , known simply as Popeyes , are a fried chicken fast food franchise owned by AFC Enterprises .
TouÃ `` t-sur-Var is a commune .
The British Rail Class 165 `` Network Turbo '' diesel multiple units -LRB- DMUs -RRB- were built by BREL at York Works from 1990 â `` 1992 .
These units are suburban trains , with an express version appearing later in the form of the Class 166 `` Network Express Turbo '' units .
He has played for Japan national team .
Satoshi Yamaguchi -LRB- born 1 August 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Aaron Dontez Yates -LRB- born November 8 , 1971 in Kansas City , Missouri -RRB- is an American rapper better known by his stage name Tech N9ne .
`` Love In This Club Part II '' is an R&B - Pop song written by Amber Rives and Usher , and recorded by Usher for his album Here I Stand .
Modern Angeln , -LRB- Danish : Angel ; Latin : Anglia , which also means in direct translation from Latin : England -RRB- , is a peninsula in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany .
Ancient Angeln may have been somewhat larger than the Angeln of today , but following the ancient sources it included the territory of modern Angeln .
EasyBCD can be used to set up dual-boots between Windows Vista and previous versions of Windows , along with Linux , BSD , and Mac OS X.
EasyBCD is a free program developed by the non-profit NeoSmart Technologies used to configure and tweak the new Windows Vista Bootloader .
The first records of a settlement go back to the 12th century .
It is located on the banks of the Eyrieux river -LRB- a tributary to the RhÃ ne river -RRB- , Les OlliÃ res -LRB- as it is often shortened to by the local people -RRB- became a central location for the treatment and processing of silk in the early 1700s .
Although some tourists have started to renovate old cottages and set up permanent or holiday homes in the area .
For the people of Les OlliÃ res a daily bus service runs to Valence and Privas .
The village has now become a tourist location , attracting many Dutch , German , Swiss and English tourists to its many camp sites during the summer months .
The nearest towns are Privas and Saint-Sauveur-de-Montagut .
Les OlliÃ res-sur-Eyrieux is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The introduction of an occasional cinema also provides entertainment for people of the village and the neighboring villages .
Sargon is the Biblical form of the name .
In his inscriptions , he styles himself as a new man and rarely talks about his predecessors . He nevertheless took the name Sharru-kinu -LRB- `` true king '' -RRB- , after Sargon of Akkad â '' who had founded the first Semitic Empire in the region about 16 centuries earlier .
Sargon II -LRB- Akkadian Å arru-k Ã n `` legitimate king '' , reigned 722 â `` 705 BC -RRB- was an Assyrian king .
Sargon II became co-regent with Shalmaneser V in 722 BC . Shalmaneser V died in 722 BC .
Saucats is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Yusuke Igawa -LRB- born 30 October 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kawasaki Frontale .
Brahman -LRB- or God -RRB- is said to be infinite , with no beginning or end . Brahman is changeless and is the source of the universe in Hindu beliefs .
Brahman is the concept of God in Hinduism .
Hainault is a station on the Central Line of the London Underground in Hainault in the London Borough of Redbridge .
Since 2 January 2007 the station is in Travelcard Zone 4 .
There are three Pinniped families : Odobenidae -LRB- walruses -RRB- , Otariidae -LRB- eared seals , including sea lions and fur seals -RRB- , and Phocidae -LRB- true seals -RRB- .
A descending string passage represents the following retreat of the French forces , followed by victory bells and a triumphant repetition of God Preserve Thy People as Moscow burns to deny winter quarters to the French .
was the Russian National Anthem in Tchaikovsky 's time . It was not the anthem in 1812 .
The Overture includes the Russian folk dance `` At the Gate , at my Gate . ''
Although God Save The Tsar !
A musical chase scene appears . Out of it , the anthem `` God Save the Tsar ! ''
The overture uses counterpoint to reinforce the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song .
There was no official Russian anthem until 1815 .
49 -LRB- French : Ouverture solennelle `` L'Ann Ã e 1812 '' ; Russian : Ð cents Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð 1812 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð , TorÅ 3\/4 estvennaja uvertjura 1812 goda -RRB- to remember Russia 's 1812 defense against Napoleon 's advancing Grande ArmÃ e at the Battle of Borodino , during the French invasion of Russia .
Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture .
The Overture begins with the plaintive Russian Orthodox Troparion of the Holy Cross -LRB- `` God Preserve Thy People '' -RRB- played by eight cellos and four violas . The piece moves through a mixture of pastoral and militant themes .
John Ellis `` Jeb '' Bush -LRB- born February 11 , 1953 -RRB- , was a Governor of Florida .
He is the brother of former President George W. Bush , and son of former President George H. W. Bush . -LRB- -LRB- File : Jeb Bush .
Adolph Frederick Rupp -LRB- September 2 , 1901-December 10 , 1977 -RRB- was one of the most successful college basketball coaches in history .
MartÃ n Palermo -LRB- born 7 November 1973 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for Boca Juniors and Argentina national team .
A campus is land where a college or university buildings are placed .
Campuses can have libraries , lecture halls , and parks .
Panama national football team is the national football team of Panama .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Matthew Connolly -LRB- born 24 September 1987 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Queens Park Rangers .
Mount Rinjani or Gunung Rinjani is an active volcano on Lombok , Indonesia .
`` confluence '' -RRB- and means the joining of two rivers .
The name comes from the Latin word `` confluentiae '' -LRB- = Eng .
There are several places named Koblenz :
Ondefontaine is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
He plays for Panathinaikos and Greece national team .
Giourkas Seitaridis -LRB- born 4 June 1981 -RRB- is a Greek football player .
Living in these aggregations are over a hundred different species of organism , many of which are found only at these seeps .
They form a ` biogenic habitat ' by creating groups of hundreds or thousands of individuals .
Anyone who works with those collaborators who have a ErdÅ ` s number of 1 , have an ErdÅ ` s number of 2 .
Anyone who directly worked with Paul ErdÅ ` s has an ErdÅ ` s number of 1 .
Anyone who directly worked with Paul ErdÅ ` s has an ErdÅ ` s number of 1 . Anyone who works with those collaborators who have a ErdÅ ` s number of 1 , have an ErdÅ ` s number of 2 .
Paul ErdÅ ` s 's number is 0 .
Tiananmen Square is a large plaza near the center of Beijing , China . It is named after the Tiananmen -LRB- Gate of Heavenly Peace -RRB- which sits to its north , separating it from the Forbidden City .
The palace became a secondary royal residence after the king moved to Changdeok Palace . Queen Dowager Inmok was confined to the palace , and it was renamed West Palace -LRB- Seogung ; ì ê -RRB- .
King Gwanghaegun who succeeded King Seonjo renamed this palace Gyeongun Palace -LRB- Gyeongungung ; ê 1\/2 ì ê -RRB- .
Carlos Boozer -LRB- born November 20 , 1981 in Aschaffenburg , West Germany -RRB- is a American basketball player who currently plays for the Chicago Bulls .
The Tibetan red deer -LRB- Cervus affinis affinis or Cervus affinis wallichi -RRB- , also known as shou , is a subspecies of Central Asian Red Deer that is native to the Tibetan highlands of Central Asia .
Piet Mondrian -LRB- 7 March 1872 -- 1 February 1944 -RRB- was a Dutch modern artist of the De stijl group .
Moulis-en-M Ã doc is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink -LRB- born 7 November 1978 -RRB- is a Dutch football player . He plays for SK Rapid Wien .
Coma is a medical term .
Mont-Saint-P Ã re is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The system is made up of 14 state-owned schools , all of which are NCAA Division II members .
Act 188 , which was signed into law on November 12 , 1982 and came into effect on July 1 , 1983 , established the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education , and converted those state colleges into universities .
The Office of the Chancellor is situated in the capital city of Harrisburg at the Dixon University Center .
PASSHE universities also operate four branch campuses .
Its passage created 12 school districts .
It is the tenth-largest university system in the United States and 43rd largest in the world .
The `` normal '' schools evolved from state normal schools , to state teacher 's colleges , to state colleges .
Afterward , the School Code of 1911 mandated that Pennsylvania purchase all the schools .
The Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education -LRB- PASSHE -RRB- is the second largest provider of higher education in Pennsylvania after the Commonwealth system and a large public university system in the United States .
The Normal School Act of 1857 was passed on the last day of session on 20 May 1857 .
Geographers are historically known as people who make maps . Nowadays map making is the field of study of cartography , a subset of geography .
Therefore he looks at human and wildlife ecologies , weather and climate patterns , economics , and culture .
A geographer is a scientist whose area of study is geography .
Luiz InÃ cio Lula da Silva is the 39th President of Brazil . He was born October 27 , 1945 .
png thumb Van Brode Milling Company -LRB- 1970 -RRB- spork trademark application drawing . -RRB- -RRB- A Spork is a combination of a spoon and a fork to create a special tool used to eat .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit is a racing game for the Game Boy Advance .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit is a racing game for the Game Boy Advance . It was released in 2001 .
All three parks had the intended effect of spurring residential development near them .
Shawnee Park is a park in Louisville , Kentucky .
The one-way distance between the Belvedere and Shawnee Park is 6.2 miles .
Louisville 's Riverwalk Trail , which passes through Shawnee Park , extends across Louisville 's waterfront , which is an extensive , mostly flat pedestrian pathway .
The Great Lawn , the principal feature of the park , is enclosed by plantings and a circular drive that is lined with trees .
All three were found on the geographic edges of the city , in Shawnee 's case it was the western edge bordering the Ohio River .
Dozens of subdivisions were built near Shawnee Park , and the neighborhood itself came to be called Shawnee .
River Park Drive was laid out in 1899 , but the Broadway entrance remained unfinished until 1914 .
The land at the time was still mostly used for truck farms , but it was clear residential development was imminent even without the park .
The interest was so great that developers found themselves promoting the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .
The only park blacks were allowed access to was nearby Chickasaw Park , which many people entered by traveling through Shawnee .
It was created by Frederick Law Olmsted , who made 18 of the city 's 123 public parks .
The city had to declare the properties to obtain the land for park , and won the case in 1895 .
In 1896 , the city started to create access to the park , another area in which Shawnee was behind the other two parks .
Shawnee was the slowest of the parks to create , as much of the land was already owned by investors who thought they could increase the sale price by holding out .
Although now overshadowed by the Louisville Waterfront Park , Shawnee boasts an expansive Great Lawn which is very useful for formal gatherings .
Shawnee Park was first planned in 1890 to be one of the free flagship parks in Louisville 's new park system .
The Olmsted firm advised the city not to build a golf course at Shawnee Park due to the `` grave danger to visitors in the park and especially the children '' but demand was such that the course was built anyway in 1927 .
Shawnee Park allowed access only to whites from 1924 to 1954 , although park officials and police had a de facto policy of not allowing blacks access to the park for some years prior to that .
Along with the rest of the city 's Olmsted-designed park system , Shawnee Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
Mike Havenaar -LRB- born 20 May 1987 -RRB- is a Dutch-Japanese football player . He plays for Ventforet Kofu .
Chulabhorn Dam -LRB- à à à à à à à à à à à à # à `` à -RRB- is named after a princess , Chulabhorn Walailak , of Thailand . The dam is in Tambon Thung Lui Lai , Amphur Kon San , Chaiyaphum Province on the Nam Phrom River .
The movie is directed by Woody Allen . The film was released in December of 1996 .
It has the atomic number 113 .
On February 1 2004 ununtrium and ununpentium were discovered . A team of Russian scientists at Dubna from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research and American scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory first reported the chemical elements .
It has the symbol Uut . It has the atomic number 113 .
The Roman Senate was the longest-lasting institution in Ancient Rome .
It began in the first years of the city , which was supposedly founded in 753 BC .
The Senate passed decrees called senatus consultum , which were advice from the Senate to a magistrate -LRB- senior official -RRB- .
As the Roman Empire grew , the Senate also supervised the administration of the provinces , which were governed by former consuls and praetors . It decided which magistrate should govern which province .
They usually were obeyed in practice .
It survived the kings , the Roman Republic -LRB- 509 BC -- 27 BC -RRB- , the Roman Empire -LRB- 27 BC -- 395 AD and the fall of the Western Roman Empire -LRB- 395 -- 476 AD -RRB- .
Only the Senate could authorize the disbursal of public funds from the treasury .
The Senate also had an enormous degree of power over the civil government in Rome .
As of 2004 , 1,511 people lived there .
Palm Beach Shores is a town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Pectus excavatum happens in about 1 in every 150 children .
This makes the chest look sunken in . It is also called a `` chest bowl '' and a `` dent '' .
Their melting points are lower , too . They are generally softer than other metals .
In 1983 he became vice president of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany in Karlsruhe , and president over from 1987 to 1994 , when he was elected President of Germany by the Bundesversammlung -LRB- Federal Convention -RRB- .
In 1969 he moved to the FUB in Speyer , and was the University President from 1971 to 1972 .
In 1958 , he gained the title Dr. jur . -LRB- doctor of laws -RRB- and worked in the University of Munich until 1964 , where he passed his second law exam .
Since 1982 he has been a member of the synod -LRB- parliament -RRB- of the Protestant Church of Germany . He has been a member of the Evangelical Church in Germany since 1972 .
He later married Alexandra Freifrau von Berlichingen .
His wife , Christiane Herzog , died on 19 June 2000 .
Prof. Dr. Roman Herzog -LRB- born 5 April 1934 -RRB- is a German politician -LRB- CDU -RRB- and was the President of Germany from 1994 to 1999 .
He wrote Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht -LRB- `` Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint '' -RRB- , and was given the title of professor in 1964 .
He studied law in Munich , Bavaria and took the first stage law exam in 1957 .
His term ended in 1999 , when he was succeeded by Johannes Rau .
Roman Herzog was also always active in the Protestant Church .
He was minister for culture and sports in the Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg Land Government from 1978 .
From 1966 he taught state law and political science as a full professor at the Free University of Berlin -LRB- FUB -RRB- .
In 1980 he was elected to the State Parliament -LRB- Landtag -RRB- , and took over the state Ministry of the Interior .
Groton is a village and civil parish in the Babergh district , in the county of Suffolk , England .
Fighting Temptation is a single released by R&B singer BeyoncÃ and female rappers Missy Elliott , MC Lyte , and Free in 2003 to promote the film The Fighting Temptations , in which BeyoncÃ has a part .
Le BÃ mont is a municipality of the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Arsenic pentoxide is made by dissolving arsenic in concentrated nitric acid . Other strong oxidizing agents like ozone or hydrogen peroxide can be used .
Arsenic pentoxide , also known as arsenic -LRB- V -RRB- oxide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is As2O5 .
Fairbury is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The prison was founded in 1894 . It was the site of many executions , particularly by fallbeil -LRB- guillotine -RRB- during the Nazi period .
Stadelheim Prison is a prison in Munich 's Giesing district . It is one of the largest prisons in Germany .
Peterhead F.C. are a Scottish Football League side who currently play in the Second Division .
More correctly they are called Bloomogganners , supposedly from the blue worsted stockings that the fishermen originally wore .
Peterhead sits at the easternmost point in mainland Scotland .
It is Aberdeenshire 's largest settlement , having a population of 17,947 at the 2001 Census .
Peterhead is a town in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Peterhead is often referred to as ` The Blue Toon ' and people who were born there as Blue Tooners .
The generic term kebab usually refers to doner kebab or dÃ ner kebap in Europe and to shish kebab in the United States , though its meaning can vary .
In cryptography , Twofish is a symmetric key block cipher with a block size of 128 bits and key lengths up to 256 bits .
However , Twofish is not widely used like the Blowfish , which has been available for a longer period of time .
Twofish 's main features are the use of pre-computed key-dependent S-boxes , and a relatively complex key schedule .
Bruce Schneier responds in a 2005 blog entry that this paper does not present a full cryptanalytic attack , but only some hypothesized differential characteristics : `` But even from a theoretical perspective , Twofish is not even remotely broken .
Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever .
The Twofish cipher has not been patented and the software example of its specification has been placed in the public domain .
As of 2008 , the best published cryptanalysis on the Twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16-round version .
Twofish uses some elements from other designs ; for example , the pseudo-Hadamard transform -LRB- PHT -RRB- from the SAFER family of ciphers .
One half of an n-bit key is used as the actual encryption key and the other half of the n-bit key is used to modify the encryption algorithm -LRB- key-dependent S-boxes -RRB- .
The paper claims that the probability of truncated differentials attacks is 2-57 .3 per block and that it will take about 251 chosen plaintexts -LRB- 32 PiB worth of data -RRB- to find a good pair of truncated differentials .
There have been no extensions to these results since they were published '' in 2000 .
Twofish uses the same Feistel structure as the DES .
On most software platforms Twofish is slightly slower than Rijndael -LRB- the chosen algorithm for Advanced Encryption Standard -RRB- for 128-bit keys , but somewhat faster for 256-bit keys .
Twofish was designed by Bruce Schneier , John Kelsey , Doug Whiting , David Wagner , Chris Hall , and Niels Ferguson ; the `` extended Twofish team '' who met to made further cryptanalysis of Twofish and other AES competitors included Stefan Lucks , Tadayoshi Kohno , and Mike Stay .
Villarosa is a town in the province of Enna , in the region of Sicily in southern Italy .
Iron oxides are chemical compounds .
There are sixteen known iron oxides .
Dogri is a member of the Western Pahari Group of languages .
The language is referred to as Pahari -LRB- à à à 3\/4 à à 1\/4 à -RRB- in the Pakistan 's Punjab provincial region and Pakistan-administered Kashmir .
Dogri speakers are called Dogras , and the Dogri-speaking region is called Duggar .
Dogri -LRB- Ú Ù Ú Ø Ù -RRB- is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by about two million people in Jammu Kashmir region and Pakistan , chiefly in the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir , but also in northern Punjab , Himachal Pradesh , other parts of Occupied Kashmir , and elsewhere .
Ferreux-Quincey is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Thenailles is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Justin Lee Collins -LRB- born July 28 , 1974 -RRB- is an English television and radio presenter and former stand-up comedian from Bristol .
Although it is still published under the byline `` Anonymous '' , press interviews and copyright records suggest that it is largely or wholly the work of its purported editor , Beatrice Sparks .
The diarist 's name is never given in the book .
The book is said to be the actual diary of an anonymous teenage girl who became addicted to drugs .
The story caused a sensation when published and remains in print as of 2011 .
Some of the days and dates referenced in the book put the timeline from 1968 until 1970 .
Grace Slick wrote the song based on drug references in the classic novel Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland by Lewis Carroll .
Go Ask Alice is a controversial book from 1971 .
The title is from the lyrics to the Jefferson Airplane song `` White Rabbit '' .
Revelations about the book 's origin have caused much doubt as to its authenticity and factual accounts , and the publishers have listed it as a work of fiction since at least the mid-late 1980s .
A constituency is all of the constituents of a representative .
The word constituent can also be used to refer to a citizen who lives in the area that is governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician ; sometimes the word is restricted to citizens who elected the politician .
All of the constituents who are registered to vote are called the electorate .
It became the 32th largest Wikipedia by size .
Rules in Bulgarian Wikipedia are not regarded as flexible in disputes as they are on the English project .
The Bulgarian Wikipedia was created on 6 December 2003 .
In 24 May 2010 , the distinctive Wikipedia globe logo for the Bulgarian Wikipedia was temporarily altered to include the number 100,000 to commemorate the 100,000 article milestone .
As of December 26 , 2007 it is the 30th largest Wikipedia by article count , with over 50,000 articles .
Difficult issues are resolved through the Arbitration Committee , which handles content disputes , blocks users or prohibit certain users from editing articles on certain topics .
On November 24 , 2005 , the Bulgarian language Wikipedia added its 20,000 th article , and was the 21st largest Wikipedia at the time .
Misuse of administrator privileges is typically appealed through the Arbitration Committee ; only this authority and Wikimedia stewards have the power to remove administrator flags .
In 24 May 2010 , the distinctive Wikipedia globe logo for the Bulgarian Wikipedia was temporarily altered to include the number 100,000 to commemorate the 100,000 article milestone . It became the 32th largest Wikipedia by size .
Major towns include Gros Islet , SoufriÃ re and Vieux Fort .
They are located near SoufriÃ re , on the west side of the island .
The island of Saint Lucia has more mountains than many other Caribbean islands , with the highest one being Mount Gimie , at 950 m above the sea .
Saint Lucia is also one of the few islands in the world that has a volcano that people can drive into .
Two other mountains , the Pitons , are the island 's most famous landmark .
The capital city of Saint Lucia is Castries , where about one third of the population lives .
Ekwok is a city in Alaska .
Sequential hermaphrodites may produce both types of gametes over the course of their lifetime , but at any given point they are either female or male .
In many wrasse the opposite is trueâ '' most fish are female at birth and become male when they reach a certain size .
In some ferns the default sex is hermaphrodite . Ferns which grow in soil which has previously supported hermaphrodites are influenced by hormones remaining to develop as male .
In some turtles , for example , males are produced at lower incubation temperatures than females ; this difference in critical temperatures can be as little as 1-2 Â C.
Because genetic sex determination is controlled by a pair of sex chromosomes -LRB- or by the presence or absence of one of the chromosomes -RRB- , there are usually the same number of male and female offspring .
Usually , sex is determined by an organism 's genes . With genetic sex determination , most alleles or genes that influence sexual development are on the same chromosome .
That chromosome is then called the sex chromosome .
That chromosome is then called the sex chromosome . Because genetic sex determination is controlled by a pair of sex chromosomes -LRB- or by the presence or absence of one of the chromosomes -RRB- , there are usually the same number of male and female offspring .
Some bacteria use conjugation to transfer genetic material between bacteria . This is not the same as sexual reproduction , but it also results in the mixture of genetic traits .
There are other kinds of organisms -LRB- other than animals , plants and fungi -RRB- , the other eukaryotes â `` such as the malaria parasite â `` that also engage in sexual reproduction .
Some fish change sex over the course of their life . This phenomenon is called sequential hermaphroditism .
Sexual reproduction is a process that can only be found in eukaryotes . These cells have a nucleus and mitochondria .
In clownfish , smaller fish are male , and the dominant and largest fish in a group becomes female .
For some species sex is not determined by inheritance , but instead by environmental factors experienced during development or later in life .
Many reptiles have temperature-dependent sex determination : the temperature embryos experience during their development determines the sex of the organism .
Hong Kong was a British colony since 1842 . In 1997 , after the Handover , Hong Kong became a part of China .
Five is the third prime number , after two and three , and before seven .
The number five is also an odd number .
Herbert Backe -LRB- 1 May 1896 â `` 6 April 1947 -RRB- was a German politician and war criminal .
It is famous for being the setting for the Shakespeare play Romeo and Juliet .
Please try to assume good faith when talking with other editors .
Garden Grove is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Will Graham , the agent who caught Lecter , is at first very offended by Lecter 's demeanor , but comes to appreciate his help when Lecter gives him insight into the way Dolarhyde 's mind works .
Lachlan Mitchell -LRB- born September 30 , 1987 in Australia -RRB- is a rugby union player for the London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership .
Uwe Reinders -LRB- born 19 January , 1955 -RRB- is a former German football player .
He holds the records for both the first and second longest unbeaten streaks in competitive chess history .
p43 Many authorities consider him to have been the greatest attacking player of all time .
Tal won the strong 1958 Interzonal tournament , and the Candidates ' tournament in Yugoslavia , 1959 .
Tal he won all four individual games against Fischer , and took 3 Â 1\/2 points out of 4 from each of GligoriÄ , Olafsson , and Benko .
In 1960 , at the age of 23 , Tal defeated Mikhail Botvinnik in the Moscow World Championship match , by 12.5 â `` 8.5 -LRB- six wins , two losses , and thirteen draws -RRB- . This made him the youngest-ever world champion , a record later broken by Garry Kasparov .
Between 23 October 1973 and 16 October 1974 , he played 95 consecutive games without a loss -LRB- 46 wins and 49 draws -RRB- , shattering his previous record .
Mikhail Tal , known as Mischa , -LRB- Riga , 9 November 1936 â `` Moscow , 28 June 1992 -RRB- was a Sovietâ `` Latvian chess player , a Grandmaster , and the eighth World Chess Champion .
Botvinnik , who had never faced Tal before , won the return match against Tal in 1961 by 13 â `` 8 -LRB- ten wins to five , with six draws -RRB- .
In the Candidates he finished first , with 20\/28 points , ahead of Paul Keres with 18.5 , followed by Tigran Petrosian , Vasily Smyslov , Bobby Fischer , Svetozar GligoriÄ , FriÃ rik Ã `` lafsson , and Pal Benko .
In 1962 at CuraÃ ao , he had serious health problems , having undergone a major operation shortly before the tournament , and had to withdraw three-quarters of the way through , scoring just seven points -LRB- +3 -10 = 8 -RRB- from 21 games .
Tal 's short reign atop the chess world made him one of the two so-called ` winter kings ' who interrupted Botvinnik 's long reign from 1948 to 1963 -LRB- the other was Smyslov , world champion 1957 â `` 1958 -RRB- .
From July 1972 to April 1973 , Tal played 86 consecutive games without a loss -LRB- 47 wins and 39 draws -RRB- .
Tal played in a total of six Candidates ' tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title .
Between the matches Botvinnik thoroughly analyzed Tal 's style , and turned most of the return match 's games into close maneuvers and endgames , rather than the complicated tactical melÃ es which were Tal 's preference .
The Mikhail Tal Memorial tournament is held in Moscow each year since 2006 to honor his memory .
These are the two longest unbeaten streaks in modern chess history .
Neighbor districts are : Landsberg -LRB- district -RRB- , Starnberg Rural District , Bad TÃ lz-Wolfratshausen , Garmisch-Partenkirchen -LRB- district -RRB- and OstallgÃ u ; Weilheim i. OB is the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau .
Weilheim-Schongau is a rural district in Oberbayern in the south of Bavaria , Germany .
Shea was also the home of the New York Yankees while Yankee Stadium was being renovated for the 1974 and 1975 seasons .
William A. Shea Municipal Stadium or more commonly Shea Stadium -LRB- often referred to in short as Shea -RRB- was a major league ballpark that was the home for the New York Mets 1964 to 2008 when the Mets left for their new home Citi Field .
William A. Shea Municipal Stadium or more commonly Shea Stadium -LRB- often referred to in short as Shea -RRB- was a major league ballpark that was the home for the New York Mets 1964 to 2008 when the Mets left for their new home Citi Field . Shea was also the home of the New York Yankees while Yankee Stadium was being renovated for the 1974 and 1975 seasons .
The Compton effect was studied by Arthur Holly Compton in 1923 .
This scattering is one of the main things that happen when gamma rays meet matter .
This scattering is one of the main things that happen when gamma rays meet matter . The Compton effect was studied by Arthur Holly Compton in 1923 .
In physics , Compton scattering , or the Compton effect , is the name used for what happens to the energy -LRB- or frequency or wavelength -RRB- of an X-ray or gamma ray photon when it interacts with matter ; the wavelength increases -LRB- or energy\/frequency decreases -RRB- as it scatters off electrons .
Sparta is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Kunie Kitamoto -LRB- born 18 September 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vissel Kobe .
`` Happy Xmas -LRB- War Is Over -RRB- '' is a Christmas song by John Lennon , Yoko Ono and the The Plastic Ono Band .
Remilly-Wirquin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The signs lit up with the words `` Stop-DEATH-Stop '' along with a neon skull and crossbones .
The Billups signal was built like a giant steel gantry which went up and over the entire highway . This is similar to crossing signals used today in North America ; Mr. Billups ' signal may have been the very first time such a signal was built .
The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a special signal to warn car and truck drivers that a train was coming . It was placed at a dangerous Illinois Central railroad crossing on Mississippi State Route 7 in Grenada .
It was put up in the mid-1930s by inventor Alonzo Billups .
Vouvant is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Angeville is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es region of southern France .
Hiroki Ito -LRB- born 27 July 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kawasaki Frontale .
This category contains an alphabetical list of musicians who were members of the Chapel Royal .
Benjamin Lincoln and later Henry Knox held the position .
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President 's Cabinet , beginning with George Washington 's administration .
At first , he was responsible for all military affairs .
In 1798 , the Secretary of the Navy was added to the cabinet , and the scope of this office was reduced to a general concern with the Army .
A similar position , called either `` Secretary at War '' or `` Secretary of War , '' was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789 .
When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution , he appointed Knox to continue serving .
In 1947 , the departments were recombined under the Secretary of Defense .
The Secretary of War led the War Department .
The Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force , non-Cabinet positions under the Secretary of Defense .
It lies on the river Aude and is about 30 k due south of Carcassonne .
Alfred Waterhouse -LRB- 19 July 1830 â `` 22 August 1905 -RRB- was a British architect , particularly associated with the Victorian Gothic revival .
Though expert within Gothic and Renaissance styles , Waterhouse never limited himself to a single architectural style .
Financially speaking , Waterhouse was probably the most successful of all Victorian architects .
He is perhaps best known for his design for the Natural History Museum in London , although he also built a wide variety of other buildings throughout the country .
He worked there until 1986 and during this time was a regular visitor to the California Institute of Technology , the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and the University of California , in Berkeley where he worked as a visiting professor .
He was director at the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG from 1986 and was also a professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin from 1996 .
In 1986 , he became professor at the Free University of Berlin and the Technical University of Berlin .
Professor Ertl studied physics at the Technical University of Stuttgart from 1955 to 1957 . He studied at the University of Paris from 1957 to 1958 and then at Ludwig Maximillians University in Munich from 1958 to 1959 .
One was called low-energy electron diffraction -LRB- LEED -RRB- used at the beginning of his career and later he worked on ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy -LRB- UPS -RRB- and scanning tunneling microscope -LRB- STM -RRB- .
Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren .
His hobbies include playing the piano and also playing with his cats .
In 1973 , Professor Ertl returned to the Ludwig Maiximillians University of Munich to work as a professor at the Institute of Physical Chemistry .
After getting his PhD , he stayed in Munich as an assistant and a lecturer between 1965 and 1968 .
Then , he moved to the Technical University of Hannover where he worked as Professor and Director from 1968 to 1973 .
Shutter Island is a 2010 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese , with Leonardo DiCaprio , based on novel Dennis Levane .
IvÃ n Helguera -LRB- born 28 March 1975 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Most other uses such as for table ware , sanitary piping , or building decoration in freezing environments require that the material be glazed .
The term is also used to refer to items made out of this material and to its natural , brownish orange color , which varies considerably .
Other colors include yellow , gray , and pink .
The fired material is weak compared to stoneware .
Some types of terracotta are created from clay that includes recycled terracotta -LRB- `` grog '' -RRB- .
After pit firing the hot ware is covered with sand to cool , and after kiln firing the kiln is slowly cooled .
After thorough drying , it is placed in a kiln , or atop combustible material in a pit , and then fired .
Clay is partially dried and cast , molded , or hand worked into the desired shape .
Terracotta , if uncracked , will ring if lightly struck , but not as brightly as will ware fired at higher temperature , which is called stoneware .
Its uses include vessels , water and waste water pipes and surface embellishment in building construction , along with sculpture such as the Terracotta Army and Greek terracotta figurines .
The unglazed color after firing can vary widely , but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange , orangish red , or brownish orange color , with this range including various colors described as `` terracotta '' .
When unglazed , the material will not be waterproof , but it is suitable for in-ground use to carry pressurized water -LRB- an archaic use -RRB- , for garden ware , and sculpture or building decoration in tropical environments , and for oil containers , oil lamps , or ovens .
HernÃ n Gaviria -LRB- born 27 November 1969 - died 24 October 2002 -RRB- is a former Colombian football player .
Ricardo Faty -LRB- born 4 August 1986 -RRB- is a French football player .
Piper Street is the oldest street and still has many of its old buildings .
There is also the Kyneton campus of the Bendigo Regional Institute of TAFE -LRB- BRIT -RRB- , and the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE -LRB- NMIT -RRB- , NMIT Kyneton Park Training Centre at the Kyneton Racecourse .
The first European to explore the Kyneton area was Major Thomas Mitchell who crossed and named the Campaspe River in 1836 .
Kyneton was named after the English village of Kineton , Warwickshire .
Kyneton is a town in central Victoria , Australia .
In 2009 the Kyneton District Racing Club joined with the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE to use the racecourse for educational training .
Kyneton has several events during the year including the ANZAC Day parade , the Kyneton Jazz Festival , Kyneton Daffodil Festival , Kyneton Agricultural show and the Kyneton Cup -LRB- horse racing -RRB- .
Kyneton has a horse racing club , the Kyneton District Racing Club , which holds about 16 race meetings a year . The Kyneton Cup meeting is in November , the day after the Melbourne Cup -RRB- .
The famous bushranger , Ned Kelly , was put on trial in the Kyneton Courthouse in 1870 for robbery .
Kyneton has its own newspaper , the Midland Express , which also serves Castlemaine .
Kyneton is different from other towns in the area as it was settled in 1850 , a year before the gold rushes started .
Kyneton is famous for its springs , the Campaspe River , public gardens and old houses , many built from stone .
The Kyneton Golf Club is on Black Hill Road .
The town has a football team which plays in the Bendigo Football League .
The post office opened on 1 July 1843 , as Mount Macedon , but was renamed Kyneton on 1 January 1854 .
In 2006 there were 5,905 people living in Kyneton . It is on the Calder Highway , but the Calder Freeway now goes around the town to the north and east .
It was a farming area which became an important stop for those people going to the gold rushes at Mount Alexander and Bendigo .
Ostra is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
A quiz is a type of game or mind sport when the players -LRB- as individuals or in teams -RRB- try to answer questions correctly .
Quizzes are also used in education and similar fields to improve the growth of someone 's knowledge , abilities , and\/or skills .
Quizzes are usually scored in points . Many quizzes are designed for people to determine the winner of a group of participants - usually the participant with the highest score .
The Great Plains is a series of big plains in Canada and the United States .
Columbia County 's seat is Lake City .
Columbia County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida , and was formed on February 4 , 1832 .
As of 2000 , the population is 56,513 .
John Everett Otto -LRB- born March 22 , 1977 in Jacksonville , Florida -RRB- is the drummer and co-founder of the band Limp Bizkit .
Shell Rock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Maria Montessori created the first Montessori school .
Stoke-on-Trent is sometimes known to be the home of the pottery industry in the United Kingdom and is commonly known as The Potteries .
Salt Lick is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
ROTC in Korea started in 1963 ; while China created its own program in 1997 .
Reserve Officers ' Training Corps refers to the college-based , officer commissioning program , predominantly in the United States .
It is designed as a college elective that focuses on leadership development , problem solving , strategic planning , and professional ethics .
The Philippines established its program in 1912 , with the creation of the first unit at the University of Santo Tomas during American colonial rule .
The U.S. Armed Forces and a number of other national militaries , particularly those countries with strong historical ties to the United States , have ROTC programs .
Manuel Pablo -LRB- born 25 January 1976 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Deportivo La CoruÃ a.
It also has b-sides and remixes . It has a total of 63 tracks .
Singles 90\/98 is a compilation album by trip-hop band Massive Attack . It was released in 1998 .
Paul James Hartley -LRB- born October 19 , 1976 -RRB- is a Scottish football player .
Karapet `` Karo '' Parisyan -LRB- born August 28 , 1982 in Yerevan , Armenia -RRB- is an Armenian-American mixed martial arts fighter .
This is his own version of haiku .
All of the poets below have some haiku .
Japanese hokku and haiku are traditionally printed in one vertical line .
Japanese haiku are normally written in one line , while English language haiku are traditionally separated into three lines .
PÃ rotin 's music has been an influence on some 20th century composers who wrote minimalist music such as Steve Reich .
The video for `` Gin and Juice '' features Snoop Dogg wearing hockey jerseys from the Pittsburgh Penguins and the defunct Springfield -LRB- MA -RRB- Indians of the American Hockey League .
The music video was also fourth on MTV2 and XXL 's list of the 25 Greatest West Coast Videos .
There are four municipalities in the province and six municipal districts -LRB- similar to municipalities but depending of a municipality -RRB- . The municipalities and municipal districts -LRB- M.D. -RRB- are :
MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez is a province of the Dominican Republic .
Ashern is a community in Manitoba , Canada .
He has played for Japan national team .
Hiroshi Hirakawa -LRB- born 10 January 1965 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Macedonia national football team is the national football team of Macedonia .
The Baba Yaga is a mythical creature .
KÃ 1\/4 ttigen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
In 2008 , American sports television network ESPN ranked him 24th on their top drivers of all-time .
Nigel Ernest James Mansell OBE -LRB- born August 8 , 1953 in Upton-upon-Severn , Worcestershire -RRB- is a British racing driver from England who won both the Formula One World Championship -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and CART World Series -LRB- 1993 -RRB- .
Mansell remains the most successful British Formula One driver of all-time in terms of race wins with 31 victories , and is fourth overall on the Formula One race winners list behind Michael Schumacher , Alain Prost , and Ayrton Senna .
Mansell raced in the GP Masters series and signed a one-off race deal for the Scuderia Ecosse GT race team to drive their number 63 Ferrari430 GT2 car at Silverstone on 6 May 2007 .
He is the only person in history to hold both titles simultaneously , and was the first person to win the CART title in his debut season .
He was rated in the top 10 Formula One drivers of all time by Murray Walker , who was a Formula One commentator for 50 years .
His career in Formula One spanned 15 seasons , with his final two full seasons of top-level racing being spent in the CART series .
Nwankwo Kanu -LRB- born 1 August 1976 -RRB- is a Nigerian football player . He plays for Portsmouth and Nigeria national team .
Ryota Takasugi -LRB- born 10 January 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Ehime .
The Royal Canadian Air Cadets is a program for Canadian youth .
The Motto of the Air Cadets is `` To Learn To Serve To Advance .
The aim of the Air Cadets is to `` develop in youth the attributes of good citizenship and leadership ; promote physical fitness ; and to stimulate the interest of youth in the sea , land and air activities of the Canadian Forces .
The rank system in Air Cadets is founded in that ranking system used by the former Royal Canadian Air Force with some modifications .
1 -RRB- Air Cadet -LRB- AC -RRB- - When people first join Air Cadets , they get the rank of an Air Cadet .
The rank system in Air Cadets is founded in that ranking system used by the former Royal Canadian Air Force with some modifications . Royal Canadian Air Cadets are not part of the Canadian Forces and do not have to join the Canadian forces .
The two other cadet programs for youth in Canada are the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and the Royal Canadian Army Cadets .
The Flame Nebula is part of the Orion Molecular Cloud Complex . This is a star-making area that also has the famous Horsehead Nebula in it .
It is about 900 to 1,500 light-years away .
The Flame Nebula , also known as NGC 2024 , is a nebula in the constellation Orion .
The bright star Alnitak -LRB- Î Ori -RRB- , the most eastern star in the Belt of Orion , shines a glow of electrons into the Flame Nebula .
Shunichi Nakajima -LRB- born 16 June 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Bundy and his mother moved to Washington where she married a man named John .
Theodore Robert `` Ted '' Bundy -LRB- November 24 , 1946 - January 24 , 1989 -RRB- was an American serial killer .
Warning : You are starting a page that was previously deleted .
Anguerny is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
A Munro is any Scottish mountain with a height over 3,000 feet -LRB- 914.4 metres -RRB- .
It is found in the northern area of the state of ParanÃ . It is 369 km away from the capital , Curitiba .
Belmont University is a private , coeducational university in Nashville , Tennessee .
Coins were made that were worth 5 li and bigger values . The largest value coin was 10 fen .
The Yuan was subdivided into 10 chiao , 100 fen or 1000 li .
In 1944 and 1945 , Manchukuo made coins of red or brown cardboard .
These are a rare coins as they are not made of metal .
The Manchukuo yuan was the money used in the Empire of Manchukuo , from June 1932 until August 1945 .
In 1940 the Manchukuo yuan was being used to measure Manchukuo exports and imports to America , Germany and Japan .
Moon River is a popular song and the actress Audrey Hepburn sang it in the movie Breakfast at Tiffany 's . Henry Mancini wrote the song 's music and Johnny Mercer wrote the words .
Warm fronts move more slowly than cold fronts .
It separates warm air from the colder air above .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city was 4,965 .
Adamsville is a city in Jefferson County , Alabama , United States .
Ian Beale is a fictional character in EastEnders . He is played by Adam Woodyatt .
Ellon , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Michael Gerard Tyson -LRB- June 30 , 1966 -RRB- is a retired American boxer .
Heavener is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Rhodes is the capital of Rhodes island and Dodekanisa prefecture .
In the antiquity on the port of Rhodes there was the gigantic statue of God Sun which was named Colossus of Rhodes .
In October , the Chinese retreated out of Wuhan .
The Battle of Wuhan was a Japanese attack on Wuhan that started on February 1938 and ended on October 1938 . The city of Wuhan was a big city , the military base of 1,100,000 Chinese soldiers .
\/ \/ To keep things simple we 'll ignore all image links .
\/ \/ function autoEdUnicodeHex -LRB- txt -RRB-
because some people prefer \/ \/ underscores in the file name and the caption can contain god-knows-what .
\/ \/ one easy way is to flag them with a character which should never be used , \/ \/ but if it is already present we have a problem , so let 's just quit .
It was discovered on 7 August 1915 by the Soviet astronomer Grigory Nikolaevich Neujmin at Simeis , Ukraine .
916 America is a minor planet that is orbiting the Sun in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter .
Observations by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite have since shown that it has a diameter of 33.2 Â 1.3 km , with an absolute magnitude of 11.20 and an albedo -LRB- the extent to which it reflects light -RRB- of 0.053 Â 0.004 .
In 1986 , believing that the asteroid was of S-type and that it had a diameter of 15 km , the length of 916 America 's day was thought to be 38 hours .
It was originally called 916 Î # I , but was renamed 916 America on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to pay tribute to `` the friendly relations of the astronomical observatories and astronomers '' .
Another possible reason for the name was as a mark of thankfulness for the help given during the famine in Crimea by the American Relief Administration under President Herbert Hoover .
A head coach , senior coach or manager is a person who trains and develops men and women who play sports .
In some sports such as soccer and baseball , the head coach is called a manager . In other sports , such as Australian rules football , they are called a senior coach .
Assistant coaches often work in offensive positions or defensive positions .
They usually hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches on the team .
One of David 's most famous paintings is of his best friend Jean-Paul Marat who was killed during the French Revolution . David 's painting helped make Marat into a popular martyred hero .
The scientific name Fringillidae comes from the Latin word fringilla for the Chaffinch -LRB- Fringilla coelebs -RRB- , which is common in Europe .
Finches are passerine songbirds in the family Fringillidae .
Many birds in other families are also commonly called `` finches '' They include â cents some species in the very similar-looking waxbills -LRB- family Passeridae , of the Old World tropics and Australia ; â cents several groups of the bunting and American sparrow family -LRB- Emberizidae -RRB- ; â cents Darwin 's ` finches ' of the Galapagos Islands , which provided evidence of natural selection . They are now recognized to be peculiar tanagers -LRB- Thraupidae -RRB- .
Some species are being imported or smuggled into other countries and sold as exotic pets .
The University of Texas at Arlington is a public university in Arlington , Texas .
It was founded in 1895 .
Shigeki Kurata -LRB- born 22 June 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Bruno N ` Gotty -LRB- born 10 June 1971 -RRB- is a French football player .
The discovery of S. sikkanniensis in British Columbia in the 1990s made S. popularis the smaller of the Shonisaurus species .
Fossils of Shonisaurus were first found in a large deposit in Nevada in 1920 .
The better known S. popularis species was about 15 metres -LRB- 50ft -RRB- long , but a more recently discovered species , S. sikkanniensis , was longer still , at about 21m -LRB- 70ft -RRB- .
All of these features suggest that Shonisaurus may be a relatively specialised offshoot of the main ichthyosaur evolutionary line .
It had a large whale-like body , a long dolphin-like snout , and its flippers were much longer , and narrower than in other ichthyosaurs .
These were named Shonisaurus , -LRB- `` Lizard from the Shoshone Mountains '' -RRB- .
An ichthyosaur found in the Himalayan mountains called Himalayasaurus , may be the same animal as Shonisaurus .
Excavations , begun in 1954 under the direction of Charles Camp and Samuel Welles of the University of California , Berkeley , were continued by Camp throughout the 60s .
Shonisaurus had a long pointed mouth that contained teeth only at the front end .
Thirty years later , they were excavated , uncovering the remains of 37 very large ichthyosaurs .
The Nevada fossil sites can currently be viewed at the Berlin-Ichthyosaur State Park .
The first species discovered , S. popularis , was adopted as the state fossil of Nevada in 1984 .
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands , near the border with Germany .
It got city rights in 1249 .
Ryland Heights is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Claudius himself traveled to the island after the completion of initial offensives , bringing with him reinforcements and elephants .
His first marriage , to Plautia Urgulanilla , occurred after two failed betrothals .
Britain was an attractive target for Rome because of its wealth -- particularly mines and slaves .
Claudius ' genuine surviving letters , speeches , and sayings were incorporated into the text -LRB- mostly in the second book , Claudius the God -RRB- in order to add authenticity .
The annexation of Mauretania , begun under Caligula , was completed after the defeat of rebel forces , and divided into two provinces .
Graves 's two books were the basis for an I , Claudius TV series by the BBC .
His survival led to his being declared emperor -LRB- at the insistence of the Praetorian Guard -RRB- after Caligula 's assassination . He was then the last adult male of his family .
When the British general Caractacus was captured in 50 , Claudius granted him his life .
The Senate quickly met and began debating a change of government .
Claudius ' infirmity may have saved him from the purges of Tiberius ' and Caligula 's reigns ; enemies did not see him as a serious threat .
Messalina was regularly unfaithful to Claudius and manipulated his policies in order to amass wealth .
Agrippina had motive in ensuring the succession of Nero before Britannicus could gain power .
According to tradition , a Praetorian named Gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him Emperor .
During their marriage she gave birth to a son , Claudius Drusus .
It was a substantial critical success , and won several BAFTA awards .
There is no evidence that Claudius had a direct hand in the assassination , although it has been argued that he knew about the plot .
The most important new expansion was the conquest of Britannia .
It was also a haven for Gallic rebels and the like , and so could not be left alone much longer .
Claudius is the source for numerous passages of Pliny 's Natural History .
Nero was popular with the public as the grandson of Germanicus and the direct descendant of Augustus .
Claudius conducted a census in 48 AD that found 5,984,072 Roman citizens , an increase of about a million since the census conducted at Augustus ' death .
Besides the history of Augustus ' reign , his major works included an Etruscan history and eight volumes on Carthaginian history , as well as an Etruscan dictionary and a book on dice playing .
The result was the execution of Silius , Messalina , and most of her circle .
Claudius later divorced Urgulanilla for adultery and on suspicion of murdering her sister-in-law Apronia .
Some years after divorcing Aelia Paetina , in 38 or early 39 AD , Claudius married Valeria Messalina , who was his first cousin once removed and closely allied with Caligula 's circle .
Claudius married four times .
Claudius has been portrayed in film on several occasions . I , Claudius -LRB- 1937 , Director Josef von Stromberg -RRB- , unfinished ; Charles Laughton as Claudius was a great performance .
He fled to the palace to hide .
Unfortunately , Drusus died of asphyxiation in his early teens , shortly after becoming engaged to Junilla , the daughter of Sejanus .
When Urgulanilla gave birth after the divorce , Claudius repudiated the baby girl , Claudia , as the father was one of his own freedmen .
Claudius made the Praetorians promise to kill him if he ever married again .
When they heard of the Praetorians ' claim , they demanded that Claudius be delivered to them for approval . He refused , sensing danger .
Suetonius quotes Claudius ' autobiography once , and must have used it as a source numerous times .
Finally , he wrote an eight-volume autobiography .
The series starred Derek Jacobi as Claudius and was broadcast in 1976 on BBC2 .
In any case , Claudius accepted Agrippina , and later adopted the newly mature Nero as his son .
The best known fictional representation of the Emperor Claudius were the books I , Claudius and Claudius the God -LRB- published in 1934 and 1935 -RRB- by the poet Robert Graves . They were both written in the first-person , as if they are Claudius ' autobiography .
Soon after -LRB- possibly in 28 AD -RRB- , Claudius married Aelia Paetina , a relative of Sejanus , if not Sejanus 's adoptive sister .
The Senate granted him a triumph for his efforts : only members of the imperial family were allowed such honors .
Unfortunately , none of these major works survive .
The surviving works of Claudius present a different view . They paint a picture of an intelligent , scholarly , well-read , and conscientious administrator with an eye to detail and justice .
Agrippina 's son Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus -LRB- the Emperor Nero -RRB- was one of the last males of the imperial family .
Claudius wrote copiously throughout his life .
Nero was made joint heir with the underage Britannicus , married to Octavia and heavily promoted .
The attempted coup d'etat by Silius and Messalina had probably made Claudius realize the weakness of his position since he did not have an obvious adult heir , Britannicus being just a boy .
A son , first named Tiberius Claudius Germanicus , and later known as Britannicus , was born just after Claudius ' accession .
The provinces of Thrace , Judea and three other provinces were annexed during his term .
Thus , Claudius becomes an enigma .
Graves ' plot suggested there were recently discovered , genuine translations of Claudius ' writings .
Since the discovery of his letter to the Alexandrians in the last century , much work has been done to rehabilitate Claudius and determine where the truth lies .
Claudius -LRB- Tiberius Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus , 11 August 10 BC â `` 13 October 54 AD -RRB- was the fourth Roman Emperor .
In the chaos following the murder , Claudius witnessed the German guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen , including many of his friends .
On 24 January 41 AD , Caligula was assassinated by a broad-based conspiracy .
Claudius later lifted this restriction for some of his generals .
This marriage ended in tragedy .
During their marriage , Claudius and Paetina had a daughter , Claudia Antonia .
Claudius is the last person known to have been able to read Etruscan .
Under Claudius , the empire expanded for the first time since the reign of Augustus .
The surviving reels were featured in the BBCtv documentary The Epic that never was -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , revealing some of Laughton 's most accomplished acting .
They reassured him that they were not one of the groups looking for revenge .
Eventually the Senate was forced to give in and , in return , Claudius pardoned nearly all the assassins .
Tacitus may have used him for some of the more antiquarian passages in his annals .
Caractacus lived out his days on land provided by the Roman state , an unusual end for an enemy commander .
Shortly thereafter , she gave birth to a daughter Claudia Octavia .
In 48 AD Messalina married her lover Gaius Silius in a public ceremony while Claudius was at Ostia .
The series was later broadcast in the United States on Masterpiece Theatre in 1977 .
Future coup attempts could rally around the pair , and Agrippina was already showing such ambition .
A section of the guard may have planned to seek out Claudius , perhaps with his approval .
Accounts vary greatly , but nearly all implicate his last wife , Agrippina , as the instigator .
In 43 AD , Claudius sent four legions to Britain -LRB- Britannia -RRB- .
The DVD release of the television series contains the The Epic that Never Was documentary .
They do live on as sources for the surviving histories of the Julio-Claudian dynasty .
The consensus of ancient historians was that Claudius was murdered by poison , and died in the early hours of 13 October , 54 AD .
The main sights of Emmetten are the St. Anna chapel in SchÃ neck , the church St. Jakob und St. Theresia , the chapel of the holy cross with frescos of danse macabre in Sagendorf , and the chapel in Erlen .
Emmetten is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
Also near the city , in the Valle Bona area , are excavations of Etruscan tombs .
When the Florentian Republic fell in 1530 , Volterra came under the control of the Medici family . It later became part of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany .
The Medici Villa di Spedaletto is located outside the city in direction of Lajatico .
Sir Newton James Moore -LRB- 17 May 1870 â `` 28 October 1936 -RRB- was the 8th Premier of Western Australia from 7 May 1906 until 16 September 1910 . After he was Premier he became a member of the British House of Commons .
The Best Damn Thing is the fourth single off the album The Best Damn Thing by Avril Lavigne .
She was nominated three times for Best Supporting Actress .
She received the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Marge in 1996 's Fargo .
Frances McDormand is an American movie , television and stage actress .
Albert Luque -LRB- born 11 March 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Yoshiro Nakamura -LRB- born 17 October 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Yuji Tsukada -LRB- born 28 December 1957 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
But new research has shown it to be rarer than it was thought .
Because of this , it is uplisted to `` Endangered status '' in 2008 .
Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
It was first classified as a Vulnerable species by the IUCN .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
Please delete any unused parameters to avoid clutter in the edit window .
Note : this template is currently for testing purposes only .
HTML versions of the IETF documents are created with with the Rfcmarkup tool from Henrik Levkowetz .
Copy a blank version to use .
Remember to use the '' '' -LRB- pipe -RRB- character between each parameter .
Note : All parameter names must be in lowercase .
Except where specifically prohibited in the parameter descriptions below , most parameters can be wikilinked -LRB- e.g. -RRB- , but should generally only be linked to an existing Wikipedia article .
generates generates generates generates The template will give priority to the first of the parameters : , , , or in this order and create an anchor using the first matching parameter .
Any wikilinked parameter must not contain any brackets apart from normal round brackets -- do n't use .
Estimates are that there may be 50 million cases of dengue infection worldwide each year . The disease is now endemic in more than 100 countries .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
This ended the Harrier production line .
At present the Boeing\/BAE Systems AV-8B Harrier II is used by NATO countries such as the United States , Spain and Italy .
Manufacture of new Harriers ended in 1997 . The last remanufactured aircraft -LRB- Harrier II Plus configuration -RRB- was delivered in December 2003 .
There was no financial support for the development from HM Treasury , but support was found from NATO .
They were redeveloped and manufactured by British Aerospace and Macdonald Douglas , companies which are now owned by BAE Systems and Boeing , respectively .
In 1967 , the Bristol Engine Company came up with the radical idea of a directed thrust engine . Next , Hawker Aircraft came up with a design for an aeroplane that could meet the NATO specification for a `` light tactical support fighter '' .
A modified version , the BAE Systems\/Boeing Harrier II is used by the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy .
Between 1969 and 2003 , 824 Harrier variants were delivered .
The South Stand is opposite the main stand and a quarter of this section is used to accommodate traveling supporters , except for Old Firm games , where half of this stand is given to the visiting fans .
For the 2007 â `` 08 season , the change strip is all-white , with a third kit of yellow and black halves available if needed for European games , or in the event of a clash involving both red and white .
The current version of the crest , which retains these elements in a unified design , was introduced at the start of the 1997 â `` 98 season .
Socks were black with gold trim , either as stripes or as a solid bar at the turndown .
The first red strips were worn with white shorts , these were worn with either red or white socks from 1939 until the 1965 â `` 66 season .
The stadium contains 21,600 seats , but due to the directors ' boxes , some sources place this figure at 22,000 .
The newest element is the Richard Donald stand at the East , or Beach End , of the ground , and is named after former chairman Dick Donald .
In the late 1970s an Admiral strip featured five vertical white stripes on the left side of the shirt and shorts , and the early 1980s shirtsâ '' as worn at the 1983 European Cup Winners Cup finalâ '' featured white vertical pinstripes .
The record attendance occurred on March 13 1954 , when 45,061 spectators turned up for a Scottish Cup match between Aberdeen and Hearts .
The logo was completed by the letters FC in smaller type at a level with the ball element .
Shirt sponsorship began in 1987 , and the initial shirt sponsor was JVC .
For the 1904 â `` 05 season , Aberdeen adopted a black and gold striped shirt , which led to the team being nicknamed `` Wasps '' .
At the launch , it was claimed that over a five-year period , around 50 players and staff would be inducted .
In November 1972 , the club unveiled an official crest or logo , designed by Aberdonian graphic designer Donald Addison .
Caretaker managers are not listed .
They are also the only Scottish team to have won two European trophies , both in the same year , however they have not won any silverware since 1995 .
Since then , with the club making fewer appearances on the international stage , shirt sponsors have tended to be more localâ '' they have included one of the local commercial radio stations , Northsound .
The club initially rented the ground , but subsequently bought it in 1920 .
The design represented a capital letter A as the side view of a football goal , with a ball forming the crossbar of the letter .
This level of success was surpassed in the 1980s , when , under the management of Alex Ferguson , they won three league titles , four Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup , alongside the European honors .
Later design changes included significant amounts of blue , and a one season reversion to white shorts , although the all-red scheme returned in 1997 .
Aberdeen have no geographically close rivals ; their nearest neighbors at the same level are in the city of Dundee , with Dundee United having been their principal rivals in the New Firm in the 1980s .
Two stars signifying the winning of the two European cups in 1983 were introduced over the badge in the 2005 â `` 06 season .
Formed in 1903 as a result of the amalgamation of three clubs from Aberdeen , they rarely challenged for honors until the 1950s , when they won each of the major Scottish trophies under manager Dave Halliday .
The club 's colors have been primarily red and white since 1939 ; before this , they played in black and gold vertical stripes .
The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899 , in a 7 â `` 1 win over Dumbarton ; when they merged with two other teams in 1903 , the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground .
On August 15 1903 , 8,000 spectators turned up to watch the new Aberdeen draw 1-1 against Stenhousemuir , the first game played at Pittodrie by its amalgamated tenants .
Aberdeen Football Club -LRB- also known as The Dons , The Reds and The Dandies -RRB- is a Scottish professional football club based in Aberdeen .
Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium , the name of which comes from the Pictish for `` place of manure '' , throughout their existence .
Aberdeen inaugurated the Hall of Fame following the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
This is a modern , twoâ `` tier design , completed in 1993 , containing hospitality suites which is significantly taller than the other structures at the ground .
This ball was crosshatched in such a way as to depict it as being inside the net , signifying the scoring of a goal .
In March 1939 , Aberdeen changed the black and gold colors to red and white , reflecting the silver and red colors of the official City of Aberdeen arms .
Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title , in 1984 â `` 85 .
The Merkland Road Stand is primarily for families .
Only competitive matches are counted .
The Main Stand , which houses the club offices and players facilities , holds the majority of the supporters .
They compete in the Scottish Premier League and are one of the most successful teams in their country , having won four league titles and seven Scottish Cups .
This arrangement has continued to the present day , with several variations in design , in common with most senior clubs as the replica shirt market has expanded .
This badge was used on the shirts from around 1978 , with no significant alterations until the mid-1980s when the words `` Aberdeen Football Club '' were added in a circular border , and the date of the club 's founding , 1903 , was added under the goal element .
This strip , with only minor variations , was worn until just before the start of the Second World War .
In 1978 , Pittodrie became the first all covered , all-seater stadium in Britain .
The ground currently has a capacity of 22,199 and was the first all-seated and all-covered stadium in the United Kingdom .
The stadium consists of four stands .
Pittodrie was also the first football stadium to feature a dugout , an invention of player and coach Donald Colman .
Aberdeen have played at Pittodrie Stadium since their inception .
The blue shorts lasted until 1911 , and then were replaced with white ones .
In 1966 , Aberdeen adopted red shorts , making the official kit all-red , similar to that of Liverpool , who made a similar change at around the same time .
Aberdeen attract support from the city and surrounding areas , as they are the only senior team within a wide area .
The club did not have an official crest before 1972 , but several variations on the letters AFC had from time to time featured on the shirt , usually in some kind of cursive font .
Change , or `` away '' , strips have tended to be either white , often with black shorts , or a combination of yellow and black , referring back to the black and gold strips of the pre-war era , although for a time in the 1970s , Aberdeen sported an all-blue change strip with white socks .
Hamilton is a town in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
The Catalan language is a Romance language spoken in Catalonia , Valencia , the eastern part of Aragon , the Balearic Islands , a small zone of Murcia -LRB- all of them in Spain -RRB- , Andorra , North Catalonia -LRB- in France -RRB- and in the Italian city of L'Alguer .
The Pioneer program is the name of a few unmanned space missions done by NASA between 1958 and 1978 .
Hollerado is an Canadian indie rock band from Manotick , Ontario .
Hollerado has four members in the band ; the current band members are Dean Baxter , Jake Boyd , Nixon Boyd and Menno Versteeg .
He found some comets , such as the periodic comet 22P\/Kopff and the non-periodic C\/1906 E1 .
He found many asteroids , such as the notable Trojan asteroids 617 Patroclus and 624 Hektor .
August Kopff -LRB- February 5 1882 â `` April 25 1960 -RRB- was a German astronomer who found many comets and asteroids .
A crater on the Moon is named after him : see Kopff -LRB- crater -RRB- .
He wrote an autobiography called The Gospel According to Chris Moyles : The Story of One Man and his Mouth .
Apart from the radio , Moyles has also made television appearances . He wrote an autobiography called The Gospel According to Chris Moyles : The Story of One Man and his Mouth .
Lent is a commune .
In 1831 , Orange became the birthplace of United States president James A. Garfield .
Orange was first settled in 1815 , and was founded as a township in 1820 .
The population was 3,236 people as of 2000 .
Orange was made into a village in 1929 .
It is a suburb of the big city of Cleveland .
Orange is a village of Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
This is a list of circuits -LRB- race tracks -RRB- which have hosted a FIA World Championship race from season to season .
The longest was Pescara Circuit -LRB- 25 km -RRB- which normally held the Coppa Acerbo race , and hosted one World Championship race , the Pescara Grand Prix .
The first to do so was Silverstone , where the first World Championship race , the British Grand Prix , was held .
Current circuits -LRB- those 19 tracks which will host a race in the 2010 season -RRB- are shown in bold .
One of the most famous is the old NÃ 1\/4 rburgring -LRB- 22 km -RRB- which hosted the German Grand Prix from 1951 to 1976 .
Various different forms of race track have been used throughout the history of Formula One ; purpose-built race tracks such as Suzuka , road tracks such as Spa and city street tracks such as Monaco .
In total , 69 different circuits have hosted World Championship races .
Highways lead to and from population centres , mainly Melbourne and other major cities .
Other popular tourism activities are gliding , hang-gliding , hot air ballooning and scuba diving .
Melbourne Airport is the biggest domestic and international airport for Victoria .
Victoria is the home of AFL , with ten of the sixteen clubs of the Australian Football League based in Victoria , and the traditional Grand Final held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on the last Saturday in September .
Victoria has the highest population density of a state in Australia .
Additional seaports are at Westernport Bay , Geelong , and Portland .
Victoria has one team each represented in the National Rugby League and the Australian Rugby Championship , the Melbourne Storm and Melbourne Rebels respectively .
The Port of Melbourne or Port Melbourne is the largest port for cargo in Australia , located in Melbourne near Yarra River .
Villedieu is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
FTSE stands for Financial Times Stock Exchange .
FTSE stands for Financial Times Stock Exchange . 100 of the biggest companies in the United Kingdom are listed on it .
She is the wife of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Tony Blair .
Cherie Blair , QC was born 23 September 1954 in Bury , England . She is a barrister .
Schilde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
The monasteries are built on natural sandstone rock pillars , at the northwestern edge of the Plain of Thessaly near the Peneios river and Pindus Mountains , in central Greece .
The MetÃ ora -LRB- , `` suspended rocks '' , `` suspended in the air '' or `` in the heavens above '' -RRB- is the name for a number of monasteries in Greece .
MetÃ ora 's criteria for the UNESCO World Heritage Site are I , II , IV , V and VII .
The 5th millennium is a period of time that will start on January 1 , 4001 , and end on December 31 , 5000 .
In the United States , for example , the national government has an income tax ; most states have an income tax or a sales tax , or both ; and cities and towns may have a sales tax or a property tax .
There are also taxes based on how much a person owns , called property tax . Things like houses have a property tax on them .
There are also taxes based on how much a person owns , called property tax .
Some people suggest replacing the income tax with a larger sale tax . That idea is called the fair tax .
This is a sales tax or value added tax -LRB- VAT -RRB- .
`` Sexy Sadie '' was about Lennon 's disappointment with the Maharishi : `` You made a fool of everyone . ''
S\/2004 S 13 is a moon of Saturn .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on May 4 , 2005 , from observations taken between December 12 , 2004 , and March 9 , 2005 .
S\/2004 S 13 is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,056,000 km in 905.848 days , at an inclination of 167 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 143 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.261 .
Many musicians who became famous studied music at the Royal Academy of Music .
AirPort and AirPort Extreme are local area wireless networking products that are made by the company Apple Inc.
Both the AirPort and the AirPort Extreme can both mean the protocol , the expansion card or the base station .
The name comes from the Greek hapsis = touch , and nema = thread .
The cells typically have two slightly unequal flagella and a unique organelle called a haptonema . This is is superficially similar to a flagellum , but differs in its arrangement of microtubules , and in its use .
Molecular and morphological evidence places them in five orders ; coccolithophores make up the Isochrysidales and Coccolithales .
Haptophytes are a phylum of algae , sometimes called the Prymnesiophyta .
The Japanese in particular developed hundreds of types of joints and their furniture was often held together without glue or nails .
There are different types of joinery for different structures , for example the joinery used to build a house is different from that used to make puzzle toys , although elements overlap .
Traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without mechanical fasteners .
Two of the most common traditions of joinery are Japanese and European .
Wood is strong when stressed along the grain -LRB- longitudinally -RRB- , but weak across it -LRB- radially and tangentially -RRB- .
Traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without mechanical fasteners . There are different types of joinery for different structures , for example the joinery used to build a house is different from that used to make puzzle toys , although elements overlap .
Angela Lansbury -LRB- born 1925 -RRB- is an actress . Lansbury played Jessica Fletcher in the television series Murder , She Wrote .
Angela Lansbury -LRB- born 1925 -RRB- is an actress .
EasyJet Airline Company Limited , styled as easyJet , is a low cost airline based at London Luton Airport .
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
It was named in March 2005 after Carpo , one of the Horae , and a daughter of Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- .
Carpo is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 17,145,000 km in 458.625 days , at an inclination of 56 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 55 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , and with an eccentricity of 0.2736 .
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 , and was designated as ' until it got its name in early 2005 .
Chandpur has 6 municipalities , 60 wards , 195 mahallas , 7 upazilas , 1 thana , 87 union parishads and 1226 villages .
It is bordered by Munshiganj District and Comilla District on the north , Noakhali District , Lakshmipur District and Barisal District on the south , Comilla District on the east , and Meghna River , Shariatpur District and Munshiganj District on the west .
Chandpur district has a total area of 1704.06 square kilometres .
Chandpur lies where two of the biggest rivers of Bangladesh meet , the Padma River and the Meghna River .
The administrative subdivisions called upazilas are :
In 1991 the religions of the people of this district were recorded as being : Muslim - 92.55 % , Hindu - 7.18 % , Buddhist - 0.06 % , Christian - 0.07 % and Others - 0.14 % .
The municipalities are Chandpur Sadar , Shahrasti , Matlab , Changer Char and Hajiganj .
Yo -LRB- Ð , Ñ ` -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet .
December begins on the same day of the week as September every year .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year , with 31 days .
It was the tenth month of the year before January and February were added to the Roman calendar .
From the Latin decem for `` ten '' .
FÃ lix Dja Ettien -LRB- born 26 September 1979 -RRB- is a CÃ te d'Ivoire football player .
It is a widespread , and well known group of over 375 species , which are closely related apomictic microspecies native all over the temperate Northern hemisphere and South America .
Blackberries and raspberries are also called `` caneberries '' or `` brambles . ''
The blackberry is an edible fruit made by any of several species in the Rubus genus of the Rosaceae family .
Sommeri is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Corning is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Bhangra is a type of dance . The dance started in the Punjab region and began as a folk dance which was conducted by Punjabi Sikh farmers to celebrate the coming of the harvest season .
Example for such beans are Coffee beans , Cocoa beans , and Vanilla beans .
This is mostly because of their resemblance to true beans . Example for such beans are Coffee beans , Cocoa beans , and Vanilla beans .
It may have also fed upon sea turtles , fish , and other aquatic and terrestrial prey .
It had large , robust teeth that were built for crushing , and its back was covered with thick round bony plates .
Deinosuchus was probably capable of killing and eating large dinosaurs .
Deinosuchus fossils have been found in ten U.S. states , as well as northern Mexico .
Deinosuchus reached its largest size in its western habitat , but the eastern populations were far more abundant .
Opinion remains divided as to whether these two populations represent separate species .
One study indicates that Deinosuchus may have lived for up to 50 years , growing at a similar rate to that of modern crocodilians , but maintaining this growth over a much longer period of time .
Although Deinosuchus was far larger than any modern crocodile or alligatorâ '' measuring up to 12 m and weighing up to 8.5 Mâ '' its overall appearance was fairly similar to its modern relatives .
It lived on both sides of the Western Interior Seaway , and was an ambush apex predator in the coastal regions of eastern North America .
In Major League Baseball , the National League Championship Series -LRB- NLCS -RRB- , played in October , is a playoff round that decides the winner of the National League pennant . The winner of the series moves on to play the winner of the American League Championship Series in baseball 's championship , the World Series .
Petra Haden -LRB- born October 11 , 1971 in New York City -RRB- is an American violinist and singer .
Russellville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
It was names for General William Russell . He was a soldier in the Revolutionary War in the United States .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Edgewater , Volusia County is a city of Florida in the United States .
By the early 9th century the former territories of the Kamsarakans in Arsharunik and Shirak -LRB- including Ani -RRB- had been incorporated into the territories of the Armenian Bagratuni dynasty .
These include a convent known as the Virgins ' chapel ; a church used by Chalcedonian Armenians ; the remains of a single-arched bridge over the Arpa river ; the ruins of numerous oil-presses and several bath houses ; the remains of a second mosque with a collapsed minaret ; a palace that probably dates from the 13th century ; the foundations of several other palaces and smaller residences ; the recently excavated remains of several streets lined with shops ; etc.
At the height of its great times , Ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of Constantinople , Baghdad and Cairo .
It was once the capital of a medieval Armenian kingdom that covered much of present day Armenia and eastern Turkey .
There are many other minor monuments at Ani .
Ani -LRB- , Latin : Abnicum -RRB- is a ruined and uninhabited medieval city-site situated in the Turkish province of Kars , beside the border with Armenia .
Their leader , Ashot Msaker -LRB- Ashot the Meateater -RRB- -LRB- 806-827 -RRB- was given the title of ishkhan -LRB- prince -RRB- of Armenia by the Caliphate in 804 .
Long ago renowned for its splendor and magnificence , Ani has been abandoned and largely forgotten for centuries .
Boom Boom Pow is a hit song by the music group the Black Eyed Peas . It is off their album The E.N.D.
The Royal Opera House is the home of the Royal Opera and the Royal Ballet .
The Royal Opera House is a famous opera house in London . Sometimes it is called `` Covent Garden '' because it is in the area of London called Covent Garden .
The Siege of Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2 , 1187 .
Balian of Ibelin defended Jerusalem against the armies of Saladin .
Early cyanobacteria in stromatolites are thought to be largely responsible for increasing the amount of oxygen in the primaeval Earth 's atmosphere through their continuing photosynthesis .
The East End of London , known locally as the East End , generally refers to the area of central London , England , east of the medieval walled City of London and north of the River Thames .
It is in Travelcard Zone 3 .
On the DLR City Airport extension there is a station planned south-east of here called Thames Wharf , depending mainly on the regeneration of the area .
It is served by London Underground 's Jubilee Line and the Docklands Light Railway -LRB- DLR -RRB- , as well as being served by local buses operated on behalf of London Buses .
The North London Line platforms will be redeveloped as part of the extension of the DLR from Canning Town to Stratford International via West Ham , which would see a more frequent service to Stratford , although passengers to NLL destinations beyond will have to change .
Canning Town station is a major inter-modal transport interchange in East London .
Markham is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Ryder was also known for being part of a tag team with Curt Hawkins .
Matthew Cardona -LRB- born May 14 , 1985 in Merrick , New York -RRB- better known by his ring name Zack Ryder , is a Amercan professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- and to the Raw brand .
The Acid Survivors Foundation is a Bangladeshi organization that helps victims of acid attacks and tries to prevent these attacks . .
'' ` Innocent ' '' is a 2002 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the second single from their fifth studio album Gravity , which was released in 2002 .
The song was written by Raine Maida and was produced by Bob Rock .
Maida stated in 2002 that Innocent was his favorite song on the Gravity album and said that `` I wrote this song over a year ago and I was originally hesitant to play it for the band , but once we got into the studio and began working with Bob we were able to make it an Our Lady Peace song . '' .
Uncle John 's Bathroom Readers is the name of a series of books aimed at people who like to read while using the restroom . The books are full of trivia .
Velpur is the one of the Mandals in the nizamabad district of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Rembrandt is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Astrid uses this new power to force Ingrid to tell her about her father .
If Astrid lies and agrees to Ingrid 's version of the story , Ingrid will be likely be freed . But if she tells the truth , Ingrid will be put in jail again .
Her third foster home is with a woman named Claire Richards . She is very lonely since her husband Ron is always out on business trips .
Astrid is put in a fourth home .
During this time , there is a movement to free Ingrid .
She chooses a home with a Russian mother named Rena , knowing that Rena will not love her like Claire did because she does not want to see this happen again .
When Ingrid meets Astrid again , she is shocked at how Astrid has turned herself .
It dissolves easily in bases to make arsenites .
Arsenic trioxide , also known as white arsenic , arsenic -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , or arsenious oxide , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is As2O3 .
About 50,000 tons of arsenic trioxide are made each year . Arsenic trioxide is made by burning arsenic in air , reacting arsenic with concentrated sulfuric acid , or the roasting of arsenic sulfide ores .
Arsenic trioxide is made by burning arsenic in air , reacting arsenic with concentrated sulfuric acid , or the roasting of arsenic sulfide ores .
It reacts with concentrated hydrochloric acid to make arsenic trichloride .
It reacts with very strong oxidizing agents to make arsenic pentoxide .
The Speaker is always a member of the majority party -LRB- the party with the most members -RRB- .
The current Speaker of the House is John Boehner of Ohio , a Republican .
The Speaker of the United States House of Representatives is the leader of the United States House of Representatives in the government of the United States .
The Class 175 Coradia is a model of diesel multiple unit passenger train used in the United Kingdom .
They were built from 1999 -- 2001 by Alstom at Washwood Heath in Birmingham .
Ten Who Dared is a movie made by Disney in 1960 .
It tells the real story of an officer of the United States Army called John Wesley Powell who was the first to travel up the Colorado river with other nine men to make a map of the region , and the dangers they had to face in their trip .
Kiribati used to be called the Gilbert Islands .
Kiribati became an independent republic in 1979 .
In 1892 , the Gilbert Islands became a British protectorate with the Ellice Islands -LRB- nowadays known as Tuvalu -RRB- , together called Gilbert and Ellice Islands .
The official languages of Kiribati are English and Gilbertese .
Its capital is South Tarawa , found on the Tarawa atoll .
The city was initially founded between 1771 and 1776 with some families that came from Monte Cristi . During the Dominican War of Independence , the city was abandoned and it was burned several times by the Haitian army .
The Dominican city of DajabÃ n is the head municipality of the DajabÃ n province , on the northwestern border with Haiti .
MaranhÃ # o is one of the states of Brazil .
To the north is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
MaranhÃ # o is one of the states of Brazil . It is in the north-eastern region of the country .
MaranhÃ # o shares borders with PiauÃ , Tocantins and ParÃ .
Quinton Fortune -LRB- born 21 May 1977 -RRB- is a South African football player .
The district is administratively subdivided into three talukhas :
Zonhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Ã lvaro MejÃ a PÃ rez -LRB- born 18 January 1982 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
The Kia Picanto is a automobile produced by Kia Motors .
This book and its sequel , The Road Back , were banned and burned in Nazi Germany .
LoveGame is a 2009 electropop single by Lady Gaga . It was released from her 2008 debut record The Fame .
Warrenville is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Every eligible player who is not chosen in their league 's draft is an undrafted sportsperson .
An undrafted sportsperson or undrafted free agent is a type of sportsperson who plays , or tries to play , in a professional sports league .
Puybarban is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .
Ã le-de-Br Ã hat is an island .
Yuzo Tamura -LRB- born 7 December 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
In the Scottish Parliament , the party leader is Iain Gray and it is the main opposition party controlling 46 out of 129 seats . The party controls 41 out of 59 Scottish seats in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom and 2 out of 6 Scottish seats in the European Parliament .
Baltimore linebacker Ray Lewis was named the game 's Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- .
The game was played on January 28 , 2001 at the Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida .
The Ravens won against the Giants 34 -- 7 .
The win gave the Ravens their first Super Bowl title and the City of Baltimore their second title in 30 years .
Malcolm McDowell -LRB- born June 13 , 1943 -RRB- is an English actor .
Falkirk Stadium is a Scottish football stadium . It is owned by Falkirk F.C. who play their home games at the stadium .
While most colubrids are non-venomous -LRB- or have venom that is not known to be harmful to humans -RRB- and are normally harmless , a few groups , such as genus Boiga , can produce medically significant bites . In addition , the Boomslang and African Twig Snake have both caused human fatalities .
It is a broad classification of snakes that includes well over half of all snake species on earth .
A colubrid -LRB- from Latin coluber , snake -RRB- is a snake that is a member of the Colubridae family .
After his death , Scott became a British hero , a status he kept for more than 50 years .
Scott became a figure of controversy , with questions raised about his competence and character .
His name became associated with the Antarctic , his field of work for the final twelve years of his life .
During this second venture , Scott led a party of five which reached the South Pole on 17 January 1912 , only to find that Roald Amundsen 's Norwegian expedition had got there first .
In a more sceptical age at the end of the 20th century , the legend was reassessed . Attention focused on the causes of the disaster , and whether Scott was responsible .
Scott led two expeditions to the Antarctic regions : the Discovery Expedition , 1901 -- 04 , and the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition , 1910 -- 13 .
On the return journey , Scott and his four comrades died from exhaustion , starvation and extreme cold .
It was the chance for personal distinction that led Scott to apply for command of the Discovery .
Before his appointment to lead the Discovery Expedition , Scott had followed the conventional career of a naval officer in peacetime Victorian Britain , where opportunities for career advancement were keenly sought after by ambitious officers .
Ã terville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The most common form of acne is called acne vulgaris , which means common acne .
The musical movie was a natural development of the stage musical .
Musical movies usually contain elements similar of theater ; performers often treat their song and dance numbers as if there is a live audience watching .
Typically , the biggest difference between movie and stage musicals is the use of expensive and impressive background scenery which would not be in a theater .
Her novel , The Handmaid 's Tale was the first winner of the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1987 .
Norway national football team is the national football team of Norway .
Proving that a certain number is transcendental can be very hard .
A real or complex number is called transcendental number if it can not be found as a result of an algebraic equation with integer coefficients .
Each transcendental number is also an irrational number .
Alexander Pereira Cardoso -LRB- born 15 March 1975 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He is called Alex Mineiro by most people .
She was part of Maxim 's Hot 100 list in 2002 , 2003 , and 2005 , and in FHM 's 100 Sexiest Women of 2005 .
Buffy was on television for seven seasons and a total of 144 episodes . During the show , Buffy , and Gellar also , became cult icons in the United States and the UK .
Gellar 's picture has been used on the covers of Cosmopolitan , Glamour , FHM , Rolling Stone , and other magazines .
At the audition , Gellar read the lines for both her own character and Harper 's character .
Another series , -LRB- Angel -RRB- , was made based on characters from Buffy .
A short while later , she got a part in a television commercial for the fast food restaurant Burger King . In it , she said bad things about McDonald 's and said she only ate at Burger King .
Gellar and her father did not had a good relationship from this time until his death from liver cancer on October 9 , 2001 .
Gellar was born in New York City .
The movie had a lesbian kiss between Gellar and co-star Selma Blair that won the `` Best Kiss '' award at the 2000 MTV Movie Awards .
Both of her parents were Jewish , but Gellar 's family had a Christmas tree during the holidays while she was growing up .
Gellar met her husband Freddie Prinze , Jr. during filming of the 1997 teen horror movie I Know What You Did Last Summer but the two did not begin a romantic relationship until 2000 .
They were engaged to be married in April 2001 . They got married in Jalisco , Mexico on September 1 , 2002 .
Critic Roger Ebert said that Gellar is `` effective as a bright girl who knows exactly how to use her act as a tramp '' .
In 1995 , at the age of eighteen , she won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Leading Actress in a Drama Series for her work as Kendall Hart .
Gellar also sang several of the songs during the Buffy the Vampire Slayer musical episode `` Once More , with Feeling '' .
In 1984 , her parents divorced . She was raised by her mother on New York 's Upper East Side .
It made over $ 38 million in the United States .
Gellar found out that she needed permission from the government to take the sword out of the country . After she got permission , she said that it was incredibly difficult to do .
Gellar has also been in the Stone Temple Pilots music video Sour Girl and is a celebrity spokesperson for the cosmetics company Maybelline .
She is the only child of Rosellen Greenfield and Arthur Gellar .
After that , she got a part in another soap opera , All My Children . She playing the character Kendall Hart , the long-lost daughter of character Erica Kane -LRB- Susan Lucci -RRB- .
Gellar left All My Children in 1995 .
Two weeks later , she auditioned for a part in An Invasion Of Privacy , a movie made for television . The movie starred Valerie Harper , Carol Kane and Jeff Daniels .
In 2004 , while filming The Grudge in Japan , Gellar visited the famous Japanese swordmaker Shoji Yoshihara -LRB- Kuniie III -RRB- and bought a Katana from him as a birthday gift for her husband .
Gellar has said in interviews that she believes in God but does not belong to an organized religion .
At the age of four , Gellar was seen by an talent agent in a restaurant in Uptown Manhattan .
In 1998 , she was named one of People Magazine 's `` 50 Most Beautiful People -LRB- in the World -RRB- '' .
After roles in the popular horror movies I Know What You Did Last Summer and Scream 2 -LRB- both 1997 -RRB- , she starred in the 1999 movies Simply Irresistible , a romantic comedy , and Cruel Intentions .
A maze is a puzzle .
The American Civil Liberties Union -LRB- ACLU -RRB- is a group of two non-profit organizations that fight for what they believe are important civil liberties issues .
It was started in 1920 by Crystal Eastman , Roger Nash Baldwin , and Walter Nelles .
Croydon is a place in south London , England and is part of the London Borough of Croydon .
Cortina d'Ampezzo had won the right to host the event in June 1939 , but because of World War II , the 1944 Winter Olympics were canceled .
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics , which would have been officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games -LRB- because of the cancellation of 1940 's V Olympic Winter Games -RRB- , would have been celebrated in 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
As a result , the V Olympic Winter Games took place in Saint Moritz , Switzerland in 1948 . Cortina d'Ampezzo later held the 1956 Winter Olympics .
This article has descriptions for any leap year starting on Tuesday , such as 1980 or 2008 .
Valdez is a city in Alaska .
Doncaster is the second largest town in the United Kingdom and is larger and has more residents than many cities . Doncaster has fought to become a city for many years but has failed to achieve this title .
Doncaster has an international airport which was opened in 2005 .
Mixed-oxide fuel -LRB- or MOX fuel -RRB- is nuclear fuel that contains an oxide of more than one element . Most nuclear fuel that is not of the MOX type only contains uranium dioxide .
Mox fuel consists of about 93 % uranium , and about 7 % of thorium or plutonium dioxide .
Mixed-oxide fuel -LRB- or MOX fuel -RRB- is nuclear fuel that contains an oxide of more than one element .
Most nuclear fuel that is not of the MOX type only contains uranium dioxide .
Arsenic and its compounds are highly toxic . They are carcinogens .
Then gray arsenic is made . Realgar can be heated to make arsenic trioxide as well .
Its density is 1.97 g\/cm3 , much lighter than gray arsenic .
It turns into gray arsenic in light .
Arsenic and its compounds are highly toxic .
It dissolves in concentrated nitric acid to make arsenic acid and in dilute nitric acid to make arsenious acid . It reacts with concentrated sulfuric acid to make arsenic trioxide .
It is the most toxic allotrope .
Arsenic is found in three allotropes . Gray arsenic is the most common .
Other arsenic minerals have a metal and arsenic .
Water near arsenic mines is normally contaminated with arsenic . Wood that was preserved with arsenic compounds can leach arsenic into the soil .
Nuiqsut is a city in Alaska .
William `` Bill '' Maher , Jr. , -LRB- ; born January 20 1956 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , television host , political commentator , actor , and author .
He hosted the late-night television talk show Politically Incorrect on Comedy Central and ABC , and is currently the host of Real Time with Bill Maher on HBO .
Common data storage devices are :
A Data Storage device is a storage medium .
Nitromethane is added to the fuel for more power and to make the engine easier to tune .
Glow fuel is a term used to tell about fuel used for model airplanes , helicopters , cars and boats .
Methanol is the main ingredient . It provides most of the fuel 's ability to burn .
The oils included in glow fuel are not burned by the engine .
Sometimes , glow fuel is called nitro or just model fuel . Some model fuel has only a little bit of nitro , but some fuel has none at all .
`` FAI '' stands for FÃ dÃ ration AÃ ronautique Internationale .
Nitromethane contains less energy than the same amount of methanol , but it requires less oxygen .
Glow fuel can be burned by very simple two stroke engines or by four stroke engines . Engines like this provide lots of power in a small size .
Nitromethane is hard to get in some countries since it is known as an explosive . In these countries , glow fuel sometimes has no nitromethane at all .
Glow fuel can be burned by very simple two stroke engines or by four stroke engines .
For use in race cars , the nitromethane can be from 30 % to as much as 65 % .
In order to burn the glow fuel , a glow engine must have a glow plug . The glow plug burns very hot as the engine runs because of a catalytic reaction with the methanol .
The oil can be castor oil or synthetic oils . Some fuels include a mixture of the two .
Glow fuel is mostly made of methanol , nitromethane and oil .
Curtains are also hung around windows to keep light from coming in . Curtains can come in many different colors and different types of fabric .
It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson in 1938 at Mount Wilson Observatory and is named after the mythological Lysithea , daughter of Oceanus and one of Zeus ' lovers .
Lysithea did not get its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as ' .
They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations .
It belongs to the Himalia group , five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 28.3 Â .
It was sometimes called `` Demeter '' from 1955 to 1975 .
Lysithea is a prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter .
Its orbital elements are as of January 2000 .
Gear is a toothed wheel designed to transmit torque to another gear or toothed component .
Courts are marked out with painted lines on town streets , but there is no net , and players can move between sides .
Similar to real tennis , a second bounce can result in a `` chase '' rather than an outright point , marked in chalk where the ball stops rolling .
Pallacorda or palla della corda is the Italian name of ancient form of real tennis where a cord of rope was strung across the street and players used hands , racket or tamburello alias tambourine in English language .
It has this name because players call out eh !
Small hand-made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover .
Play does stop for oncoming automobiles .
before serving .
is an old Tuscan ball game from Maremma towns between Siena and Grosseto .
The game is played by facing teams who strike , not catch , the ball with either a bare or gloved hand : every team include 3 , 4 or 5 athletes .
Pisa , Prato , Rome , Siena , and various Tuscan towns still have streets named via Pallacorda or via Della Corda .
Adjacent buildings , objects , and sometimes spectators , are considered `` in play . ''
La Roque-sur-Pernes is a commune of 447 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
For other uses , see Saint Helena -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Saint Helena is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom . It is in the South Atlantic Ocean .
It consists of the island of Saint Helena , as well as the dependencies of Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha .
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune .
It reached # 2 on both the United States and UK singles charts .
The song is named after a market street in London , England and has been covered by many artists .
Electric Avenue is a reggae song released by singer Eddy Grant on his Killer on the Rampage album in January 1983 .
In Indonesia , the wok is known as a wadjang , kuali in Malaysia , and kawali -LRB- small wok -RRB- and kawa -LRB- big wok -RRB- in the Philippines .
Montcavrel is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Saint-Gen Ã s-de-Castillon is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Its name , Casineria , is a latin version of Cheese Bay , the site near Edinburgh , where it was found .
Casineria was a tetrapod which lived 340 million years ago in the Mississippian .
It was a very small animal , length about 15 centimeters .
Louise Ã lisabeth de France -LRB- Marie Louise Ã lisabeth ; 14 August 1727 â `` 6 December 1759 -RRB- was the eldest daughter of King Louis XV of France and Maria LeszczyÅ ska .
At the death of her twin sister in 1752 , Louise Ã lisabeth returned to France in September to visit her tomb at Saint-Denis .
This alliance was to be cemented by the marriage of her daughter Princess Isabella to Archduke Joseph of Austria .
Louise Ã lisabeth was able to leave Spain in 1748 when her husband was created Duke of Parma thanks to the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle -LRB- 1748 -RRB- which ended the War of the Austrian Succession .
She was expected to stay for only a few weeks , but remained in Versailles for almost a year .
She married Infante Philip , younger son of Philip V of Spain , and later became Duchess of Parma .
Louise Ã lisabeth was bored when she returned to Parma , and sought a wider realm to rule .
Their tombs were destroyed during the French Revolution .
The marriage took place in 1760 .
Afterwards , she was known as Madame Infante at the court of Louis XV .
She was buried on 27 March 1760 at Saint-Denis Basilica beside her sister , Henriette .
While back at Versailles , Louise Ã lisabeth died of smallpox .
She allied herself with Empress Maria Theresa , who promised Louise Ã lisabeth the throne of the Southern Netherlands , which had been returned to Austrian rule under the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle .
At Louis XV 's instigation , Philip was given Parma as Louise Ã lisabeth had frequently asked him to bestow territory on her husband .
She was forced to marry Infante Philip of Spain by proxy on 26 August 1739 . not having met her future husband beforehand .
She was known at court as Madame Royale , Madame PremiÃ re or Madame Ã lisabeth . Within the family she was known Babette .
Note that MediaWiki only parses the code when the category page is re-rendered .
When this template is placed on a category page it can count the number of items in the category -LRB- pages + images + subcategories -RRB- .
Then it can be set to automatically only report when the number of items is above some limit .
This template puts the pages into : Category : Wikipedia backlog , where any editor can see where work needs to be done .
Thus we often do n't want to know about a backlog until it has reached some size .
Usually this template is used without any parameters , then it is always visible until it is manually removed .
Often it is more efficient to handle several cases in a backlog at a time , since then we are up to speed with what needs to be done .
-LRB- We fed 0 here to make it show in this documentation , but in real usage it would show the value 10 . -RRB-
That is , when someone views the page and it is more than one week since it was last re-rendered .
This template automatically shows the appropriate style depending on what kind of page it is shown on .
It can be put at the top of pages and categories that have a backlog which require attention .
The style above is for `` other '' pages such as `` Wikipedia : '' pages , and the style shown in the examples below is for category pages .
The autoreport limit can be set to whatever value you prefer .
A backlog is a list of things that need to be done and that have not been done for some time .
This is the message box .
To get an immediate change you can purge the page , for instance by clicking the button in the template .
Thus it can take a week before this template changes when the number of items have changed .
-LRB- But if no one visits the page then it can take forever . -RRB-
As of the 2000 census , the town had a total population of 39,328 .
Jupiter is a town found in Palm Beach County , Florida .
As of 2006 , the city had a population of 50,028 according to the University of Florida , Bureau of Economic and Business Research .
Saint-Michel-de-Castelnau is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , and lozenge forms , manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is a drug .
Its mechanism of action -LRB- how it works -RRB- is as an NMDA receptor antagonist -LRB- blocks a chemical in the brain -RRB- , producing effects similar to those of the controlled substances ketamine and phencyclidine -LRB- PCP -RRB- .
In its pure form , dextromethorphan is a white powder .
Dextromethorphan can also be used for pain relief or for psychological conditions .
Currently they have no children and live in Germany .
Jason however , never played a game with the Lightning , playing for their affiliate coincidentally still the Springfield Falcons .
Jaspers made his National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- start in the same season , after he received his first NHL assignment on January 20 , 2002 .
Jaspers finally left the Falcons , ranking second in all-time appearances , in the 2006 â `` 07 season when he signed with German team Adler Mannheim , on July 6 , 2006 .
Jaspers was drafted 71st overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft .
Jason Jaspers -LRB- born April 8 , 1981 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- , is a professional ice hockey center who is currently playing for KÃ lner Haie -LRB- the Cologne Sharks -RRB- of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Morgan is from Sudbury , Ontario where Jason played junior hockey for the Sudbury Wolves .
In July 2008 Jason married his highschool sweetheart , Morgan McKee .
He was drafted from the Sudbury Wolves of the Ontario Hockey League .
Jaspers made his professional start in the 2001 â `` 02 season with the Coyotes affiliate the Springfield Falcons of the American Hockey League .
Unable to make the NHL regularly he was traded by the Coyotes to the Tampa Bay Lightning for Jarrod Skalde on July 25 , 2005 .
After three years with Adler Mannheim signed on 6 April 2009 with KÃ lner Haie .
Jaspers then spent the next four years primarily with the Falcons of the American Hockey League .
The wood will not burn , but instead turn into charcoal . The by-product of making charcoal is tar and turpentine .
Reformism is the belief that gradual democratic changes in a society would mean that a society 's fundamental economic relations and political structures would change .
This belief grew out of opposition to revolutionary socialism , which challenges that revolutions are necessary to fundamentally change a society .
La Roche-en-Ardenne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Margaret `` Jane '' Pauley is a news anchor and reporter . She hosted NBC Today between 1976 and 1989 and Dateline NBC starting in 1992 and ending in 2003 .
Margaret `` Jane '' Pauley is a news anchor and reporter .
She is based in New York and is known for her wedding gown collection , among other specialties .
Vera Wang -LRB- ; born June 27 , 1949 -RRB- is an American fashion designer .
See also : Philosophy by field .
Springbrook is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Bazas is a commune .
All fields must be lowercase .
Copy a blank version to use .
Remember that the '' '' character must be between each field , the fields must be in lowercase , and please delete all the fields that are not being used to clear clutter in the edit window .
The syntax of C has also influenced many other programming languages , such as C + + , C # , and Java .
Steamboat Rock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
This subtemplate of checks the inputs passed to when the auto option is used .
See for more details .
where DENSsqmi is the density per square mile , DENSkm2 is the density per square kilometer , POP is the population , AREAsqmi is the area in square miles , and AREAkm2 is the area in square kilometers .
Moonrise is the second book in the Warriors : The New Prophecy series .
Gricourt is a commune . It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Banneville-la-Campagne is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Saint-Avit-Saint-Nazaire is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Charles Gill -LRB- prosecuting -RRB- : What is `` the love that dare not speak its name ? ''
Wilde 's counsel , Sir Edward Clark , was finally able to agree bail .
Queensberry was found not guilty , as the court declared that his accusation that Wilde was `` posing as a sodomite '' was justified , `` true in substance and in fact '' .
It is in this century misunderstood , so much misunderstood that it may be described as ` the love that dare not speak its name ' , and on that account of it I am placed where I am now .
Oscar Wilde -LRB- Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde , 16 October 1854 â `` 30 November 1900 -RRB- was an Irish writer , poet and playwright .
On the 18 February 1895 , the Marquess left his calling card at Wilde 's club , the Albemarle , inscribed : `` For Oscar Wilde , posing as a sodomite '' .
At the final trial , Wilde and Alfred Taylor were convicted of gross indecency and sentenced to two years ' hard labor .
Edward Carson approached Frank Lockwood -LRB- QC -RRB- and asked `` Can we not let up on the fellow now ?
May I say nothing , my Lord ? ''
It is intellectual , and it repeatedly exists between an older and a younger man , when the older man has intellect , and the younger man has all the joy , hope and glamour of life before him .
In his opening speech for the defense , Counsel for Queensbury , Edward Carson , announced that he had found several male prostitutes who were to testify that they had sex with Wilde .
Wilde was freed from Holloway and , shunning attention , went into hiding at the house of Ernest and Ada Leverson , two of his firm friends .
He had already begged Douglas to leave London for Paris , and Douglas fled to the Hotel du Monde .
Under cross examination Wilde was at first hesitant , then spoke eloquently :
This response was , however , counterproductive in a legal sense as it only served to reinforce the charges of homosexual behavior .
Friends found Wilde at a hotel ; they advised him to go to Dover and try to get a boat to France . His mother advised him to stay and fight like a man .
On the advice of his lawyers , Wilde then decided to drop the libel prosecution against Queensberry .
Queensberry , who feuded regularly with his son , confronted Wilde and Lord Alfred as to the nature of their relationship .
It is beautiful , it is fine , it is the noblest form of affection .
Wilde , egged on by Douglas and against the advice of his friends , initiated a private prosecution against Queensberry , and had him arrested on a charge of criminal libel . As sodomy was then a crime , Queensberry 's note amounted to a public accusation that Wilde had committed a felony , forming the legal basis for libel charges .
The trial ended with the jury unable to reach a verdict .
Wilde 's response `` And I ?
It dictates and pervades great works of art , like those of Shakespeare and Michelangelo , and those two letters of mine , such as they are .
Queensberry could avoid conviction for libel only by demonstrating that his accusation was , in fact , true .
It is that deep spiritual affection that is as pure as it is perfect .
In prison he wrote De Profundis , a long letter which discusses his spiritual journey through his trials , forming a dark counterpoint to his earlier philosophy of pleasure .
After a series of trials , Wilde was convicted of gross indecency with other men and sentenced to two years of hard labor in Reading Goal -LRB- jail -RRB- .
`` p435 Lockwood answered that he would like to do so , but feared that the case had become too politicised to be dropped .
At the height of his fame and successâ '' his masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest , was still on stage in Londonâ '' Wilde sued his lover 's father for libel .
The judge described the sentence as `` totally inadequate for a case such as this '' , although it was the maximum sentence allowed for the charge under the Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1885 .
There is nothing unnatural about it .
After Wilde left the court , a warrant for his arrest was applied for on charges of sodomy and gross indecency .
Wilde was duly arrested and then imprisoned on remand at Holloway , where he received daily visits from Douglas .
Under the Libel Act 1843 , Queensberry 's acquittal rendered Wilde legally liable for the considerable expenses Queensberry had incurred in his defense , which left Wilde bankrupt .
was drowned out in cries of `` Shame '' in the courtroom .
His prosecution opened on the 26 April 1895 and Wilde pleaded not guilty .
The world mocks at it , and sometimes puts one in the pillory for it '' .
In June 1894 , he called on Wilde at 16 Tite Street without an appointment , and said : `` If I catch you and my son again in any public restaurant I will thrash you ''
Wilde 's lover was the son of the Marquess of Queensbury , who was known for his outspoken atheism , brutish manner and creation of the modern rules of boxing .
The Reverend Stewart Headlam put up most of the Â # 5,000 bail , having disagreed with Wilde 's treatment by the press and the courts .
That it should be so , the world does not understand .
Wilde : '' ` The love that dare not speak its name ' in this century is such a great affection of an elder for a younger man as there was between David and Jonathan , such as Plato made the very basis of his philosophy , and such as you find in the sonnets of Michelangelo and Shakespeare .
Inkom is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Encarta is a digital multimedia encyclopedia by Microsoft .
Many articles can also be read online free of charge , a service which is paid for by advertisements .
There is a more complete version called Encarta Premium made in 2008 . It has more than 62,000 articles and many photographs and illustrations .
Bernard Tomic won in the final 6-1 , 6-3 against Chase Buchanan .
Passenger levels fell steadily from the late 1950s to late 1970s , but experienced a sharp increase after the introduction of the high-speed Intercity 125 trains in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Freight now replaced passengers as the main source of business . One third of the network was closed by the highly critical Beeching report of the 1960s .
It is now employed as a general symbol on street signs in Great Britain , but not in Northern Ireland , denoting railway stations , and as part of the Association of Train Operating Companies -LRB- A.T.O.C. -RRB- 's joint-managed National Rail brand , still being printed on railway tickets .
The aim was to increase speed , reliability , safety and line capacity , by making the railways more attractive to passengers and freight operators .
It was intended to bring the railway system into the 20th century .
During the late 1950s , railways continued to worsen , and in 1959 the government acted , limiting the amount the BTC could spend on British Rail .
The official report known as the `` Modernisation Plan '' of December 1954 .
The Scottish Assembly Government have re-opened the lines between Hamilton and Larkhall , Alloa and Stirling and is working on a link from Airdrie to Bathgate .
The companies that took over passenger rail services include were -
The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes occur as steam trains were scrapped 1968 , in favor of diesel trains and electric trains .
The biggest line reopening project is the former Waverley railway Edinburgh to Borders line .
The Ebbw Valley Line reopened between Ebbw Vale and Cardiff in the year 2008 . It will later go on to services to Newport in Gwent in 2011 .
The important areas were : -
The Barry-Bridgend route was closed after the Beeching report of March 1963 .
Complete nationalisation had been considered but was rejected until the Transport Act 1947 .
After the smaller firms were merged in 1923 under the Railways Act 1921 with four large regional railway companies . The Big 4 were the Great Western Railway -LRB- GWR -RRB- , the London , Midland and Scottish Railway -LRB- LMS -RRB- , the London and North Eastern Railway -LRB- LNER -RRB- and the Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- .
The Welsh Assembly Government has re-opened the Vale of Glamorgan Line between Barry Bock and Bridgend in 2005 .
The Transport Act 1947 made provision for the nationalisation of the network .
The British Rail `` double arrow '' logo was said to show direction of travel on a double track railway on a railway map and was nicknamed `` the arrow of indecision '' .
Industrial lines like the Oxfordshire Ironstone Railway , narrow-gauge railways like the Ffestiniog Railway , and some light railways like the West Sussex Railway were also excluded .
During World War One the railways were run by the government until 1921 .
Ignacio Insa Bohigues -LRB- born 9 June 1986 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He has played for Villarreal -LRB- B team -RRB- .
Cherryade is a fizzy soft drink made from cherry juice .
Cherryade was first made in the 19th century , along with other drinks like limeade and ginger beer , which had been made because lemonade was very popular .
Holmes fought out of Easton , Pennsylvania . He was nicknamed the `` Easton Assassin . ''
Larry Holmes -LRB- born on November 3 , 1949 -RRB- was an American boxer .
Ä smail Enver -LRB- Ottoman Turkish : Ø Ø Ù
He was the main leader of the Ottoman Empire in both Balkan Wars and World War I.
Ø Ø Ù Ù Ø Ù Ù Ø -RRB- -LRB- November 22 , 1881 in Istanbul - August 4 , 1922 -RRB- , he was known to European powers as Enver Pasha -LRB- Turkish : Enver PaÅ a -RRB- or Enver Bey and he was a Turkish military officer and a leader of the Young Turk revolution .
It can be found in the coastal North Pacific , usually at depths around 65 meters but they have also been recorded at much deeper depths and shallower too .
The North Pacific Giant Octopus -LRB- Enteroctopus dofleini -RRB- is a big cephalopod that is in the genus Enteroctopus .
Inception was officially budgeted at $ 160 million , a cost which was shared between Warner Bros. and Legendary Pictures .
Inception is a 2010 American science fiction action film written , produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan .
At first the story was written as a heist film , based on ideas of lucid dreaming and dream incubation .
Filming spanned six countries and four continents , beginning in Tokyo on June 19 , 2009 and finishing in Canada in late November of the same year .
Cobb has two children but can not visit them . He is offered a chance to go back to his children in exchange for one last job : performing inception , which is planting a new idea , into the mind of his client 's main business competitor .
Inception was first screened in London on July 8 , 2010 and was shown in standard and IMAX theaters on July 14 , 2010 .
In 2001 , Nolan wrote an 80-page treatment about dream-stealers , presenting the idea to Warner Bros. .
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio , Ken Watanabe , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Marion Cotillard , Ellen Page , Tom Hardy , Cillian Murphy , Tom Berenger , and Michael Caine .
Nolan 's success with The Dark Knight helped gain the film $ 100 million to spend on advertising .
The film had a lot of positive reviews and earned over $ 21 million on its opening day , and $ 62.7 million in the first weekend .
DiCaprio plays Dom Cobb , a thief who collects information from the subconscious mind of his victims while they dream .
The idea behind Inception was first developed over nine years before it was released .
Because Nolan wanted to have more experience working with big-scale films , he chose to work on Batman Begins , The Prestige and The Dark Knight .
He spent six months polishing up the script for Inception before Warner Bros. purchased it in February 2009 .
Barium compounds are chemical compounds containing barium ions .
She is married to James Danforth Quayle , the former Vice President . She was the unofficial Second Lady from 1989 to 1993 .
Neal Cassady -LRB- February 8 , 1926 - February 4 , 1968 -RRB- was a member of the Beat Generation circle of writers and poets , of the 1950s and 1960s .
After he was released , Cassady traveled to New York , marrying sixteen-year-old LuAnne Henderson on the way . He met Ginsberg , and began a homosexual relationship with him -LRB- despite Cassady 's marriage -RRB- , and a friendship with Kerouac , recently divorced , who began to teach Cassady about writing .
Cassady also partly inspired Allen Ginsberg 's Howl , and was mentioned in the poem as `` N.C. '' , the `` secret hero '' of Ginsberg 's latest writings . Howl became a landmark work of the 1950s , and added to Ginsberg 's and Cassady 's fame .
Cabo San Lucas is a city in Los Cabos , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
It is part of Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area .
Weatherford is a city in Parker County , Texas near Fort Worth .
Blake Hall station is a disused station in Essex , formerly on the Central Line of the London Underground between North Weald and Ongar .
; min optional parameter , time the player was substituted on .
La VallÃ e-Mul Ã cents tre is a commune .
The Koulikoro Region is a region located in Mali .
A hadron is a kind of composite particle that is affected by the strong interaction that is made of quarks held together by strong force .
There are two kinds of hadrons . One kind are baryons , which are made of three quarks .
Prato Leventina -LRB- Prato -RRB- is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
background-color : # B5DBAF ; border : 1px solid # 006633 ; margin : 0.5 em ; padding : 0.5 em ;
Profondeville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur .
The current version is Microsoft Office 2010 -LRB- Windows -RRB- and Microsoft Office for Mac 2011 -LRB- Mac -RRB- .
Microsoft Office or Microsoft Office System is a collection of computer programs made by Microsoft .
Danican was then their family name .
The O.C. was a teenage drama based in Orange County , California . It was on TV for 4 seasons between August 5 , 2003 and February 22 , 2007 .
Ozan is a commune .
CÃ sarville-Dossainville is a French village , which is located in the `` dÃ partement '' of Loiret and the `` rÃ gion '' of Centre .
The term is derived by comparing artificially selected babies with `` designer clothing '' .
Designer baby is a colloquial term that refers to a baby whose genetic makeup has been artificially selected -LRB- as opposed to natural selection -RRB- by genetic engineering combined with in vitro fertilization to make sure that there is a presence or absence of certain genes or characteristics .
From Lake Timiskaming the river flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where it tumbles over the ChaudiÃ re Falls . The Rideau and Gatineau Rivers flow into the Ottawa River here .
The Ottawa River is a river in Ontario and Quebec , Canada .
Conand is a commune .
He joined the Rangers in 2008 after 11 seasons with the Ottawa Senators .
Wade Redden -LRB- born June 12 , 1977 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
He has played for Canada internationally seven times , winning two gold medals in the World Junior Championships and once in the World Cup of Hockey .
Sissonne is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It was controlled by the Imperial Army General Staff Office and the Ministry of War of Japan .
The Imperial Japanese Army , abbreviated IJA -LRB- KyÅ `` jitai : å æ -- æ å å é è '' , Shinjitai : , Romaji : Dai-Nippon Teikoku Rikugun -RRB- was an army of Japan . It was the official army of Imperial Japan from 1871 to 1945 .
Conservapedia is a wiki designed for people that are conservative Christians .
A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned books in A Song of Ice and Fire , a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin .
It was first released on 8 August 2000 in the United Kingdom , and in November 2000 in the United States .
It was also put up for the Hugo Award , but it lost to JK Rowling 's novel Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire .
A Storm of Swords won the 2001 Locus Award and 2002 Geffen Award for Best Novel and was nominated for the 2002 Nebula Award for Best Novel .
Ramicourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Lilian Thuram -LRB- born 1 January 1972 -RRB- is a former French football player . He has played for France national team .
Oahu was perhaps the first of the Hawaiian Islands which the crew of HMS Resolution saw on 18 January 1778 . This was during Captain James Cook 's third Pacific Ocean trip .
Iolani Palace was built later on by others of the royal family . It is the only royal palace on American soil .
Today , Oahu has become a tourism and shopping center . Almost 7 million visitors -LRB- mainly from the American mainland and Japan -RRB- go there every year to enjoy the special island holiday found only in Hawaii .
Clerke took command of the ship after Captain Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay on February 14 .
Kamehameha I made Oahu his capital when he became the first king of Hawaii .
Europeans did not land on Oahu until 28 February 1779 when Captain Clerke of the HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay .
The Plastic Ono Band was a rock and roll band formed by Yoko Ono with husband -LRB- and former Beatle -RRB- John Lennon .
After the Beatles ended , Lennon decided he did not want to have another permanent band , and he and Ono used the Plastic Ono Band name to refer to any musicians who appeared on the records they made together .
The second version of the Plastic Ono Band included Ono and Lennon in person , along with musicians Eric Clapton , Klaus Voormann and Alan White . They performed together at a rock concert in Toronto in September 1969 , and it was the first time Lennon had played in public with a band other than the Beatles .
Shigemitsu Sudo -LRB- born 2 April 1956 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Annabeth rescues Percy and takes Percy and Tyson to Camp Half-Blood .
Like the first book , The Lightning Thief , this novel is of the fantasy genre .
The boat is destroyed when they enter the Sea of Monsters . The book says that mortals know the Sea of Monsters as the Bermuda Triangle .
They also praised Bernstein , saying '' -LRB- n -RRB- arrator Jesse Berns helps listeners slip right into the oddly engaging world that Riordan creates , in which contemporary -LRB- modern -RRB- teen characters and those from classical mythology intermingle -LRB- get mixed -RRB- . '' They mentioned that he could successfully portray teenagers , while keeping the pace fast .
But , Percy forgets to remove her knife . So , she manages to free herself .
Percy manages to contact camp with an Iris-message . In this way , he tricks Luke into saying he poisoned Thalia 's tree .
The Sea of Monsters received mostly positive reviews . Reviewers praised the plot , the themes and the author 's style of writing .
Annabeth and Percy ask Tantalus to send somebody on to find the Golden Fleece -LRB- the wool of a golden-haired sheep in Greek mythology -RRB- . Tantalus sends Clarisse , the daughter of the god of war , Ares , to get the Fleece .
Children 's Literature said the writing was `` extraordinary '' and added , '' ... -LRB- t -RRB- his book , sequel to The Lightning Thief , is an amazing mixture of mythology and young adult fiction . ''
The novel was followed by The Titan 's Curse , released on May 1 , 2007 .
He is playing dodgeball against large seventh graders .
Like the earlier two books in the series , this book was well received . Reviewers praised its humorous style and the plot of the story .
Reviewers have called it a `` fast paced '' book with humor and action , which discusses acceptance and family love .
Chiron and his relatives , the Party Ponies , save Percy and the others .
Percy finds out that Tyson is a Cyclops . Poseidon claims Tyson as his son , making him Percy 's half-brother .
This is because he is suspected to have poisoned the tree . He is replaced by Tantalus , a spirit from the Fields of Punishment .
After this , they reach the island of Polyphemus . Tyson and Clarisse help them save Grover .
They manage to escape from the ship . Later , they are saved by Clarisse .
Poseidon gives Percy and his friends three Hippocampi . Together with Annabeth and Tyson , Percy find a cruise ship called the Princess Andromeda .
On September 6 , 2006 , a seven hour and 54 minute audiobook version of The Sea of Monsters , read by actor Jesse Bernstein was published worldwide by Listening Library . Bernstein had also narrated The Lightning Thiefs audiobook ,
Annabeth knows that the Sirens tell a person of their innermost wishes . She tells Percy that she wants to listen to the Sirens ' songs .
The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology . It was written by Rick Riordan and published in 2006 .
AudioFile magazine praised the audiobook . They said that the '' -LRB- ... -RRB- action-packed book -LRB- second in a series -RRB- will delight fans of Percy Jackson , the half-blood son of Poseidon , as Percy once again battles mythical monsters in modern-day settings while on his mission to save the tree that guards Camp Half-Blood . ''
However , Kirkus was not positive about the book , saying that `` it 's doubtful Percy would n't guess Tyson 's otherworldly connection -LRB- his connection with the world of Greek gods -RRB- immediately after the dodgeball game -LRB- ... -RRB- some of the humor will zip over the heads of the target audience '' However , they praised the style of the novel , particularly the way in which Percy makes humorous comments .
There , they learn that Luke is trying to reform Kronos .
In The Titan 's Curse , Percy , Grover , Annabeth and Thalia go to a school to recruit two powerful demigods .
Norah Piehl of Kidsreads.com also gave a positive review .
This book is about the adventures of thirteen-year-old demigod Percy Jackson . It describes how he and his friends rescue his satyr friend Grover from the Cyclops Polyphemus .
Then , Luke captures Percy , Annabeth , Grover and Tyson .
The Sea of Monsters is followed by The Titan 's Curse , which is the third book of the five in the series .
The Fleece cures Thalia 's tree of its poison .
They find the camp is under attack . This is because Thalia 's tree , which protects the camp , has been poisoned by an unknown intruder .
She praised the book 's style and said it was similar to the previous book in the series It sold over 100,000 copies in hardcover by the time paperback copies were released in April 2007 .
It sold over 100,000 copies in paperback . It was released as an audiobook on September 6 , 2006 .
The Sea of Monsters received good reviews and was nominated for many awards like the 2006 Book Sense Top Ten Summer Pick and the 2009 Mark Twain Award .
School Library Journal praised the novel 's plot and its characters . They said that Percy was an appealing character and said readers would like the `` chilling prophecy '' which was a part of the plot .
They try to kill Percy with explosive fireballs . He is protected by Tyson , a friend .
The magazine Publishers Weekly praised Bernstein 's `` snappy -LRB- quick -RRB- delivery and all the right funny touches '' that made the `` action-packed fantasy such fun . ''
Percy sends Clarisse back to camp with the Fleece .
Matt Berman , of Common Sense Media , praised the book , saying `` The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun , with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist . ''
It is the second novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series and is the sequel to The Lightning Thief .
Shinya Nasu -LRB- born 29 December 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
the United States Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One calendar starting in 2008 .
The race later became part of the Formula One World Championship .
The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908 , when it was known as the American Grand Prize .
Events which were not part of the Formula One World Championship are indicated by a pink background .
The 2009 Philippine region typhoon season was the period that tropical cyclones formed in the Western Pacific Ocean .
These names , however , are not in common use outside of the Philippines .
During the season , 39 Tropical depressions developed within the Western Pacific , whilst 2 formed outside the region before moving into the Western Pacific .
The season ran throughout the year during 2009 , with most tropical cyclones forming between May and November . The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- assigns names to tropical cyclones -LRB- including tropical depressions -RRB- that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility .
The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- assigns names to tropical cyclones -LRB- including tropical depressions -RRB- that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility .
The season ran throughout the year during 2009 , with most tropical cyclones forming between May and November .
Union councils bordering Nagri Bala are - Bagnotar to the north , Nathia Gali to the east , and Garhi Phulgran to the south .
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas : Akhroota , Makool Bala , Nagri Bala and Tatreela kasala .
Nagri Bala is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The union council of Nagri Bala is found in the south central part of Abbottabad District , and lies to the south east of Abbottabad city - the capital city of the district .
Sonja Elen Kisa made the language .
It focuses on simple ideas that are known to all cultures .
Toki Pona is a constructed -LRB- made-up -RRB- language .
Toki Pona is a minimal -LRB- very small -RRB- language .
It has only 123 words .
A Redcurrant -LRB- Ribes rubrum -RRB- is a type of fruit .
Category for items dealing with Interested Parties in : Category : Town and country planning in the United Kingdom .
In 1998 , the name of the car was changed to Chevrolet Prizm .
The Prizm and the Corolla shared the same parts and engines . In 1998 , the name of the car was changed to Chevrolet Prizm .
Oak Forest is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Amaru is a rural municipality of BuzÄ u County in Romania .
Patrick Wayne Swayze -LRB- August 18 , 1952 â `` September 14 , 2009 -RRB- was an American actor , singer-songwriter and dancer born in Houston , Texas .
Gino Severini -LRB- 7 April 1883 -- 26 February 1966 -RRB- , was an Italian painter . He was a founding member of the Futurist movement .
Christopher Flavin is the President of the Worldwatch Institute , an independent research organization focused on natural resource and environmental issues , based in Washington , DC .
His research and writing focus is international energy and climate policy .
He has testified before national and state legislatures and meets frequently with government and international leaders .
He is also a founding member of the Board of Directors of the Business Council for Sustainable Energy -RRB- and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Board on Energy and Environmental Systems , the Climate Institute , and the Environmental and Energy Study Institute .
Flavin has participated in several notable international conferences , including the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 and the Climate Change Conference in Kyoto , Japan , in 1997 .
Flavin is a native of Monterey , California and a cum laude graduate of Williams College , where he studied economics , biology , and environmental studies .
Texas Motor Speedway is a racetrack located in Fort Worth , Texas .
Its layout is similar to the track layout of Atlanta Motor Speedway and Charlotte Motor Speedway -LRB- which used to be known as Lowe 's Motor Speedway -RRB- .
LongÃ ves is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
This template is for use for a book series main page .
Ronnie O'Sullivan -LRB- born December 5 , 1975 -RRB- , is an English professional snooker player who has been World Champion on three occasions .
get -LRB- ` skin ' -RRB- = = ` vector ' -RRB-
In the 2000 â `` 01 season , the SPL decided to stop the `` winter break '' , forcing teams to play through January . This means that many games are stopped because of the damage to the football clubs pitch and very bad weather .
St. Mirren are the only club to have been promoted into the SPL twice .
Dunfermline Athletic are the only club to have been relegated from the SPL twice .
In June 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would start for the 2010 â `` 11 season , with the deal worth Â # 125 million .
The SPL asked for more money . Discussions began in 2002 for a new pay-per-view satellite television channel , called `` SPL TV '' .
No points are awarded for a loss .
It is the top level of the Scottish football league system , above the Scottish Football League .
With BBC Scotland 's television contract due to expire after the 2003 â `` 04 season , the SPL agreed a new television deal with Irish company Setanta Sports in February 2004 in a four-year deal worth Â # 54 million .
Three points are awarded for a win and one point for a draw .
The two Glasgow football clubs known as the Old Firm play in the SPL , Rangers F.C. and Celtic F.C. .
Between the 1998 â `` 99 season and the 2001 â `` 02 season , the right to show SPL matches on television was held by Sky Sports , with highlights being shown by STV 's Scotsport .
These are previous members of the SPL in reverse order of them losing membership .
Only once , in the 2005 â `` 06 season , did the Old Firm clubs not come first and second in the SPL .
Even though a two-year television deal had been agreed with BBC Scotland in July 2002 -LRB- for less than the money previously offered by Sky Sports -RRB- , the 10 non-Old Firm clubs confirmed their resignation from the SPL in August 2002 , because they were unhappy with how the league voted which allowed the Old Firm clubs to stop any attempts to change SPL rules .
Former Celtic manager Martin O'Neill , former Dundee manager Jim Duffy , and current Rangers manager Walter Smith are among those who have asked to start the winter break again .
The Scottish Premier League is currently fifteenth in the UEFA rankings of European leagues , which are based on the how well the participating clubs play in all European competitions .
The SPL had 10 clubs playing until the 2000 â `` 01 season when the league was expanded to 12 teams .
The Scottish Premier League -LRB- currently known as the Clydesdale Bank Premier League or SPL -RRB- is a professional competition for football clubs .
If two or more teams are equal on points , then the difference between of goals scored and goals against is considered .
There are no salary caps or age restrictions . There are no restrictions on the size of the playing squad or restrictions on the number of players from other countries .
The increase from 10 clubs to 12 was part of the deal offered to get approval from SPL member clubs .
BBC Radio Scotland also provide internet webcasts to all Scottish Premier League matches , having became the first broadcaster to introduce such a service in June 2000 .
However Old Firm games are broadcast when available on BBC Radio 5 Live and also on 102.5 Clyde 1 .
The right to broadcast SPL games on radio is currently held by BBC Radio Scotland , who have held the rights since the SPL started in the 1998 â `` 99 season .
In July , Sky Sports and ESPN agreed a Â # 65 million five-year deal with the SPL .
This then allowed Inverness Caledonian Thistle to return to their home stadium during the 2005 â `` 06 season .
The units were built in various formations , including two single car units , 12 power-twin 2-car units , 84 power-trailer 2-car units , and four 4-car units .
The British Rail Derby Lightweight diesel multiple units , were the first such trains to be built en-masse for British Railways .
Contemporaneous with these units was the unique Battery Electric Multiple Unit .
The units were built at BR 's Derby Works from 1954 to 1955 .
Steve Austin -LRB- born Steven Anderson on December 18 , 1964 , later Steven Williams -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin is a retired Professional wrestler known for his work within the WWE .
`` Chicken Huntin ' '' is a 1995 midwest hip hop song by the American Horrorcore band Insane Clown Posse and is the first single from their third studio album Riddle Box , which was released in 1995 . The song was produced by Insane Clown Posse and Mike Clark .
The song is about meeting and killing multiple racist rednecks , who the band referred to as ` Chickens ' .
The data is from the 2000 U.S. Census .
This is a list of the 50 U.S. states , ordered by population density .
The Pink Panther is a comedy film released in 2006 .
The Pink Panther is a comedy film released in 2006 . It is an adaptation of the the Pink Panther film series .
It is an adaptation of the the Pink Panther film series .
Sondrio is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy .
Patrice Evra -LRB- born 15 May 1981 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Manchester United and France national team .
The auditorium was named after Arthur Hill -LRB- 1847-1909 -RRB- , who served as a regent of the university from 1901 to 1909 .
Opened in 1913 , the auditorium was designed by Albert Kahn and Associates .
It was recently fixed up by the same firm beginning in 2002 and was re-opened in 2004 .
Hill Auditorium is the largest performance place on the University of Michigan campus in Ann Arbor in the United States .
Arras-sur-Rh Ã ne is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
Campo Grande is a city in Brazil .
When Mato Grosso do Sul left Mato Grosso and became it 's own Brazilian state , Campo Grande became the new capital .
Until the 1970 's Mato Grosso do Sul was part of Mato Grosso State .
Campo Grande International Airport serves Campo Grande and all of Mato Grosso do Sul State and the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul is in Campo Grande .
Urartian is the name for the language spoken by the people of the ancient kingdom of Urartu in Northeast Anatolia -LRB- present-day Turkey -RRB- , in the region of Lake Van .
Urartian was a separate language , which was neither a Semitic nor Indo-European language but a member of the Hurro-Urartian family .
Cheerios is a popular brand of cereal .
It is manufactured by General Mills .
Red Prophet -LRB- 1988 -RRB- is an alternate history\/fantasy book by Orson Scott Card .
It is the second book in Card 's The Tales of Alvin Maker series and is about Alvin Miller , the seventh son of a seventh son .
Red Prophet was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1988 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1989 .
Mulatto -LRB- from Spanish mulato , small mule -RRB- is a word referring to a person who is born to one Black parent and one Caucasian parent .
Today , living specimen exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species species , but fossils have been in Madagascar and Argentina .
Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas .
It is located 3 km south-east of the town of Lenzburg .
Ammerswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
RibeirÃ # o Preto is a Brazilian city in the state of SÃ # o Paulo .
Its name means Black Creek in Portuguese .
Sphenodontia is an order of lizard-like reptiles that includes only one living genus , the tuatara -LRB- Sphenodon -RRB- .
Ltd. , as his father , who owns a gold retail store wanted Kwok to gain experience in the business and eventually taking over the family business .
There , Kwok performed in PVs and a variety of TV shows .
Kwok has also done extensive public service and charity work , which is why he was amongst the winners of the Ten Most Outstanding Young Persons Award 2003 .
Aaron won the Best Actor Award again at the forty-third Golden Horse Awards on 24 November 2006 for his role in the movie After This Our Exile .
At the Taiwan 's forty-second Golden Horse Awards ceremony on 13 November 2005 , Kwok won Best Leading Actor award for his role in the movie Divergence .
He became the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award year after year .
In 1984 , Aaron Kwok joined a dancer training course at HK-TVB , where his talent for dancing was shown .
He was transferred to the acting department of the talent training course and became a TV actor , where he played a few roles in Chinese television drama shows .
It was Kwok 's first Golden Horse nomination and beat veteran Hong Kong star Tony Leung to win the honor .
After graduating from secondary school , Kwok worked as a junior staff in King Fook Gold and Jewellery Co. .
Waltenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
North Walsham is a town in Norfolk , England .
Presidents serve two-and-a-half-year terms . This time is normally divided between the two major political parties of the European Parliament .
The current President is Jerzy Buzek .
Two Presidents have been women and most have come from the older member states .
He or she also represents the Parliament within the EU and internationally .
The President of the European Parliament is the head of the European Parliament .
The President has to sign that EU laws and the EU budget can become valid .
There have been twenty-eight Presidents , since the Parliament was created in 1952 . Thirteen of whom have served since the first Parliamentary election in 1979 .
The diameter of Sycorax is estimated at 150 km -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- making it the biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus , comparable in size with Himalia , the biggest non-spherical moon of Jupiter .
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong , together with Setebos and Prospero , to the same dynamic cluster , suggesting common origin .
Sycorax is the biggest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus .
Sycorax follows a far orbit , more than 20 times farther from Uranus than the farthest regular moon Oberon .
Officially confirmed as Uranus XVII , it was named after Sycorax , Caliban 's mother in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus -LRB- in polar co-ordinates -RRB- with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
Sycorax was found on 1997-09-06 by Brett J. Gladman , Philip D. Nicholson , Joseph A. Burns , and John J. Kavelaars using the 200-inch Hale telescope , together with Caliban and given the designation S\/1997 U 2 .
Its orbit is retrograde , moderately inclined and eccentric .
DennebrÅ `` ucq is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
IÃ igo DÃ az de Cerio -LRB- born 15 May 1984 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Athletic Bilbao .
Galax is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Its county seat is Pittsboro .
Chatham County is part of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments .
Chatham County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
In 1907 parts of Chatham County and Moore County were combined to form Lee County .
In 2000 , the population was 49,329 .
Saint-Loub Ã s is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Second Lady of the United States is an unofficial title , similar to the official title of First Lady of the United States , that refers to the wife of the current Vice President of the United States .
After listening to both sides the jirga then comes to a decision . When the decision has been made the mediator then announces it .
They are most common in Afghanistan and among the Pashtun in Pakistan near its border with Afghanistan .
The jirga 's decision has to be accepted .
The mediator hears from the two sides , and then forms a jirga of community elders , taking care to include supporters of both sides .
La Cambe is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Lorne Michaels -LRB- born November 17 , 1944 -RRB- is the creator of Saturday Night Live .
Alistair Maclean Darling -LRB- born November 28 , 1953 -RRB- is a British Labor Party politician who was the Chancellor of the Exchequer from June 2007 to May 2010 and also held several posts in Tony Blair 's government .
His government posts under Tony Blair include : Chief Secretary to the Treasury -LRB- 1997-1998 -RRB- , Secretary of State for Work and Pensions -LRB- 1998-2002 -RRB- , Transport Secretary -LRB- 2002-2006 -RRB- , Scottish Secretary -LRB- 2003-2006 -RRB- and Secretary of State for Trade and Industry -LRB- 2006-2007 -RRB- .
Greek numerals are a system of representing numbers using letters of the Greek alphabet .
At first , before it was used more , the Greek alphabet , Linear A and Linear B had used a different system with symbols for 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 and 10000 operating with the following formula : = 1 , â `` = 10 , â -- = 100 , Â = 1000 , â 1\/4 = 10000 .
For example , 241 is represented as Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ê -LRB- 200 + 40 + 1 -RRB- .
A `` left keraia '' -LRB- Unicode U +0375 , â Greek Lower Numeral Signâ -RRB- is put in front of thousands to distinguish them from the standard use .
In modern Greek , uppercase letters are used more , as in Î Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Î ' Ê = Philip II .
Each unit -LRB- 1 , 2 , â , 9 -RRB- was assigned a separate letter , each tens -LRB- 10 , 20 , â , 90 -RRB- a separate letter , and each hundreds -LRB- 100 , 200 , â , 900 -RRB- a separate letter .
They are also known by the names Milesian numerals , Alexandrian numerals , or alphabetic numerals .
In modern Greece , they are still in use for ordinal numbers , and in much of the same way that Roman numerals are in the West ; for ordinary -LRB- cardinal -RRB- numbers , Arabic numerals are used .
For example , 2008 is represented as Í Î Î Ê -LRB- 2000 + 8 -RRB- .
To represent numbers from 1,000 to 999,999 the same letters are reused to serve as thousands , tens of thousands , and hundreds of thousands .
The Greeks also used the myriad to denote 10,000 -LRB- Î Ê -RRB- and the myriad myriad for one hundred million -LRB- Î Î Ê -RRB- .
This alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to form the total .
To distinguish numerals from letters they are followed by the `` keraia '' -LRB- Greek Î Î Ï Î Î Î â '' insect antenna -RRB- , a symbol similar to an acute sign -LRB- Unicode U +0374 -RRB- .
This requires 27 letters , so the 24-letter Greek alphabet was extended by using three obsolete letters : fau Ï , -LRB- also used are stigma Ï or , in modern Greek , Ï Ï -RRB- for 6 , qoppa Ï for 90 , and sampi Ï for 900 . .
The earliest alphabet-related system of numerals used with the Greek letters was a set of the acrophonic Attic numerals , operating much like Roman numerals -LRB- which derived from this scheme -RRB- , with the following formula : Î = 1 , Î = 5 , Î '' = 10 , Î Î '' = 50 , Î -- = 100 , Î Î -- = 500 , Î = 1000 , Î Î = 5000 , Î = 10000 and Î Î = 50000 .
Other AOL products are AOL Spyware Protection , AOL Safety and Security Center , ICQ , AOl Computer Check-Up , AOL Explorer , AOL TopSpeed , AOL Dialer , AOL One-Click Fixes and AOL Openride .
The bond market -LRB- also known as the debt , credit , or fixed income market -RRB- is a financial market where people buy and sell debt securities , usually in the form of bonds .
In 2006 the size of the international bond market was about $ 45 trillion . The size of the outstanding U.S. bond market debt was $ 25.2 trillion .
The Battery Electric Multiple Unit was an experimental two-car Multiple unit , built at the same time and in the same style as the prototype Derby Lightweight Diesel multiple units .
In microarchitecture micro-operations -LRB- sometimes termed : micro-instructions , also known as micro-ops or Î 1\/4 ops -RRB- , are detailed low-level instructions used in some designs to implement complex machine instructions in which each instruction is composed of a set of low-level micro-ops .
This entire area has almost the same traditions , customs and culture .
It is spoken throughout a widespread area , starting from Khanewal and Jhang at both ends of Ravi River and Chenab River to Gujranwala District .
It than runs down to Bahawalnagar and Chishtian araes , on the banks of river Sutlej River .
Jhangochi -LRB- Ø Ú 3\/4 Ù Ú Ù Ú Û -RRB- is the oldest and most conservative dialect of the Punjabi -LRB- Lahndi or western Punjabi or seraeki -RRB- language .
It is spoken in the Bar areas of Punjab , i.e. areas whose names are often suffixed with ` Bar ' , for example Sandal Bar , Kirana Bar , Neeli Bar and Ganji Bar .
This area has a great culture and heritage , especially literary heritage , as it is credited with the creation of the famous epic romance stories of Heer Ranjha and Mirza Sahiba .
The Jhangochi dialect of Punjabi has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi variants .
Flash Gordon is a science fiction adventure story that began as a comic strip in 1934 . Since then , the Flash Gordon story has been made into movies , TV shows and a radio show .
A new Flash Gordon TV show premieres on the Sci Fi Channel in August 2007 .
It was founded in 1870 .
Loyola University Chicago is a private , Jesuit university in Chicago , Illinois .
Achterhoek -LRB- English : back-corner -RRB- is a region in the province Gelderland in the Netherlands .
The first recorded use of coral as a color name in English was in 1513 .
The Flat Earth Society -LRB- or the International Flat Earth Research Society -RRB- is an organization saying that the Earth is flat -LRB- most of us think it 's round ; a sphere -RRB- .
It was started by Samuel Shenton in 1956 , and then it was led by Charles K. Johnson , who made his home the organization 's base .
Flower is a 1989 Grunge song by the American rock band Soundgarden .
Flower was written by Chris Cornell and Kim Thayil . The song is the first and only single from Soundgarden 's debut 1988 album , Ultramega OK .
Latilly is a commune . It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Spiraeoideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the order Rosales .
It is also next the following Union Councils within Abbottabad District : to the north by Nambal , to the south by Berote Kalan and to the west by Phalkot , Namli Maira , Nagri Bala .
Bakot was badly affected by the 2005 Pakistan earthquake , as the place where the earthquake happened was nearby .
Bakot is located in the east of Abbottabad District and is next to the Muzaffarabad and Bagh districts of Kashmir .
Saint-Montan is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Montpezat-sous-Bauzon is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
It was the first film to win an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , a category introduced in 2001 .
There have also been two sequels -LRB- follow-ups -RRB- of Shrek , called Shrek 2 and Shrek the Third .
Shrek is an animated movie based upon William Steig 's 1990 fairy tale picture book called Shrek ! .
Helene Bertha Amalie `` Leni '' Riefenstahl -LRB- August 22 , 1902 - September 8 , 2003 -RRB- was a German film director .
Parkes is has a gold and copper mine , Northparkes , north of the town .
As well as local research done at the radio telescope , Parkes scientists have helped NASA . For several missions the telescope was the Southern Hemisphere relay and communications station .
An even larger terminal to be built nearby is also being planned .
There are also many great parks .
In 1873 the town was renamed to Parkes in honor of Sir Henry Parkes . He is called the `` Father of the Federation '' .
The movie The Dish was based on the job of the telescope during the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing .
Parkes hosts a yearly Elvis Presley Festival in early January to celebrate Elvis Presley 's birthday .
Parkes is on the main Australian transcontinental railway line between Sydney and Perth . The Newell Highway between Victoria and Queensland goes through the city .
Many people come to Parkes to see the CSIRO radio telescope which is 20km north of town on the Newell Highway . other things to see are Bushmans Hill , and the War Memorial Lookout .
Parkes has a local bus service run by Western Road Liners . It took over from Harris Bus Lines in March 2006 .
Country Energy which supplies electricity and gas has a training and maintenance -LRB- repair -RRB- center .
It was first called Currajong after the many kurrajong trees in the local area . After a while it was called Bushman 's after the local gold mine named Bushman 's Lead .
Sir Henry Parkes is famous in Australia for getting Australia to become one country in 1901 .
There was also a small station at Parkes Racecourse from 1923 to 1937 .
The Indian Pacific train also stops twice a week . The Broken Hill Outback Xplorer service , run by CountryLink , goes to Broken Hill on Mondays and to Sydney on Tuesdays .
It is the center and main city of the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire .
In 1873 the town was renamed to Parkes in honor of Sir Henry Parkes .
Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line . It was opened in 1893 .
Parkes has had an important role in science .
It was opened on 20 October 2006 by NSW Premier Morris Iemma . Specialised Container Transport 's transport terminal is built on a 296 hectare site .
It has 5 km of railway sidings , a 7,400 square metre warehouse and about 40 people work there .
The Roads and Traffic Authority of NSW has the Western Regional Office built in Parkes .
A lot of people came to Parkes in the gold rush of the 1870s . There are still mining companies with sites in the local area .
Nearby there is the Goobang National Park , and Peak Hill . peak Hill has an open cut mine -LRB- a big hole in the ground -RRB- that can be visited during holidays .
Parkes is a city in New South Wales , Australia .
Le Torquesne is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The VisegrÃ d Group -LRB- also the VisegrÃ d Four or V4 -RRB- is a group of four central European countries : the Czech Republic , Hungary , Poland and Slovakia .
Haruhiko Sato -LRB- born 27 June 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
ArgÃ lico Fucks -LRB- born 14 September 1974 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
At present , it only is navigable up to Seville , though in the Roman epoch it was navigable up to Cordoba .
The Six-Day War was a war that started on June 5 , 1967 and ended June 10 , 1967 .
Wood Dale is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Like other cheeses , Brie is a dairy product made from milk . In some countries , Brie cheese is served with fruit as a dessert at the end of a meal .
Brie is a type of soft cheese with a yellowish interior and a white layer on the outside of the cheese . Like other cheeses , Brie is a dairy product made from milk .
There were no membership numbers or cards when Hitler joined the party .
Other well-known early members were :
Hitler was very good at making speeches , so Anton Drexler asked him to join the party .
The ' or German Workers ' Party -LRB- DAP -RRB- , was a political party in Germany just after World War I. It did not last for very long , and became the Nazi Party -LRB- , acronym NSDAP -RRB- .
To try to make the party more popular the DAP changed its name on 24 February 1920 to the National Socialist German Workers ' Party .
Hitler got number 555 , but he was also committee member number 7 . Later Hitler said he was party member number 7 , to make it look like he was a founder member of the DAP -RRB- .
The name was borrowed from a different Austrian party active at the time -LRB- Deutsche Nationalsozialistische Arbeiterpartei -RRB- . At first Hitler wanted the new name to be the `` Social Revolutionary Party '' ; but Rudolf Jung persuaded Hitler to use NSDAP .
Hitler was the 55th member of the party .
On 24 March 1919 , Karl Harrer -LRB- a sports journalist and member of the Thule Society -RRB- joined the DAP to try to get more control over the DAP for the Thule Society .
A pupa -LRB- plural : pupae or pupas -RRB- is part of becoming an adult for some insects , like some butterflies , moths , beetles , flies , and bees .
The pupa stage of a butterfly , called a chrysalis -LRB- plural `` chrysalids '' -RRB- , is a well-known example of a pupa because they are often found in the open .
Carlo Mazzone -LRB- born 19 March 1937 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Matthias Sammer -LRB- born 5 September 1967 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Sometimes , you have to take a ticket .
Socrates is usually the main person in Plato 's dialogues .
In the list on this page , a work is marked -LRB- 1 -RRB- if scholars are not sure that Plato really wrote it , and it is marked -LRB- 2 -RRB- if scholars generally agree that Plato did not really write it .
Other people in the stories often become angry with Socrates because of this ! People who study Plato argue about whether Socrates really said the same things that Plato makes him say , or whether Plato just used Socrates as a character , to make the ideas he was talking about seem more important .
Plato also wrote the Laws .
The Republic contains ideas of Socrates : `` Socrates said it , Plato wrote it . ''
Sementina is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
His second novel , The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love , received the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Hijuelos has taught at Hofstra University . He is a faculty member in the Department of English at Duke University .
He studied at the Corpus Christi School in Morningside Heights . Later , he attended Bronx Community College , Lehman College , and Manhattan Community College .
He is the first Hispanic to win a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Oscar J. Hijuelos -LRB- born August 24 , 1951 -RRB- is an American novelist .
It was adapted for the film The Mambo Kings in 1992 and as a Broadway musical in 2005 .
Hijuelos was born in New York City , in Morningside Heights , Manhattan . His parents were Cuban immigrants .
His first novel , Our House in the Last World , was published in 1983 and received the 1985 Rome Prize , awarded by the American Academy in Rome .
The Washington Post is Washington , D.C. 's largest newspaper . It is also its oldest and was founded in 1877 .
D.C. , Maryland , and Virginia editions are printed to be sold daily .
Washington and Lee University is a private liberal arts college in Lexington , Virginia , United States .
It attempts a ISO 3166-2 region code for locations in Canada , France , Germany , India , and the United States .
Locations in Canada , India , and the United States generate invalid region codes -LRB- CA-X , IN-X , and US-X -RRB- if the second argument is omitted , blank , or invalid .
It attempts a ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code for all other locations .
The first -LRB- required -RRB- argument specifies the name of the country , such as `` United States '' or `` Chile '' .
In some cases , however , it invokes a helper template :
can handle many inputs simply and directly .
So far , however , the template has failed to keep up with the ingenuity of infobox creators .
The second -LRB- optional -RRB- argument is the name of a state or province within the specified country , such as `` Alaska '' .
The template attempts to generate the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 or ISO 3166-2 code for a named country or geographic region , for use in the parameter of .
Interestingly , centrosomes are not required for the progression of mitosis .
Many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrosomes .
In the absence of the centrosome , the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle .
The centrosome replicates during the interphase of the cell cycle .
Fungi and plants use other structures to organize their microtubules .
The centrosome has apparently only evolved in metazoan eukaryotic cells .
The centrosome is copied only once per cell cycle so that each daughter cell inherits one centrosome , containing two centrioles .
When the centrosomes are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds with a normal spindle .
The mitotic spindle then forms between the two centrosomes .
Upon division , each daughter cell receives one centrosome .
The centrosome was discovered by Edouard Van Beneden in 1883 , and was described and named in 1888 by Theodor Boveri .
During the prophase of mitosis , the centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell .
Although the centrosome has a key role in efficient mitosis in animal cells , it is not necessary .
Linus Benedict Torvalds is a computer scientist , born in December 28 , 1969 , in Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
ChÃ cents tres is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
It is the third most populous city in the prefecture , after Yokohama and Kawasaki .
It is located in north central Kanagawa Prefecture , bordering Tokyo , Japan .
The main areas of commercial activity in Sagamihara are located around Hashimoto Station on the JR Yokohama Line and Keio Sagamihara Line , Sagamihara Station on the JR Yokohama Line , and Sagami - Å no Station on the Odakyu Odawara Line .
From the dried ripe flax seeds can be made an oil -LRB- linseed oil -RRB- .
The fibers of flax are used to make linen .
From the dried ripe flax seeds can be made an oil -LRB- linseed oil -RRB- . Flax has been used for a long time in such tasks as making bows and candles .
Flax -LRB- also known as common flax or linseed -RRB- -LRB- Linum usitatissimum -RRB- is a plant .
Jurandir de Freitas -LRB- born 12 November , 1940 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
A typical woman 's orgasm lasts much longer than that of a man .
Most women find these contractions very pleasurable .
Orgasm occurs as a result of continued sexual stimulation .
When a woman experiences full orgasm , her uterus , vagina , anus , and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions .
It is preceded by erection of the clitoris and moistening of the opening of the vagina .
When a woman experiences full orgasm , her uterus , vagina , anus , and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions . Most women find these contractions very pleasurable .
The WPBA 's board of directors fined Balukas $ 200 for unsportsmanlike conduct .
Bell was Balukas 's best friend on the women 's tour . She had never beaten Balukas before .
She also beat in the finals , Madelyn Whitlow of Detroit , Michigan , with a score of 75 â `` 32 in 44 innings -LRB- turns at the table -RRB- .
The match was billed on the television schedule as part of a `` Challenge of the Sexes '' . Other male-female matchups in the series were between golfers Nancy Lopez and Andy North and coed participants in a skateboarding challenge match .
In later years Balukas explained that she `` almost never went to the pool hall and if I did go , I did n't play .
At age 62 , Mosconi was well past his best playing years .
Announcers had stopped calling Balukas `` the Little Princess , '' but introduced her to audiences as `` the Queen '' .
A vote on whether she could play went 8 -- 7 for her . However , after they asked a player who was not there at the time of the first vote , Balukas again left the women 's division of the competition .
From that early start , Balukas dominated women 's professional pool during the 1970s and 1980s .
In 1966 , McGown held a billiards exhibition at New York City 's Grand Central Terminal .
On August 6 , 1978 Balukas became the first woman to qualify to play in the men 's side of the World Open Pocket Billiards Championship . This was a tournament with a 100-year history .
Well , see you later .
In 1999 , Balukas was ranked number fifteen on Billiard Digest 's Fifty Greatest Players of the Century .
I felt it should have been done by an outside panel , not by my competitors '' .
It just got to a point where I had so much animosity toward the pool world .
In summing up these events in a 1992 article , The New York Times stated , `` So America 's greatest woman pool player competes only for the odd soda .
However , after she traveled to the tournament she learned she had been tricked : `` I found out that the first - and second-place winners in the womenâ s event were going to be invited to play in the menâ s event .
Balukas finished the tournament by tying for 9th place among many of the best male players in the world .
In her first appearance in 1976 , while a junior in high school , Balukas placed second with 192 points . She won titles in tennis and bowling .
Not long afterward , she told a reporter that she was `` thinking of dropping out of women 's competition altogether . ''
A reporter described her at the match as `` a little girl with honey-blond hair ... wearing a short yellow dress and green leotards ... who resembles a young Shirley Temple . ''
On August 18 , 1972 , when she was thirteen years old , Balukas won the women 's side of the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship . For the win she beat five time champion Dorothy Wise .
Another professional named Loree Jon Jones was also interviewed . Her feelings were more mixed : `` Her not playing is , I guess , sad '' , but she also said that without Balukas playing , `` we 've all learned how to win . ''
In 1969 , Balukas was nine years old . She competed in her first Billiard Congress of America U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship .
She was a defending champion and , in fact , has lost only two games to women in the past eight years '' .
I taught myself to play pool . ''
It was made just for her in 1965 by the very famous cue stick maker , George Balabushka . When she was five and six years old she would practice a game called straight pool to 50 points after family dinners .
The women held a vote on whether Balukas should be allowed to play .
Balukas says no : `` when they find out that my father does n't play , many people think I must have learned the game from Frank McGown .
Despite Bell and Balukas 's friendship , after the match Bell made a formal complaint to the WPBA about the incident .
In 1975 she averaged 4.05 , while no other player averaged even 3 .
Later that year , Balukas and her younger sister Laura , appeared on very popular CBS television show called I 've Got a Secret .
She had a streak of 16 first place finishes in women 's professional tournaments . Balukas was also the only woman to compete equally with men in professional play in her era .
Balukas was the U.S Open 's youngest winner ever and by a large amount of years .
Balukas was not only talented at pool but also good at other sports .
After she reached the very top of her profession , `` That 's when I started getting nervous ... thatâ s when I started putting a lot of pressure on myself '' .
I felt uncomfortable , and besides , girls did n't go in those days . ''
She recalls , ` Whenever my brother Paul , the youngest of my four brothers , beat me at pool on the table downstairs at home , he would run through the house shouting ' I won , I beat her ' .
She quit the sport during a time of controversy in 1988 while at the very height of her ability . This was because of a dispute that happened in a match at the World Open Nine-ball Championship of that year .
Jean Balukas 's father , Albert Balukas , and business partner , Frank McGown , owned a forty-eight-table pool hall . McGown was a professional pool player .
In the 1974 U.S. Open held at the Sheraton Hotel in Chicago , Balukas defended her title , again beating out Harada , but by a much closer score : 100-99 .
Balukas heard many complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago tournament in 1988 . They said it was n't fair that she got to play on both the men 's and women 's side , when the men could only play on their own side .
Balukas later said that her break with the sport '' ... was a buildup of everything , ... A little burnout , a little frustration .
This meant that Balukas would be competing in both the women 's and men 's sides of the tournament . The tournament was to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue Madison Avenue in New York City .
In the next two U.S. Opens , in 1970 and 1971 , she placed 4th and 3rd .
Top athletes from one sport competed in a different sport that was not the one for which they were famous . The cash prizes were $ 69,000 in total .
Balukas refused to pay and the WPBA refused to lift the fine . They would not allow Balukas to play again until she paid .
That is n't true .
She took over management of her family 's pool hall , Hall of Fame Billiards on Ovington Avenue in Brooklyn . She says `` I 'm enjoying my life immensely ... I have moved on '' .
By the late 1960s , Balukas was playing in exhibition matches with top male players of the era . For example , she played with Willie Mosconi and Irving Crane who were together considered between 1941 and 1956 the `` best in the world , flat out '' .
According to an interview with Balukas by New York Woman magazine in 1991 , Balukas 's exact words were `` Some world championship ... beat me with skill , not luck '' .
Balukas would win the next two U.S. Open straight pool championships for a total of seven wins in a row . Her streak of wins ended after 1978 because the U.S. Open itself was canceled , not because she was beaten .
Balukas was entered in both the men 's and women 's divisions of the 1987 B.C. Classic , a nine-ball competition .
In 1973 , at fourteen , Balukas successfully defended her straight pool U.S. Open title . She beat runner-up Donna Ries , a psychologist from Kansas City , Missouri , with a final score of 75 â `` 72 in 42 innings .
She had appeared on other television programs with a number of billiard stars and other celebrities . These include Willie Mosconi , Sammy Davis , Jr. , Peter Falk , Hugh Downs , and Sonny Fox .
She would later play televised `` Battle of the Sexes '' matches with Rudolph Wanderone -LRB- also known as Minnesota Fats -RRB- in 1977 , Ray Martin in 1979 , and with Steve Mizerak in 1986 .
In 1975 , when she was fifteen-years old , Balukas was already described as the `` best female pool player in the world '' .
She first earned some fame when she was six years old by appearing in a pool playing event held at New York City 's Grand Central Station . She later appeared many times on television , such as on CBS 's popular evening television show , I 've Got a Secret .
That was my excuse to finally say I need a break '' .
The close scores at the end of the match were similar to the results on the men 's side , where Joe Balsis defeated Jim Rempe 200-199 .
Her mother , named Peggy , said she did her homework and took a nap before appearing at the scheduled match .
In 1976 , then 17 , Balukas took her fifth U.S. Open title in a row , beating Gloria Walker of Cheyney , Pennsylvania 75 â `` 46 in 39 innings and winning a $ 1,700 prize .
In August 1987 , at the yearly B.C. Classic held at a Holiday Inn in Binghamton , New York , Balukas was scheduled to play in the men 's and women 's side .
The final score was 50 to 42 .
Balukas explained that `` It wasnâ t the $ 200 ... -LRB- Women -RRB- pool players , who were ranked three and six and five , were the ones who decided I should be fined .
There , she again beat Gloria Walker with a score of 100 â `` 57 , and earned a $ 1,001 prize .
According to the WPBA , the dress code was decided by the women players for themselves . They made the rules to improve the image of women 's pool and to attract a larger audience and more press to the sport .
Balukas was named Billiards Congress of America -LRB- BCA -RRB- Player of the Year five times . She was the youngest person given an entry in the BCA Hall of Fame .
Her first play was on a 4 Â 1\/2 by 9 foot pool table in the basement of her childhood home . Her parents bought the table to keep her four brothers out of local pool rooms .
By one vote , they kept me out .
She was beaten in the second round by Steve Mizerak with a score of 150 â `` 93 .
Balukas played against men in a number of other competitions . These included at least one televised first shown on March 25 , 1979 , between her and men 's champion Ray Martin .
After arriving , she found out that for the nighttime matches , she would be required to wear formal clothing .
Balukas also admits to having been under great pressure , much of it that she placed on herself .
In advertisements for the match , Balukas was described as `` the Little Princess of Pocket Billiards . ''
In 1975 , Balukas beat Ries again in the U.S. Open semi-finals with a score of 75 â `` 15 in 15 innings . She also beat Gail Breedlove of Ames , Iowa , 75-19 .
Soon after the dress code issue was reported on , the president of the Women 's Professional Billiard Association -LRB- WPBA -RRB- , Belinda Bearden , sent a letter to The New York Times .
And some of the girls who are my best friends voted against me '' .
Other competitors included : diver Micki King ; tennis and golf pro Althea Gibson ; skier Kiki Cutter ; sprinter Wyomia Tyus ; and tennis champ Martina Navratilova .
She was nine years old when she placed 5th in the 1969 U.S. Open straight pool championship . She placed 4th and 3rd in the next two U.S. Opens .
By that time she had won the World Straight Pool Championship women 's division eight of the prior nine years . Over the same time period , she won every single women 's professional tournament in which she competedâ '' sixteen in all .
Her ball average over the seven U.S. Opens was far better than was her opponents ' .
Balukas has won many other pool titles , including six at the World Open Pocket Billiard Championships .
Jean Balukas -LRB- born June 28 , 1959 -RRB- is an American pool player from Brooklyn , New York .
Early in the match the score was 2 games to 3 , with Bell winning . Bell then made the 9 ball on the break shot two games in a row .
Balukas has won more U.S. Opens than any other player , male or female . The closest male is Steve Mizerak with four wins to Balukas 's seven .
Earlier in the tournament she beat Mieko Harada , a housewife from Kyoto , Japan . Baluka 's score was much higher than Harada 's : 75-1 in 20 innings and with a 25-ball high run .
With her parents ' permission , he brought along the six-year-old Balukas . She participated in the public event .
If you 're feeling lucky , drop by her poolroom ... If you 're thirsty ... go elsewhere '' .
The next year Balukas was in an exhibition match at a pool hall called the Carom Club , at that time located at 1697 Broadway in Manhattan .
At her first win in that tournament , held at a convention hall in Asbury Park , New Jersey on August 14 , 1977 , she was described as `` the 18-year-old prodigy from Brooklyn '' .
She has been described as a `` trailblazer , a child prodigy , a loner who rebelled against dress codes for womenâ '' the pool equivalent of Billie Jean King . '' Balukas was named Billiards Congress of America -LRB- BCA -RRB- Player of the Year five times .
In 1975 , she again played the legendary Willie Mosconi on CBS 's `` Challenge of the Sexes '' in both the games of eight-ball and nine-ball .
She would later appear on television many more times . For example , in broadcasts of pool matches , and in an interview on The Mike Douglas Show shown on January 11 , 1977 with Bernadette Peters and David Niven .
Her opponent was Roland DeMarco , a president of a college who also loved playing pool .
The men 's side had no similar dress code .
`` Playing against the men , I learned to lose , ... but -LRB- losing -RRB- hurt with the women because I was expected to win all the time '' .
Her final rank in the tournament was 22nd . At the end , 42 men were behind her .
In 1985 Balukas became the second woman -LRB- after Dorothy Wise -RRB- to be placed into the BCA Hall of Fame . She was the youngest person ever to receive the honor , at just under 27 years of age .
In 1988 , Balukas was playing another professional player named Robin Bell in a televised match of the Brunswick-sponsored World Open Nine-ball Championship . The tournament was held at Caesars Palace -LRB- a casino and hotel -RRB- in Las Vegas , Nevada .
She beat Billie Billings , also from Brooklyn , with a score of 100 â `` 75 .
I was stabbed in the back '' .
After a lot of controversy -LRB- discussed below -RRB- , she competed only on the men 's side .
They also explained that Balukas first left from the women 's division .
Reporting on the competition , The New York Times stated : `` Miss Balukas showed signs of strong title contention throughout the tournament play as she defeated six opponents with precision shooting and near flawless strategy . ''
All television match players wore small microphones so that their words and the sounds of play could be heard by the audience .
According to a 1987 interview with reporter Roger Starr of The New York Times , Balukas learned a lot about pool doing such television spots . However , `` she also learned that , even in fun , pool stars did not like losing in public , especially not to children , and less , even , to girl children .
And that was my out . You know , you 're going to fine me ?
They continued playing . Balukas won the match with a final score of 9 â `` 5 .
She refused to pay it . She turned down offers by others to pay the fine for her .
I guess that was one reason I worked all the harder at my game . ' ''
At that time McCready was the 17th-ranked male player by money list . McCready was the man who guest-starred as mean , insulting hustler `` Grady Seasons '' in the 1986 film The Color of Money .
Balukas later explained that `` what hurt at Binghamton was that while I was trying to stand up for us being treated the same as men , the other girls held the tournament draw without me .
According to The New York Times , `` Miss Balukas 's triumph ... was not only expected but routine .
Balukas averaged 3.44 in 1972 with the next best , Gloria Walker , having an average of 2.37 .
The winner that year was speed skater Anne Henning .
This was Balukas 's third U.S. Open title in a row , at the young age of fifteen .
During 1980 , Balukas again competed in the Men 's side of the World Open Pocket Billiards championship . That year it was played at New York City 's Roosevelt Hotel .
`` Just because she was our premier player does n't mean she was above the rules '' , said Vicki Paski in 1992 , then president of the WPBA .
When she had sought to compete against men as the only woman she had heard insults from some men , such as `` Iâ m gonna put on a dress and go play with the women '' .
By 1987 , Balukas 's dominance of women 's professional pool was so complete that it was described as `` breathtaking '' by The New York Times .
She also discovered that young men , including her brothers , shared the feeling of shame over losing to girls .
The second place win was both bitter and sweet for Balukas , because based on the award of prize money for placing at Superstars -LRB- $ 13,100 -RRB- , she lost amateur standing . Afterwards , she was banned from competing in high school sports .
In music , a whip or slapstick is a percussion instrument .
Crouch is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Newcastle-under-Lyme is a town near Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire , England . Newcastle-under-Lyme has a college called Newcastle-under-Lyme College .
Cerisy is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Wesley Carter Welker -LRB- born May 1 1981 , in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma -RRB- is an American football wide receiver for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
Chantonnay is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Anthon is a city of Iowa in the United States .
A number of museums cooperated in excavations at the Cleveland Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry . By 1976 , museums in eight countries on three continents had Cleveland-Lloyd allosaur material or casts .
The authors suggested that Allosaurus used its skull like a hatchet against prey , attacking open-mouthed , slashing flesh with its teeth , and tearing it away without splintering bones .
Allosaurus appeared in the second episode of the 1999 BBC television series Walking with Dinosaurs and the follow-up special The Ballad of Big Al , which speculated on the life of the ` Big Al ' specimen , as revealed by the numerous injuries and pathologies in its skeleton .
Allosaurus was at the top of the food chain . It probably preyed on large herbivorous dinosaurs and perhaps even other predators -LRB- e.g. Ceratosaurus -RRB- .
Potential prey included ornithopods , stegosaurs , and sauropods .
Another study showed the skull was very strong but had a relatively small bite force .
Allosaurus , like Tyrannosaurus , has come to represent the quintessential large , carnivorous dinosaur in popular culture .
Finally , the top speed of Allosaurus has been estimated at 30 to 55 kilometers per hour -LRB- 19 to 34 miles per hour -RRB- .
An Allosaurus tail vertebra has been found with a partially healed puncture which fits a Stegosaurus tail spike . Also , there is a Stegosaurus neck plate with a U-shaped wound that correlates well with an Allosaurus snout .
Allosaurus was used as the starring dinosaur of the 1956 film The Beast of Hollow Mountain , and the 1969 film The Valley of Gwangi .
Gwangi is billed as an Allosaurus , though Ray Harryhausen based his model for the creature on Charles R. Knight 's depiction of a Tyrannosaurus .
Allosaurus is the official ` state fossil ' of Utah .
Pronville is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Construction workers use chisels to change the shape of wood and stone so that they can build with them . Sometimes chisels are used to break things so that they can be moved more easily .
Spiere-Helkijn is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Brian Labone -LRB- born 23 January 1940 - died 24 April 2006 -RRB- is a former English football player .
He has played for England national team .
Leica is a camera company located in Wetzlar , Germany .
Dingle is a town in County Kerry , Republic of Ireland .
Oscar Peterson -LRB- August 15 , 1925 â `` December 23 , 2007 -RRB- was a Canadian jazz pianist .
This template is used inside other templates .
For more information read the World Commission on Protected Areas article .
If no value is used no banner will be displayed .
It takes one unnamed parameter and creates a `` banner '' to be displayed in an infobox .
Depending on the value of the parameter , one of the following banners will be displayed .
If an invalid value is used an error message will be displayed .
Valid values are Ia , Ib , II , III , IV , V and VI .
D.S.C. Arminia Bielefeld is a football club which plays in Germany .
In the United States the standard lengths of lumber are 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 14 , 16 , 18 , 20 , 22 , and 24 feet .
It is available in many species , usually hardwoods .
Boards are usually supplied in random widths and lengths of a specified thickness , and sold by the board-foot -LRB- 144 cubic inches -RRB- .
Lumber is supplied either rough or finished .
It is thus possible to find 2 Ã -- 4s that are four , eight , or twelve feet in length .
The length of a board is usually specified separately from the width and depth .
Examples of common sizes are 2 Ã -- 4 -LRB- also two-by-four and other variants -RRB- , 2 Ã -- 6 , and 4 Ã -- 4 .
In the U.K. and Australia , `` timber '' is a term also used for sawn wood products -LRB- that is , boards -RRB- , whereas generally in the United States and Canada , the product of timber cut into boards is referred to as lumber .
In North America sizes for dimensional lumber made from hardwoods varies from the sizes for softwoods .
Lumber or Timber is a term used to describe wood from the time trees are cut down , to its end product as a material suitable for industrial use -- as structural material for construction or wood pulp for paper production .
Engineered lumber is lumber created by a manufacturer and designed for a certain structural purpose .
Central Pier is one of three piers in the town of Blackpool , England .
Frankfurt-Hahn Airport , a growing low-fare carrier and cargo airport is there as well .
In the north behind the Moselle it is continued by the Eifel .
The climate in the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is characterised by rainy weather .
It is bounded by the river valleys of the Moselle -LRB- north -RRB- , the Nahe -LRB- south -RRB- , and the Rhine -LRB- east -RRB- .
The highest peak is the Erbeskopf -LRB- 816 m -RRB- .
To the south of the Nahe , there is the Palatinate .
Towns in the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck include Simmern , Kirchberg , and Idar-Oberstein , Kastellaun , and Morbach .
Slate is mined in the mountains .
The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is continued by the Taunus mountains on the eastern side of the Rhine .
The German TV drama trilogy Heimat , directed by Edgar Reitz , examined the 20th-century life of a small fictional village in the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck .
Many of the hills are not higher than 400 m. But there are several chains of higher peaks within the HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck , all bearing names on their own : the -LRB- SchwarzwÃ lder -RRB- Hochwald , the Idarwald , the Soonwald , and the Binger Wald .
The HunsrÃ 1\/4 ck is a low mountain range in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
Satoshi Horinouchi -LRB- born 26 October 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds .
The actual process , however , is unknown .
Some chytrid species are known to kill amphibians in large numbers .
There are approximately 1,000 chytrid species , in 127 genera , distributed among 5 orders .
Both zoospores and gametes of the chytrids are mobile by their flagella , one whiplash per individual .
Many chytrids are found in fresh water .
Water polo is a sport played in the water with a ball .
Blade of Fire is the second book in Stuart Hill 's fantasy series , the Icemark Chronicles .
Nigel de Jong -LRB- born 30 November 1984 -RRB- is a Dutch football player . He plays for Manchester City and Netherlands national team .
A string quartet is a piece of music for four string instruments .
String quartets are the most popular form of chamber music . Many composers have written string quartets .
The song received a Grammy nomination in 1997 for Record of the Year .
It was released as the album 's fourth single in 1996 .
`` Ironic '' is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard . It was produced by Glen Ballard for Morissette 's third album , Jagged Little Pill .
A Lunar eclipse is an astronomical phenomenon .
Lunar eclipses occur about twice a year , much more often than solar eclipses .
The HTML markup produced by this template includes an hCard microformat , which makes the person 's details parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue articles across Wikipedia or via a browser tool operated by a reader , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to an address book or database .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
Date-of-birth -LRB- `` bday '' -RRB- information will only be included in the microformat if , , or are used in the infobox .
Kate married singer Loudon Wainwright III and had two children , singers Martha Wainwright and Rufus Wainwright .
Kate McGarrigle -LRB- February 6 , 1946 , in Montreal , Canada - January 18 , 2010 -RRB- was a Canadian singer-songwriter famous for her emotional songs written in the folk style . With her sister Anna McGarrigle , she had success in the 1970 's where they were well known for their harmony singing .
Saint-M Ã lany is a commune in the ArdÃ che department and RhÃ ne-Alpes region of France .
Pertheville-Ners is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Masakazu Suzuki -LRB- born 1 January 1955 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Dwight David `` Ike '' Eisenhower -LRB- October 14 , 1890 â `` March 28 , 1969 -RRB- -LRB- born in Denison , Texas -RRB- was an American soldier and politician . He was known across the world for his help leading the Allied invasions in World War II , and he later became the 34th President of the United States -LRB- from 1953 to 1961 -RRB- .
Joseph Aloysius Lyons -LRB- 15 September 1879 â `` 7 April 1939 -RRB- was the tenth Prime Minister of Australia .
He enrolled at the Faculty of Architecture-Engineering , University of Budapest , where he graduated in 1948 .
Gabor Acs lives in Rome with his wife Armelle .
As SGI 's chief architect , Gabor Acs , and Watergate complex chief architect Luigi Moretti , flew to New York City on May 17 1962 and defended the complex 's design in a special three-hour meeting with United States Commission of Fine Arts members .
After some experience with architectural design , Gabor in 1956 is associated with I. M. Pei and Partners in New York .
ISO 3166-2 : BR is an ISO standard which defines geocodes : it is the subset of ISO 3166-2 which applies to Brazil .
ISO 3166-2 : BR is an ISO standard which defines geocodes : it is the subset of ISO 3166-2 which applies to Brazil . It covers 1 Federal District and 26 states .
Sun Records is a record label started on March 27 , 1952 by Sam Phillips . It is in Memphis , Tennessee .
Jun Uchida -LRB- born 14 October 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Albirex Niigata .
This one-minute video is a viral video that became a well-known Internet among bloggers and message boards for its viewers reaction to the content .
2 Girls 1 Cup 's spread because of the reactions it causes .
The first few seconds of the 2 Girls 1 Cup video contain the text `` MFX 1209 '' -LRB- the product code for Hungry Bitches -RRB- and the URL mfxvideos.com .
2 Girls 1 Cup is the title of the trailer for Hungry Bitches , a scat-pornographic film produced by MFX Media .
A reaction video starring Kermit the Frog proved very popular on the Digg .
Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to 3 years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $ 98,000 .
Fiorito first produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .
Fiorito says his films are legal in Brazil , but authorities in the United States have branded some of his films as dirty and filed charges against Danilo Croce , a Brazilian lawyer living in Florida , listed as an officer of a company shipping Fiorito 's films in the United States .
Fiorito said he did not know his films were illegal in the United States and that his films often contained chocolate instead of feces to appease some of his actors who were willing to appear in scat films but not actually eat fecal matter .
Even Joe Rogan , host of Fear Factor , a show known for the nasty things its players eat , had to turn away in a reaction video posted to his blog .
Around mid-October 2007 , video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos that show others ' reactions to watching the video for the first time .
`` Lovers Theme '' from HervÃ Roy 's Romantic Themes album released by Tele Music in 1992 plays throughout .
In January 2008 , Slate magazine wrote about the reaction video with a slideshow about the reactions .
The video came from a Brazilian , Marco Fiorito , who talks of himself as a `` compulsive fetishist '' .
Hundreds of videos exist on YouTube of users showing the original video to their friends and recording their reactions .
The trailer features two women defecating into a cup , taking turns consuming the excrement , and vomiting it into each other 's mouths .
The word `` delta '' comes from the upper-case letter delta , Î '' , in the Greek alphabet because a river delta resembles the shape of this letter .
A river delta is a landform where the mouth of a river flows into an ocean , sea , desert , estuary , lake or another river .
Solid mechanics is the branch of mechanics , physics , and mathematics that concerns itself with how solid matter under external actions works -LRB- such as external forces , temperature changes , applied displacements , etc. -RRB- .
One of the most common practical applications of solid mechanics is the Euler-Bernoulli beam equation .
It is part of a larger study known as continuum mechanics .
Savannah is the largest city in , and the county seat of , Chatham County , Georgia , USA .
She was the protector of lower Egypt .
Childers did not win re-election in on November 2 , 2010 , he was defeated by former state senator Alan Nunnelee .
1This match was played in front of an empty stadium . This was to punish to Partizan for earlier crowd trouble .
The 2002 â `` 03 UEFA Cup was won by Porto .
Porto defeated Celtic 3-2 in a final decided by a goal in extra time .
There is a public memorial to him in the Cloister of St Bartholomew-the-Great , West Smithfield , London .
He wrote a chapter on 18th century German church music in The New Oxford History of Music , he wrote several books to show students how to write harmony , and books on how to perform Bachâ s music called Bachâ s Passions , Bach for Choirs , and Performing Bachâ s Vocal Music .
He became a student at the Royal Academy of Music , studying under George Oldroyd .
He conducted music by many Baroque composers as well as modern composers such as Igor Stravinsky , Peter Maxwell Davies , John Tavener , Stanley Glasser -LRB- sung in Zulu -RRB- and his own pupil Nicholas Maw .
In 1946 he started the London Bach Society . Then he became Director of Music and organist at the Priory Church of St. Bartholomew-the-Great in London , which was a very old church , a lecturer at University of London and a Professor at the Royal Academy of Music .
He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- OBE -RRB- in 1985 , the year in which Bachâ s 300th birthday was celebrated .
Paul Steinitz -LRB- born Chichester , 25 August 1909 ; died Old Oxted , Surrey , 21 April 1988 -RRB- was an English conductor and organist .
Paul Steinitz was born in Chichester , West Sussex , in the south of England in 1909 . His father was an Anglican clergyman .
Every Lent they performed one of the two great Bach passions : the St Matthew Passion , or sometimes the St John Passion .
In the 1930s he was Director of Music at the church of St. Mary 's Ashford , Kent . There he became very interested in the music of Bach while studying for his Doctorate
Paul Steinitz had many honors . He was a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Organists .
In 1952 he conducted the first performance in Britain of Bachâ s St Matthew Passion in its complete and original German form .
He got together a group of players which he called the Steinitz Bach Players .
Dr. Steinitz died in April 1988 at home in his lovely 18th century cottage in Old Oxted , just south of London . He was a Quaker who believed strongly that music could help to bring peace in the world .
He was a very good organist and got his FRCO diploma in 1930 .
Today Steinitzâ wife Margaret continues her husband 's work with the London Bach Society , of which Steinitz Bach Players is an integral part .
ParquÃ s is played with two dice ; two to eight players can compete in the same match , depending on what type of game board is used .
If a player does not roll any pairs during his turn , he passes the dice to the player on his right .
Each player can throw the dice once .
The board itself is usually placed on a box covered by glass .
The objective of the game is to advance all the pieces to the end .
When the pieces are freed , they are placed in a special box next to the jail .
He throws again and must move the values of the dice with his pieces .
The player can capture an opponentâ s piece by placing his own piece on the same box as the other playerâ s piece .
Capturing in Colombia is called â eatingâ -LRB- â comerâ in Spanish -RRB- .
The player throws the dice three times and attempts to get a pair in order to `` free '' the pieces .
ParquÃ s is the Colombian version of Pachisi , which originated in India .
The pieces can not advance backwards and they can not be in any of the four boxes before their `` Home '' box .
There are boards for 4 , 6 and 8 players .
There are some exceptions to this rule :
There is no proof to the claim that it stems from a country other than India .
Otherwise , he frees the pieces and wins an extra turn to move them .
ParquÃ s is the Colombian board game . The game is similar to those in the Cross and Circle family -LRB- the category that includes Pachisi -RRB- .
The boards usually contain pictures of soccer teams , singers , actors , or other cultural figures on the jail boxes .
There are versions of the board that are made from paper to make it portable .
Moreover , no ParquÃ s game is played in any other Latin American countries , neither the world .
In Colombia , people from all parts of the country play the game ; it is very popular , played by both children and adults .
ParquÃ s stems directly from Pachisi in the same way as Parcheesi , ParchÃ s or Ludo .
The player can avoid capturing the piece .
However , the player can capture pieces on his HOME box .
The jail box is where the pieces are placed at the beginning of the match and is where they go whenever an opponent `` captures '' them .
There are three types of special boxes .
Although it could be argued that the game comes from Spain -LRB- exactly as a derivation from ParchÃ s -RRB- due to the similarity between both games , there is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian .
If nobody notices , nothing happens .
Rolling different pairs or `` doubles '' allows more pieces to be `` freed '' :
Each player is given four pieces and uses a specific color .
However , he can not capture a piece that is on a SAFE or a HOME box .
On that case , an opponent has to accuse him and the piece that did not capture must go to jail .
The game is described as a `` random thinking '' one : the moves depend on the roll of the dice but players must consider possible strategies before executing their move .
When he frees any piece from jail , the pieces placed on his HOME are captured , that is , sent to its jail , losing all their advances .
This box is called `` Home '' , or `` Salida '' -LRB- literally , `` exit '' in Spanish -RRB- .
The most common colors are red , blue , yellow and green , usually arranged in that order .
Adults usually play the game by betting money on the first piece , on capturing pieces , or on winning the game , to make gameplay more interesting .
ParquÃ s is a mixture of the original Indian game and the influences of local Colombian culture .
The use of glass is to allow dice to be thrown more easily .
The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces
At some time , there was a decision to only have Stitch 's name in the names of both the movie and the following series , which was planned to be called Stitch !
The Movie is a direct-to-video animated spinoff of Lilo & Stitch , released on August 26 , 2003 .
The movie 's original title was going to be Lilo & Stitch : A New Ohana .
It is often considered more of a pilot for the spinoff series Lilo & Stitch : The Series rather than a sequel to the original movie .
Zamostea is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Shingo Kunieda , defended his 2009 title after Nicolas Peifer withdrew from the final .
To add an article to this category , please use ' instead of ' .
Electronic body music -LRB- EBM , also known as aggropop -RRB- is a music genre that mixes together parts of industrial music and electronic dance music .
One new example of the use of the word Cabal is that the former chief of staff , Lawrence Wilkerson , of the Secretary of State Colin Powell said that the foreign policy of George W. Bush 's administration were run by a `` Cheney-Rumsfeld cabal '' .
Sometimes people say `` There Is No Cabal '' , or use the abbreviation TINC to mean `` There Is No Cabal '' .
If something is finite , it means it will end . The opposite is infinite .
Friedrich Stowasser -LRB- better known as Friedensreich Hundertwasser , born 15 December 1928 , died 19 February 2000 -RRB- was an Austrian artist . He often called himself Friedensreich Regentag Dunkelbunt Hundertwasser .
Moolan is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad .
They are twins .
Phillip `` Phil '' DeVille and Lillian `` Lil '' DeVille are two of the four main characters of the Nickelodeon shows Rugrats and the spin-off All Grown Up ! . They are twins .
Otherwise , the return value is 1 if the parameter is positive , 0 if it is null , -1 if negative .
This template evaluates its numeric parameter and returns its mathematical sign .
If the parameter is empty or missing , it returns an empty string .
They have been used by humans for over 2 million years .
Plutonic or intrusive rocks are made when magma cools and crystallizes slowly within the Earth 's crust -LRB- example granite -RRB- . Volcanic or extrusive rocks result from magma reaching the surface either as lava or ejecta -LRB- examples pumice and basalt -RRB- .
Igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools . They are divided into two main categories : plutonic rock and volcanic rock .
Rocks have had an impact on human life .
Rocks may be igneous , sedimentary and metamorphic .
The mining of rocks for their metal has been one of the most important things in human advancement .
Properties can have all sorts of dimensions , depending upon the system being considered ; parameters are dimensionless , or have the dimension of time or its reciprocal . ''
The term can also be used in engineering contexts , however , as it is typically used in the physical sciences .
This usage is not consistent , as sometimes the term channel refers to an individual measured item , with parameter referring to the setup information about that channel .
`` Speaking generally , properties are those physical quantities which directly describe the physical attributes of the system ; parameters are those combinations of the properties which suffice to determine the response of the system .
In engineering -LRB- especially involving data acquisition -RRB- the term parameter sometimes loosely refers to an individual measured item .
It formed as a subtropical cyclone on April 20 , while it was to the west of Bermuda .
When the storm became a tropical cyclone , it was also the first Atlantic tropical storm in the month of April .
A couple of factors , which included the stormy seas , caused a boat to capsize in Jupiter Inlet . Two people on the ship drowned , and the others were rescued .
When Ana formed , a tropical storm warning was also issued for Bermuda .
Ana was the second subtropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic basin in the month of April . When the storm became a tropical cyclone , it was also the first Atlantic tropical storm in the month of April .
It quickly lost strength because of wind shear and a close cold front . On April 24 , Ana became an extratropical cyclone .
It is estimated that Ana became a tropical storm by 0000 UTC on April 21 .
Before Ana was formed , the government of Bermuda declared a gale warning for the island .
The remnants of Ana dropped 0.87 inches -LRB- 22 mm -RRB- of rainfall in the city of Ponta Delgada in the Azores .
The storm moved close to Bermuda and dropped 2.63 inches -LRB- 67 mm -RRB- of rainfall the Bermuda International Airport .
When it became a tropical cyclone , Ana reached its highest winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- .
On April 21 , the subtropical cyclone became a tropical cyclone .
After turning towards the northeast , the core of Ana merged with a cold front on April 24 . Because of t his , Tropical Storm Ana turned into an extratropical cyclone .
Ana was the second subtropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic basin in the month of April .
Ana continued to move eastward , and early on April 22 , the wind shear again removed the thunderstorms from the center of the storm .
Charles Darwin used the example of artificial selection to introduce his idea of natural selection . Artificial selection may be contrasted with the process of natural selection .
Artificial selection may sometimes be unintentional ; it is thought that domestication of crops by early humans was largely unintentional .
In natural selection , the differential reproduction of organisms with certain traits happens .
Wii Fit was first released on December 1 , 2007 in Japan .
Wii Fit is an exercise video game made by Nintendo for the Wii game console .
Chromatids are the daughter strands of a duplicated chromosome which are joined by a single centromere . When the centromere divides , the chromatids become separate chromosomes .
Marianne Curley , -LRB- born 20 May 1959 -RRB- is an Australian writer .
Others are not radioactive . These are called stable isotopes .
Also , some isotopes are radioactive .
As there are more protons , more neutrons are needed to have a stable nucleus .
These are called stable isotopes .
Neutrons are electrically neutral , and they attract the protons more than the protons push against other protons .
Heavier isotopes react slower than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Atomic nuclei are protons and neutrons held together by the strong nuclear force .
So , we need neutrons for more than two protons to be in a nucleus .
This `` mass effect '' is large for protium -LRB- 1H -RRB- and deuterium -LRB- 2H -RRB- , because deuterium has twice the mass of protium .
For heavier elements , the relative mass difference between isotopes is much less , and the mass effect is usually small .
Different isotopes of the same element have the same atomic number . They have the same number of protons .
Sand dollars can be found in temperate and tropical zones , but not in Great Britain .
These pores are perforations in the endoskeleton through which the tube feet , used in gas exchange , project from the body .
Echinarachnius parma , the Common Sand Dollar , is widespread in the Northern Hemisphere , from the intertidal zone to considerable depths .
Like other sea urchins , sand dollars have five paired rows of pores . The pores are arranged in a petal-like pattern .
Its food consists of crustacean larvae , small copepods , diatoms , algae and detritus .
Many incorrect proofs have been proposed , including those by Cayley , Kempe , and others .
If any two nodes have an edge between them , then the graph is called the complete graph .
Graph theory is a field of mathematics about graphs .
Cayley linked his results on trees with the contemporary studies of chemical composition .
Then make a comment about how all trees are just subsets of graphs . It could also be proven that all connected graphs may be represented as a Tree .
Today , this is called Enumerative graph theory . It developed from Cayleys results , a scientific publication done by PÃ lya between 1935 and 1937 and the generalization of these by De Bruijn in 1959 .
The works of Ramsey on colorations and more specially the results obtained by TurÃ n in 1941 was at the origin of another branch of graph theory , extremal graph theory .
Euler 's formula was about the number of edges , vertices , and faces of a convex polyhedron was studied and generalized by Cauchy and L'Huillier , and is at the origin of topology .
A simpler proof considering only 633 configurations was given twenty years later by Robertson , Seymour , Sanders and Thomas .
One of the most famous and productive problems of graph theory is the four color problem : `` Is it true that any map drawn in the plane may have its regions colored with four colors , in such a way that any two regions having a common border have different colors ? ''
This article , as well as the one written by Vandermonde on the knight problem , carried on with the analysis situs initiated by Leibniz .
A proof produced in 1976 by Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken , which involved checking the properties of 1,936 configurations by computer , was not fully accepted at the time due to its complexity .
Another important factor of common development of graph theory and topology came from the use of the techniques of modern algebra .
The autonomous development of topology from 1860 and 1930 fertilized graph theory back through the works of Jordan , Kuratowski and Whitney .
The four color problem remained unsolved for more than a century .
This problem was first posed by Francis Guthrie in 1852 and its first written record is in a letter of De Morgan addressed to Hamilton the same year .
The first example of such a use comes from the work of the physicist Gustav Kirchhoff , who published in 1845 his Kirchhoff 's circuit laws for calculating the voltage and current in electric circuits .
Tait 's reformulation generated a new class of problems , the factorization problems , particularly studied by Petersen and KÅ ` nig .
The study and the generalization of this problem by Tait , Heawood , Ramsey and Hadwiger led to the study of the colorings of the graphs embedded on surfaces with arbitrary genus .
Sede do BankBoston is a skyscraper in SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil .
It is 145 meters -LRB- 476 feet -RRB- tall and has 35 floors . It was built in 2002 , and is modern skyscraper of Brazil and Latin America .
Altskeith is a village in Scotland . It is located in the Stirling council area .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is one of the European centres of fashion industry and has one of the most important trading shows .
In 1946 DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf became capitol of North Rhine-Westphalia .
in 1680 the Dukes of Berg-Kleve-Mark-J Ã 1\/4 lich died out and after some struggles the Earls of Palatine -LRB- they were Prince-Electors -RRB- became the new rulers of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is a German city . It lies on the east bank of the river Rhine .
So he could not do anything against DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf getting the status of a city .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is joined to the interstate motorways A3 , A44 , A46 , A52 , A57 , A59 and A524 .
The airport offers 180 destinations on 4 continents , and is served by 70 airlines .
In the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf grew a lot and had more than 100,000 inhabitants in 1882 . This number had doubled by 1892 .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is a German city .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is one of the cultural centres in Germany . The poet Heinrich Heine was born in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf in 1797 .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf has also a university of applied sciences , the Fachhochschule DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
The Counts of Berg became more and more powerful and DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf became the capital of the Duchy of Berg-Mark-Kleve-J Ã 1\/4 lich in 1380 .
More than 170 national financial institutions and 130 insurances work in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Two of the four leading mobile phone companies of Germany have their seat in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf like 18 internet providers and more than 400 advertising agencies . DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is one of the European centres of fashion industry and has one of the most important trading shows .
`` Kraftwerk '' , the first techno band worldwide and the punk rock band Die Toten Hosen come from DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , too .
Kaiserswerth became part of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf in 1927 .
In 1186 the Counts of Berg got to rule DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf and they made it their residence in 1280 .
Two of the four leading mobile phone companies of Germany have their seat in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf like 18 internet providers and more than 400 advertising agencies .
Most successful sports team in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is the icehockey team of the DEG Metro Stars , former DEG - DÃ 1\/4 sseldorfer Eislauf Gemeinschaft , the most successful icehockey team in Germany for a long time with famous players like John-Peter Lee , Chris Valentine or Helmut de Raaf .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is one of the most important commercial centres in Germany . It has an International Airport , which is the 3rd largest in Germany -LRB- after Frankfurt and Munich -RRB- with more than 16,000,000 passengers per year .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf is one of the European centres of fashion industry and has one of the most important trading shows . The TV channels CNN and NBC Giga have their German centres in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
In the 7th or 8th century there was a fishing or farming settlement at the place where the little river Dussel -LRB- which gave the name to the city -RRB- flows into the Rhine .
Tikhon Khrennikov became Secretary to the Union of Soviet Composers in 1948 , at the time when Stalin was dictator . He continued in this job until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
ITV2 is a 24 hour a day free-to-air entertainment television channel in the United Kingdom owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd , a part of ITV plc. .
It started on 7 December 1998 , and is available on digital television by satellite , cable , IPTV and terrestrial -LRB- Freeview -RRB- platforms .
Human rights abuse follows along similarly , also keeping in count the universal human rights . Human rights abuse happens when a person is hurt in a way that violates -LRB- goes against -RRB- his\/her human rights .
They are sometimes called Human Rights Organizations .
Human rights abuses are also often called human rights violations .
Human rights abuse happens when a person is hurt in a way that violates -LRB- goes against -RRB- his\/her human rights . Human rights abuses are also often called human rights violations .
Juliaetta is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Ø Ø Û Ù Ú Ù Ø Ø Û Ú , April 15 , 1898 - March 13 , 1968 -RRB- , commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar , was Prime Minister of Pakistan for about 2 months from October 17 , 1957 to December 16 , 1957 .
A policy dispute is where a policy has been created , but there are at least two different factions which disagree on what the policy is or how it works . If a policy is disputed , the two groups should discuss the policy on its discussion page to attempt to reach an agreement or compromise .
Wagenhausen is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The name cystic fibrosis refers to the scarring -LRB- fibrosis -RRB- and cyst formation in the pancreas , which was first recognized in the 1930s .
Breathing difficulties are the most common symptom and are a result of frequent lung infections . These are treated , though not always cured , by antibiotics and other medications .
CF is one of the most common fatal inherited diseases . It is most common among Caucasians and Ashkenazi Jews ; one in 25 people of European descent carry one gene for CF , making it the most common genetic disease among them .
Therefore , CF is considered an autonomic recessive disease .
Although most people without CF have two working copies of the CFTR gene , only one is needed to prevent cystic fibrosis .
A large number of symptoms include sinus infections , poor growth , diarrhea and infertility . This is a result from the effects of CF on other parts of the body .
CF is caused by a change in a gene called the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator -LRB- CFTR -RRB- .
CF develops when neither gene works normally .
This gene helps create sweat , digestive juices , and mucus .
Cystic Fibrosis -LRB- also known as CF -RRB- is a common inherited disease that affects the whole body , eventually causing disability and early death .
HÃ rma is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Real property is a type of property that includes land and buildings and infrastructure in land . It is one of two types of property that one can own , and the other is personal property .
It is one of two types of property that one can own , and the other is personal property .
Real property is a type of property that includes land and buildings and infrastructure in land .
Uddingston is a village in South Lanarkshire , Scotland , on the north side of the River Clyde , approximately seven miles to the south-east of Glasgow .
There are many islands in the group but the two biggest are East Falkland and West Falkland .
The Falkland Islands -LRB- or Islas Malvinas in Spanish -RRB- are a group of islands in the South Atlantic ocean , off the coast of South America .
This is approximately 7.21 -LRB- more than 72 quadrillion -RRB- .
When DES was approved as a federal standard in 1976 , a machine fast enough to test such amount of keys in a reasonable time would have cost an unreasonable amount of money to build .
In cryptography , the EFF DES cracker -LRB- nicknamed `` Deep Crack '' -RRB- is a machine built by the Electronic Frontier Foundation -LRB- EFF -RRB- to perform a brute force search of DES cipher 's key space â '' that is , to decrypt an encrypted message by trying every possible key .
The DES uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .
The aim in doing this was to prove that DES 's key is not long enough to be secure .
He has played for Japan national team .
Hisashi Kaneko -LRB- born 12 September 1959 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Beachwood is a city in Ohio . It is well known for its schools .
It is a moist broadleaf forest that covers seven million square kilometers -LRB- 1.7 billion acres -RRB- , of which five and a half million square kilometers -LRB- 1.4 billion acres -RRB- are covered by the rainforest .
Wet tropical forests are the most species-rich biome , and tropical forests in the Americas have more species African and Asian wet forests .
As the largest area of tropical rainforest in the Americas , Amazonian rainforests have more biodiversity than anywhere else in the Americas -LRB- which means that they have many different species -RRB- .
There are different types of formal and casual kimono . Kimonos are usually made of silk , but there are cotton and polyester kimonos as well .
Most people 's kimonos are not so expensive .
Some people work as `` kimono dressers '' .
One woman 's kimono can cost more than US$ 10,000 .
`` Kimono '' meant `` something you wear '' originally .
The obi -LRB- belts -RRB- are very expensive too . They can cost thousands of dollars .
They help people to put on their kimono .
Now , people only wear a kimono for special occasions such as formal ceremonies .
Nor does it correspond to the many other ways of defining a year -LRB- for which , see Year -RRB- .
In astronomy , a Julian year -LRB- symbol : a -RRB- is a unit of measurement of time defined as exactly 365.25 days of 86,400 SI seconds each , totalling 31,557,600 seconds .
Nevertheless , because a Julian year measures duration rather than designates date , the Julian year does not correspond to years in the Julian calendar or any other calendar .
That is the average length of the year in the Julian calendar used in Western societies in previous centuries , and for which the unit is named .
It is named after the Austrian physicist Ernst Mach .
Where v is your speed , and a is the speed of sound .
A Mach number is the a number that describes speed .
When writing a speed as a Mach number , the number comes after `` Mach . ''
A mebibyte -LRB- a contraction of mega binary byte -RRB- is a unit of information or computer storage , abbreviated MiB .
In telecomunication , a self-synchronizing code , or comma-free code is a line code that can be easily synchronized . Such line codes have the property that the code which is made of a part of the code word , or two overlapping code words is not a valid code .
This was settled outside court .
He was head coach in the 1984 Summer Olympics , and team manager in 1992 and 1996 .
He was the first Australian swimmer to participate at the Olympics as both an athlete and a coach .
Terrence William `` Terry '' Buck was an Australian swimmer and coach .
Police had begun private investigations into the matter in 1998 , but stopped the investigation in 2001 , saying that it did not have enough proof .
In 2003 , Greg Rogers filed a civil lawsuit against Buck . He claimed that Buck had sexually abused him from 1960 when Rogers was 11 and Buck was 16 .
Buck was also a surf lifesaver and a life member of the Clovelly Surf Club in New South Wales .
He represented Australia at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the 400m individual medley and placed eighth .
He also said that his younger brother , Neil , was sexually abused from when he was eight .
After Buck died , the Telegraph published an interview with an anonymous `` Olympic and Commonwealth medalist '' who said that he had been abused by Buck as a child .
He died in a tractor accident on his farm , leaving behind his wife Laraine and three daughters .
She said that she had `` trusted '' Rogers , who had been the godfather of their late daughter , Sarah , and that having `` looked at it from every angle , I can say with certainty in my they are lies . ''
In the United States and Canada , this time zone is often just called Mountain Time -LRB- MT -RRB- .
These include Sonora and all of Arizona that is not in the Navajo Nation .
The zone is one hour ahead of the Pacific Time Zone and one hour behind the Central Time Zone .
It is called Mountain Daylight Time -LRB- MDT -RRB- during daylight saving time -LRB- Summer -RRB- .
Most of the locations in Mountain Time Zone observe daylight saving time .
The United States Secretary of Transportation is the head of the United States Department of Transportation . The Secretary is a member of the President 's Cabinet .
PorchÃ res is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Macerata is a province in the region of Marche in Italy .
Nasi Lemak is a commonly found food in Brunei , Malaysia and Singapore .
NTSC , also known as National Television System Committee , is the analog television system in North America , South America , Burma , South Korea , Taiwan , Japan , Philippines , and some Pacific island nations and territories .
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the end of the printed magazine .
Smash Hits was a pop music based magazine . It was made for children and young teenagers .
It ran from 1978 to 2006 and was issued fortnightly for most of that time .
BrÃ nod is a commune .
The flywheel has been used since ancient times , the most common traditional example being the potter 's wheel .
In the Industrial Revolution , James Watt contributed to the development of the flywheel in the steam engine , and his contemporary James Pickard used a flywheel .
Unforgiven -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was the eleventh Unforgiven professional wrestling pay-per-view event by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- . It took place on September 7 , 2008 at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland , Ohio and used talent from the Raw , SmackDown !
Cardan , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the Aquitaine region in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The two countries had shared a monarch for about 100 years -LRB- since the Union of the Crowns in 1603 , when James VI of Scotland inherited the English throne from his cousin , Queen Elizabeth I -RRB- .
The Acts of Union were a pair of Parliamentary Acts passed in 1706 and 1707 by , respectively , the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland , to make effective the Treaty of Union which had been negotiated between the two countries .
The Acts joined the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland which had been separate states before , with separate legislatures but with the same monarch into a single Kingdom of Great Britain .
The platform is used to develop and run Java programs .
Java does this by making the Java compiler turn code into Java bytecode instead of machine code .
The Java platform refers to a group of software products from Sun Microsystems .
Small Java programs , called applets , usually run inside web browsers .
It was created by Sun Microsystems and released in 1995 .
This means that when the program is executed , the Java Virtual Machine interprets the bytecode and translates it into machine code .
Java does this by making the Java compiler turn code into Java bytecode instead of machine code . This means that when the program is executed , the Java Virtual Machine interprets the bytecode and translates it into machine code .
Java code looks a lot like C + + or C code . Unchanged C + + or C code will not work in Java , in most cases .
A Hello world program is usually a program made by computer programmers that are new to a programming language , or to test if the compiler for this language is working correctly . It will simply put the text Hello , World !
`` Hello , world ! ''
Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak -LRB- 5,887 m -RRB- in Naltar Valley , Pakistan .
Montracol is a commune .
Harelbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
The novel was written in the middle of the 18th century during the Qing Dynasty .
Redology is the study of the book .
While any form of energy may be conserved , electricity is the type most commonly referred to in connection with conservation .
Energy conservation is the act of using energy in a more efficient and effective manner .
Atlas Shrugged is a book by the Russian-American philosopher Ayn Rand , first published in 1957 in the United States .
She considered it to be a magnum opus of fictional writing .
While it is now something of a delicacy in North America , the grain is no longer eaten in China , where the plant 's stem is used as a vegetable .
The grain was historically gathered and eaten in both North America and China .
Wild rice -LRB- also called Canada rice , Indian rice , and water oats -RRB- is four species of grasses forming the genus Zizania , and the grain which can be harvested from them .
Paula Jane Radcliffe MBE -LRB- born December 17 , 1973 -RRB- is an English athlete with the world record in women 's marathon .
Susumu Oki -LRB- born 23 February 1976 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Ehime .
It is the largest settlement in the Howe o ' the Mearns area and houses the local secondary school ; Mearns Academy , which was awarded the Charter Mark in 2003 .
Laurencekirk is a small town in the ancient county of Kincardineshire , modern county of Aberdeenshire , Scotland , just off the A90 Dundee to Aberdeen main road .
The 2004 population is estimated at 3,596 .
Branchville is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Hellikon is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Lahti is a city in Finland .
The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
This is called `` self-imposed exile '' .
Ovidiu BurcÄ -LRB- born 16 March 1980 -RRB- is a Romanian football player .
The summary below contains the local bus routes in parts of Derbyshire , Cheshire and Greater Manchester .
If the service number is blue , click on it for the timetable .
Bowers Coaches is a bus operator in the United Kingdom .
Hugo Lafayette Black -LRB- February 27 , 1886 â `` September 25 , 1971 -RRB- was an American judge and politician .
Black was a strong supporter of Franklin D. Roosevelt for President . In 1936 , Roosevelt put Black on the United States Supreme Court .
In XHTML , using is not `` allowed '' . XHTML also should not be used together with the JavaScript command .
XHTML stands for Extensible Hypertext Transfer Markup Language .
XHTML is much more strict than ordinary HTML , and is based on both XML and HTML .
Hull is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Tomoji Eguchi -LRB- born 22 April 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
His San Luis result earned him direct entry to the World Chess Championship series of 2007 .
In 1992 , he tied for 1st with Ragim Gasimov in the USSR Junior Open Chess Championship .
In that tournament he scored 6.5 out of 14 , placing 5th out of eight players .
But in general I spend most of my spare time with my wife and kids , so my relative success in 2005 was a pleasant surprise '' .
He also finished tied for first with Vladimir Kramnik at Dortmund 2006 .
In an interview given for World Chess Network he said : `` I only prepared seriously for San Luis , and I think it has paid off .
In 2006 he came second behind Alexander Grischuk at the World Blitz Championship in Rishon Lezion , Israel , with 10.5 points out of 15 games .
He became a grandmaster in 1994 .
Peter Svidler learned to play chess when he was six years old .
Yosuke Nakata -LRB- born 15 September 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He has played for Grulla Morioka .
Bradley played junior hockey in the Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League for the Port Arthur West End Bruins from 1946 to 1949 , winning the playoff championship in 1948 and 1949 as well as the 1948 Memorial Cup .
He turned pro in 1949 and signed with the American Hockey League 's Hershey Bears , but was called up to play one game for the Boston Bruins , which turned out to be his only game in the National Hockey League .
He spent time in the United States Hockey League for the Tulsa Oilers and the Pacific Coast Hockey League with the Tacoma Rockets followed by a seven-year tenure in the Western Hockey League , beginning with the Rockets who only lasted one season .
`` The New York Times '' , CNN , and several other news groups said that Obama does not have a close friendship with Ayers .
Ayers wrote , in 2001 , that : Although the bomb that rocked the Pentagon was itsy-bitsy - weighing close to two pounds - it caused ` tens of thousands of dollars ' of damage .
That 's just not true .
She was fined $ 1,500 and given three years probation .
`` He was sweet and patient , as he always is , to let me come to my senses on my own '' , she later said of Ayers .
-LRB- Laughs -RRB- We have always been small ` c ' communists in the sense that we were never in the Communist party and never Stalinists .
Many comments were made by the media comparing the statements that Ayers was making about his past just as a terrorist incident shocked the public .
But that 's not the point at all .
Before the June 1969 SDS convention , Ayers became an important head of the group .
Some new reports have said that Ayers , Dohrn , or the Weatherman took part in the 1970 San Francisco Police Department bombing . However , neither Ayers , nor anyone else has ever been charged with this crime .
In 1970 , Weatherman members Ted Gold , Terry Robbins , and Diana Oughton were killed when a bomb they were building blew up . This was called the Greenwich Village town house explosion .
An FBI informant named Larry Grathwohl , who pretended to be a Weatherman in 1969 , said that `` Ayers , along with Bernardine Dohrn , probably had the most authority within the Weatherman '' .
In 1968 and 1969 , Ayers became well-known as a head of the SDS .
In 2001 , Ayers wrote Fugitive Days : A Memoir . He said Fugitive Days tried to answer the questions of Kathy Boudin 's son and his statement that Diana Oughton died trying to stop the Greenwich Village bomb makers .
Shortly after his arrest , he landed his first teaching job at the Children 's Community School . This small preschool was run from a local church basement .
I also like Henry David Thoreau , Mother Jones and Jane Addams -LRB- ... -RRB- '' In 1970 Ayers was called `` a national leader '' of the Weatherman organization and `` one of the chief theoreticians of the Weathermen '' by The New York Times .
Ayers received a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American studies in 1968 .
Our effectiveness can be â '' and still is being â '' debated .
Chicago Magazine said that `` just before the September 11 attacks '' , Richard Elrond , who was hurt in the `` Days of Rage '' , was given an apology from Ayers and Dohrn . ''
During the 2008 U.S. presidential election , a controversy started about Ayers ' contact with then-Senator Barack Obama . This had been well known in Chicago for years .
In an interview that Ayers gave in 1995 , he said of his political beliefs in the 1960s and 1970s : `` I am a radical , Leftist , small ` c ' communist ... -LRB- Laughs -RRB- Maybe I 'm the last communist who is willing to admit it .
Ayers made important changes to Weatherman beliefs about being militia . The group that Ayers headed in Detroit , Michigan became one of the first groups that would turn into the Weathermen .
The Weather Underground went on to take responsibility for placing several small bombs in empty offices ... We did carry out symbolic acts of extreme vandalism directed at monuments to war and racism , and the attacks on property , never on people , were meant to respect human life and convey outrage and determination to end the Vietnam war .
Would you do it again under similar circumstances ? ''
`` They said , ` We 're sorry that things turned out this way . ' ''
Ayers and Dohrn live in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago .
In 1997 Chicago awarded him its Citizen of the Year award for his work on the Chicago Annenberg Challenge project .
Larry Grathwohl , who was an FBI agent who joined the Underground , said that Ayers wanted to overthrow the United States government .
... I do n't think so .
A lot of the controversy about Ayers in the years since 2000 comes from an interview that he gave to The New York Times .
In this context , ` we ' means ` everyone . ' ''
In June 1969 , the Weathermen took over the SDS at its convention . Ayers was made Education Secretary .
On September 9 , 2008 , journalist Jake Tapper talked about the comic strip in Ayers ' blog , where he explained the soundbite : `` The one thing I do n't regret is opposing the war in Vietnam with every ounce of my being ... When I say , ` We did n't do enough , ' a lot of people rush to think , ` That must mean , `` We did n't bomb enough shit . '' '
Schools that were part of this movement had no grades or report cards .
The preschool was part of a larger movement across the United States called the `` free school movement '' .
It 's not a tactical statement , it 's an obvious political and ethical statement .
Ayers became part of the New Left and the Students for a Democratic Society -LRB- SDS -RRB- in the early 1960s .
Ayers was not facing charges at this time , but the federal government later brought charges against him .
Historian Jesse Lemisch -LRB- who was also a member of the SDS -RRB- said that Ayers ' memories were wrong .
He has also been on many panels and symposia .
`` The thing the most bone chilling thing Bill Ayers said to me was that after the revolution succeeded and the government was overthrown , they believed they would have to eliminate 25 million Americans who would not conform to the new order . ''
However , when asked if he ever made bombs , Ayers replied : `` I 'm just not going to talk about it . ''
There he also met Diana Oughton , who would be his girlfriend until her death in an explosion in 1970 .
Ayers , in the beginning of his book , says that it was written as his personal memories and was not a research project .
Ayers is married to Bernardine Dohrn . Dohrn was also part of the Weather Underground .
In June 1974 , the Underground released their 151 page work called `` Prairie Fire '' . `` Prairie Fire '' said that : `` We are a guerrilla organization -LRB- ... -RRB- We are communist women and men underground in the United States -LRB- ... -RRB- '' The Weatherman 's leaders , including Ayers , wanted radical changes to sexual relations and used the slogan `` Smash Monogamy '' .
He began working as a teacher at the Children 's Community School -LRB- CCS -RRB- . CCS was started by a group of students and based on the Summerhill way of teaching .
He said : `` I 've thought about this a lot .
They have two adult children and they share custody of Chesa Boudin . Boudin is the son of two former Underground members who were put in jail .
He was head of a smaller SDS group called the `` Jesse James Gang '' .
In an interview with ABC7 reporter Alan Wang , Ayers said that `` Now that 's being blown into dishonest narratives about hurting people , killing people , planning to kill people .
However , there were still state charges against Dohrn .
We destroyed government property , '' said Ayers .
-LRB- The statue was rebuilt and unveiled on May 4 , 1970 , and blown up again by other Weathermen on October 6 , 1970 .
`` Never said it .
Dohrn did not want to turn herself in to the police .
The ethics of communism still appeal to me .
After the election , Ayers said he did not have any close ties with Obama and condemned the Republicans for using `` guilt by association '' tactics .
In the following years , Ayers has said that what he meant by saying that he had `` no regrets '' and `` we did n't do enough '' he was talking about their efforts to stop the US from fighting in the Vietnam War . He said these efforts were '' ... inadequate -LRB- as -RRB- the war dragged on for a decade . ''
After teaching for only a few months , at the age of 21 , Ayers became the head of the school .
Ayers is a professor in the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago . He has the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar .
She finally turned herself in in 1980 .
The reporter quoted him as saying `` I do n't regret setting bombs '' and `` I feel we did n't do enough '' . When asked if he would `` do it all again , '' he said `` I do n't want to discount the possibility . ''
In 1965 , Ayers was part of a picket line . They were protesting at a restaurant in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Ayers has repeatedly said that the two statements did not mean that he wished they had set more bombs .
He is the son of Thomas G. Ayers . His father used to be Chairman and CEO of Commonwealth Edison .
After he left the underground , he earned an Masters in Education -LRB- M. Ed -RRB- from Bank Street College in Early Childhood Education -LRB- 1983 -RRB- -RRB- , an M. Ed from Teachers College , Columbia University in Early Childhood Education -LRB- 1987 -RRB- and an Ed .
The Weather Underground crossed lines of legality , of propriety and perhaps even of common sense .
And again , Larry Grathwohl , I do n't know him today , but certainly the FBI was an organization built on lies . ''
-LRB- T -RRB- hey were remorseful , '' Elrod says .
D from Teachers College , Columbia University in Curriculum and Instruction -LRB- 1987 -RRB- .
Because the FBI agents had broken the law , the government asked that all weapons and bomb charges be dropped against the Weather Underground . This included charges against Ayers .
William Charles `` Bill '' Ayers -LRB- b. 26 December 1944 -RRB- is an American elementary education theorist .
In 1973 , it was discovered that the FBI were focusing on the Weatherman as well as the New Left . This was part of several secret , and sometimes illegal FBI projects called COINTEL .
Ayers was also part of the Days of Rage riot that took place in Chicago in 1969 . He was also a part of the `` War Council '' meeting that happened in Flint , Michigan .
Ayers ' first arrest came when he took part in a sit-in at a local draft board . He sat in jail for ten days .
I think what we did was to respond to a situation that was unconscionable . ''
Their founding paper called for the creation of a `` white fighting force '' to fight with the `` Black Liberation Movement '' and other `` anti-colonial ' movements . to achieve `` the destruction of US imperialism and the achievement of a classless world : world communism . ''
Ayers questioned the interviewer 's way of describing him in a `` Letter to the Editor '' on September 15 2001 . In his letter , Ayers wrote : `` This is not a question of being misunderstood or ` taken out of context ' , but of deliberate distortion . ''
The Weather Underground is a group that call themselves a `` communist revolutionary group '' . They carried out bombings against public buildings during the 1960s and 1970s .
The operation cost under $ 500 , and no one was killed or even hurt .
Two big decisions came from the `` War Council '' .
Ayers gave a lot of interviews before his book was published . In these interviews he defended his history of radical words and actions .
I do n't like Lenin as much as the early Marx .
Some have questioned the truth , accuracy , and tone of the book .
While they were putting it back together , the city put a 24-hour guard around it to stop another attack . In January 1972 , it was moved to Chicago Police headquarters .
After being raised by the British press The ties between Ayers and Obama was written about by blogs and newspapers in the United States .
Chesa Boudin went on to win a Rhodes Scholarship .
The bomb blast broke almost 100 windows and blew parts of the statue onto a nearby street .
Ayers was asked in a 2004 interview , `` How do you feel about what you did ?
Ayers was part of the bombings of New York City Police Department headquarters in 1970 , the United States Capitol building in 1971 , and the Pentagon in 1972 .
The Weatherman started off as part of the Revolutionary Youth Movement -LRB- RYM -RRB- within the SDS . They split from the RYM 's Maoists saying they had no time to build another party .
Brent Staples wrote for The New York Times Book Review that `` Ayers reminds us often that he ca n't tell everything without endangering people involved in the story .
Ayers teaches at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Bill Ayers grew up in Glen Ellyn , Illinois .
During the 2008 U.S. Presidential election , a controversy was brought up over ties between Ayers and then Senator Barack Obama .
Being almost 60 , it 's impossible to not have lots and lots of regrets about lots and lots of things , but the question of did we do something that was horrendous , awful ?
Never thought it .
In an interview that he gave in January 2009 , Grathwohl said that :
They dedicated the book to almost 200 people , including Harriet Tubman , John Brown , ` All Who Continue to Fight ' , ` All Political Prisoners in the U.S. ' , and Sirhan Sirhan , who was convicted of killing Robert F. Kennedy .
Some of the articles were written before the September 11 attacks and appeared right after .
The issue was also talked about in a debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos . It later became an issue for John McCain 's campaign .
He went to public schools there until his second year of high school . After this he started going to Lake Forest Academy .
This template provides a convenient way to produce an external link to an episode of John Gilliland 's the Pop Chronicles music documentary .
They changed the name of the band to the Beastie Boys in 1981 .
Michael Diamond , better known as Mike D -LRB- born November 20 , 1965 -RRB- , is an American rapper . He is a member of the Beastie Boys , a hip hop band .
In 1992 , he founded his own record label , Grand Royal .
Diamond co-founded the band `` The Young Aborigines '' in 1979 .
Port-Brillet is a commune of 1 814 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
MadrÃ is a commune of 356 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Its fossils have been found in both England and in Arizona , in the United States .
It lived during the Early Jurassic period , during the Sinemurian to Hettangian stages around 194 to 208 million years ago .
Scelidosaurus -LRB- meaning `` limb lizard '' -RRB- was a genus of quadrupedal , lightly plated , herbivorous dinosaur about 4 metres long .
Page-dependent magic words will affect or return data about the current page , even if the word is added through a transcluded template or included system message .
Octavian 's fleet was commanded by Agrippa , while Antony 's fleet was supported by the ships of his lover , Queen Cleopatra of Egypt .
The battle took place on 2 September 31 BC , on the Ionian Sea near the Roman colony of Actium in Greece .
As Augustus , he would keep the trappings of a restored Republican leader . However , historians view this as the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire .
To that end , he adopted the title of Princeps -LRB- `` first citizen '' -RRB- . As a result of the victory he was awarded the title of Augustus by the Roman Senate .
It was fought between the forces of Octavian and the combined forces of Mark Antony and Cleopatra .
The Battle of Actium decided the final war of the Roman Republic .
Octavian 's victory enabled him to consolidate his power over Rome and its dominions .
German philosophy refers to philosophy written in German or by German philosophers . It started in the 17th century during the Age of Enlightenment , from Leibniz and Wolff through Kant , Schelling , Fichte , Hegel , Schopenhauer , Marx , Engels , and into the times of Nietzsche and Wittgenstein .
Joe Doe The Example Company 604-555-1234 http://example.com/
Here , the formatted name -LRB- fn -RRB- , organization -LRB- org -RRB- , telephone number -LRB- tel -RRB- and web address -LRB- url -RRB- have been identified using specific class names and the whole thing is wrapped in , which indicates that the other classes form an hCard -LRB- short for `` HTML vCard -RRB- '' -RRB- and are not merely coincidentally named .
Other , optional , hCard classes also exist .
It is now possible for software , such as browser plug-ins , to extract the information , and transfer it to other applications , such as an address book .
Hideki TÅ jÅ -LRB- 30 December , 1884 â `` 23 December , 1948 -RRB- was a leader of Japan during World War 2 .
TÅ jÅ had two other brothers that were older then him but they all died before he was born .
Hideki TÅ jÅ was born on 30 December 1884 in the KÅ jimachi district of Tokyo , Japan where he was the third son of a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army named Hidenori TÅ jÅ .
Hideki TÅ jÅ was born on 30 December 1884 in the KÅ jimachi district of Tokyo , Japan where he was the third son of a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army named Hidenori TÅ jÅ . TÅ jÅ had two other brothers that were older then him but they all died before he was born .
jpg thumb -LRB- 464x599 -RRB- px right Suze Orman -RRB- -RRB- Susan Lynn Orman , better known as Suze Orman , is an American financial advisor , author and television host .
jpg thumb -LRB- 464x599 -RRB- px right Suze Orman -RRB- -RRB- Susan Lynn Orman , better known as Suze Orman , is an American financial advisor , author and television host . She hosts The Suze Orman Show on CNBC .
She hosts The Suze Orman Show on CNBC . Orman has written seven New York Times best seller books .
There are also some other cards called `` Special Cards '' .
There are also some other cards called `` Special Cards '' . Skip , Reverse , Draw +2 , Wild , and Wild +4 cards allow you to do something you can not normally do , such as pick up two more cards .
The cards are put into 4 different groups : Red cards , green cards , blue cards and yellow cards .
The city grew in size quite a lot under Mughal general Shaista Khan .
The number of people in the city fell very much as the prominence of Kolkata rose , but development eventually followed .
The Mughal governor Islam Khan was the first administrator of the city .
The city then passed to the control of the British East India Company in 1765 after the Battle of Plassey .
Khan named the town `` Jahangir Nagar '' -LRB- City of Jahangir -RRB- in honor of the Mughal emperor Jahangir , although this name was dropped soon after Jahangir 's death .
Dhaka has a very old history , the city area of Dhaka was ruled by the Buddhist and Hindu kingdoms century .
During the rule of the Mughal the district was famous for its textile products - especially the Muslin .
After the Sena dynasty , Dhaka was ruled first by the Turkish and the Afghan governors from the Delhi Sultanate before the arrival of the Mughals in 1608 .
The Dhaka Cantonment was established near the city , serving as a base for British and Indian soldiers .
A modern civic water supply system was introduced in 1874 and electricity supply launched in 1878 .
The city then measured 19 by 13 kilometres -LRB- 12 by 8 mi -RRB- , with a population of nearly a million people .
Mitsuteru Watanabe -LRB- born 10 April 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Mimet is a commune of 4,400 people -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
AbÃ chÃ is a city in Chad . It is the capital city of the OuaddaÃ prefecture .
Cypress is a name used for many plants in the conifer family Cupressaceae -LRB- cypress family -RRB- .
During that period some US$ 13 billion in economic and technical assistance were given to help the recovery of the European countries that had joined in the Organization for European Economic Co-operation .
Ideas to extend it were stopped because of the cost of the Korean War and rearmament .
When he looked at West Germany 's economy from 1945 to 1951 , German analyst Werner Abelshauser decided that foreign aid was not needed to start the recovery or to keep it going .
U.S. Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections .
Belgium relied heavily on free market economic policies after its liberation in 1944 , and had the fastest recovery . It also did not have the severe housing and food shortages seen in the rest of continental Europe .
Cowen found that the economic recoveries of France , Italy , and Belgium , started before the Marshall Plan .
They played their first gig together under the name , `` The Peppernotes '' at a Caribbean Restaurant dressed as Peter Pan in drag .
They were soon signed to Virgin Records , with the deal being signed whilst they were on tour in Japan .
Since then they have changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse , Mika and The Thrills .
It is the seventh book in the Redwall series .
The Bellmaker is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1994 .
Mason City is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Breny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Michael Adams -LRB- born 17 November 1971 in Truro , Cornwall -RRB- is a British chess Grandmaster -LRB- 1989 -RRB- .
Adams won the British Chess Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen .
Making only rare appearances , he won -LRB- jointly -RRB- in 1997 , and won again in 2010 .
and he achieved a peak FIDE rating of 2755 .
His highest ranking was world # 4 , achieved several times from October 2000 to October 2002 .
He has achieved good results in World Chess Championship tournaments .
At the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 , he reached the final , narrowly losing out to Rustam Kasimdzhanov in the tie-break games .
In 1998 he was awarded the Kenneth Boulding Memorial Award for Outstanding Contributions in Ecological Economics . In 2000 he received an honorary doctorate in natural sciences from Stockholm University .
Costanza is co-founder and past-president of the International Society for Ecological Economics -LRB- ISEE -RRB- and was chief editor of the societyâ s journal Ecological Economics from its inception until 9\/02 .
Books , a selection :
In 1982 he was selected as a Kellogg National Fellow , in 1992 he was awarded the Society for Conservation Biology Distinguished Achievement Award and in 1993 he was selected as a Pew Scholar in Conservation and the Environment .
He serves on the editorial board of eight other international academic journals . He is president of the International Society for Ecosystem Health .
Before he moved to Vermont in August 2002 , he was director of the University of Maryland , College Park Institute for Ecological Economics , and a professor in the Center for Environmental Science , at Solomons , and in the Biology Department at College Park .
Costanza is the author or co-author 16 books .
and over 300 scientific papers .
This includes landscape level spatial simulation modeling ; analysis of energy and material flows through economic and ecological systems ; valuation of ecosystem services , biodiversity , and natural capital ; and analysis of dysfunctional incentive systems and ways to correct them .
; About Robert Costanza His work has been cited in more than 1700 scientific articles since 1987 -LRB- according to the Science Citation Index -RRB- and more than 80 interviews and reports on his work have appeared in various media , including Newsweek , US News and World Report , the Economist , the New York Times , Science , Nature , National Geographic , and National Public Radio .
Dr. Costanza 's research has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems .
He studied architecture and urban and regional planning from the University of Florida and got a Masters degree .
He received his Ph. D. from the University of Florida in 1979 in systems ecology , with a minor in economics .
Robert Costanza -LRB- born 14 September , 1950 -RRB- is an American ecological economist and the Gund Professor of Ecological economics and Director of the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont .
Hans JÃ rg Butt -LRB- born 28 May 1974 -RRB- , commonly known as JÃ rg Butt , is a German football player . He plays for FC Bayern Munich and Germany national team .
MisÃ rieux is a commune .
The Turn - und Sportverein Bayer 04 Leverkusen e. V. is a football club which plays in Germany .
He also hosted a TV show , Alfred Hitchcock Presents .
Wensleydale is the valley -LRB- dale -RRB- of the River Ure on the east side of the Pennines in North Yorkshire , England .
The village name ` Wensley ' comes from the words Woden 's ley , or meadow of the pagan god Woden .
It is famous for its cheese .
Wensleydale is in the Yorkshire Dales National Park . It is named after the small village of Wensley .
He is the presenter of 8 out of 10 Cats on Channel 4 and has presented other TV shows on the same channel .
Carr lives with his girlfriend , Karoline Copping , in North London .
Kiatisuk Senamuang -LRB- born 11 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Thai football player .
KrÄ slava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1923 .
Cephalopods usually move by jet propulsion -LRB- squirting water -RRB- . This uses a lot of energy to travel compared to the tail propulsion used by fish .
Bioluminescence may also be used to attract prey , and some species use colourful shows to get mates , amaze predators , or even signal to one another .
As well as blending with their background , some cephalopods bioluminesce , shining light downwards to hide their shadows from any attackers .
That in turn is used to transport the spermatophores to the female .
In species where the hectocotylus is missing , the penis is long and able to extend beyond the mantle cavity and transfers the spermatophores directly to the female .
The bioluminescence is made by bacterial symbionts ; the host cephalopod is able to find the light made by these animals .
Rapid color change is usually more common in near-shore species than those living in the open ocean . Those in open ocean mostly use camouflage to make their body outline less easy to see .
Like most molluscs , cephalopods use hemocyanin , a copper-containing protein , rather than hemoglobin to transport oxygen .
Devonian cephalopods bear more complex color patterns , whose function may be more complex .
The nervous system of cephalopods is the most complex of the invertebrates , and their brain to body mass ratio falls between that of warm and cold blooded vertebrates .
As a result , their blood is colourless when deoxygenated and turns blue when placed in air .
Most of the energy from their food is used for growing .
Evidence of original colouration has been found in cephalopod fossils as far back as the Silurian ; certain straight-shelled species had lines round their shell , which are thought to have used as camouflage of their body outline .
Cephalopods are the most intelligent invertebrates and have good senses and large brains .
Colouration can be changed in milliseconds as they adjust to their environment , and the pigment cells can expand or contract .
The giant nerve fibers of the cephalopod mantle have been a favorite experimental material for many years ; their large diameter makes them easier to study .
The penis in most male Coleoidea is a long and muscular end of the gonoduct -LRB- tube for sperms -RRB- used to transfer spermatophores -LRB- sperm packages -RRB- to a modified arm called a hectocotylus .
Squids and cuttlefish can move short distances in any direction by moving a flap of muscle around the mantle .
Some octopus species are also able to walk along the sea bed .
With a few exceptions , Coleoideans live short lives with fast growth .
JosÃ PerÃ cio -LRB- born 2 November , 1917 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
When they fall out , adult teeth grow in .
In mammals , the young have a set of primary teeth -LRB- milk teeth -RRB- that fall out after a few years .
Dentition is the development of teeth and where the teeth are in the mouth .
Almost all mammals have up to four different types of teeth : incisors , canines , premolars , and molars .
Animals that have milk teeth and adult teeth are called diphyodont .
A chief minister is the elected head of government of a sub-national -LRB- e.g. constituent federal -RRB- state , notably a state -LRB- and sometimes a union territory -RRB- of the Republic of India , a territory of Australia or a British overseas territory that has attained self-government .
The Glorious Revolution was an event in the history of England in 1688 .
The district has an area of 15,910 square kilometres and is headquartered at the city of Khairpur .
Maraye-en-Othe is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
In 1948 he moved to live with his family at Poughill , where he continued to live after Ivy 's death in 1963 .
In 1908 his family moved to Marhamchurch where Lucas lived until 1948 .
He was also the third-oldest man in the world .
Stanley Lucas -LRB- 15 January 1900 - 21 June 2010 -RRB- was a British supercentenarian . Lucas was the oldest living man in Europe at the time of his death .
Lucas was born at Morwenstow UK and had two brothers and two sisters .
Lucas married Ivy Nancekivell in 1926 and took over the family farm .
Lucas was a breeder of Devon cattle and Devon longwool sheep and started a dairy farm in the early 1940s .
James Vincent Forrestal -LRB- February 15 , 1892 -- May 22 , 1949 -RRB- was a United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense .
Besmont is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
EnsuÃ s-la-Redonne is a commune of 5,096 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
Sesame -LRB- Sesamum indicum -RRB- is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum .
BesenbÃ 1\/4 ren is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
FK Viktoria Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov is a football club in the Czech Republic . It was founded in 1903 in the city of Prague .
FK Viktoria Å 1\/2 iÅ 3\/4 kov is a football club in the Czech Republic .
The study of subcultures often involves the study of symbolism attached to clothing , music and other visible things by members of subcultures , and also the ways that these same symbols are seen and understood by members of the dominate culture .
The Hill of Howth Tramway , or just Howth Tram , operated from June 1901 to June 1959 and served Howth Head , near Dublin , Ireland .
The service was run by the Great Northern Railway -LRB- Ireland -RRB- -LRB- GNR -LRB- I -RRB- -RRB- , which viewed it as a way to bring more customers to its railway stations at Sutton and Howth .
This category has articles about albums released by Island Records .
Argyll and Bute is a council area of Scotland , UK .
Smyrna is a town of Rutherford County in the state of Tennessee in the United States .
In 2005 St. Lucie county had a population that was 69.2 % non-Hispanic white , 16.5 % African-American , 12.4 % Latino and 1.3 % Asian .
The racial makeup of the county was 79.14 % White , 15.42 % African American , 0.24 % Native American , 0.95 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 2.37 % from other races , and 1.82 % from two or more races .
The population density was 337 people per square mile -LRB- 130\/km Â -RRB- .
In the county the population was spread out with 22.60 % under the age of 18 , 6.60 % from 18 to 24 , 25.10 % from 25 to 44 , 23.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.70 % who were 65 years of age or older .
The per capita income for the county was $ 18,790 .
About 9.60 % of families and 13.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.50 % of those under age 18 and 7.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Brevard County had been named St. Lucie County from 1844 until 1855 when it was renamed Brevard County .
In 1925 , Indian River County was created out of the northern part of St Lucie County , while northern Martin County was created from a small part of southeastern St. Lucie County and the northern part of Palm Beach County .
23.50 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
3.3 % of the population identified themselves as being of non-Hispanic West Indian Ancestry .
The 2005 census estimate for the county was 241,305 .
Schools in the county are managed by St. Lucie County Public Schools .
The current St. Lucie County was created in 1905 from the southern part of Brevard County .
Much of western St Lucie County had gone in 1917 to form Okeechobee County .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,381 .
The county seat is the city of Fort Pierce .
86.6 % spoke English , 7.6 % Spanish , 1.6 % French Creole and 1.0 % French as their first language .
The median age was 42 years .
As of 2000 , the population was 192,695 .
St. Lucie County is part of the Port St. Lucie Metropolitan Statistical Area .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 192,695 people , 76,933 households , and 54,237 families living in the county .
The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.89 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 688.08 s , of which 572.45 s -LRB- or 83.20 % -RRB- is land and 115.63 s -LRB- or 16.80 % -RRB- is water , much of it in the Atlantic Ocean .
In 2000 there were 76,933 households out of which 26.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.30 % were married couples living together , 11.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.50 % were not related .
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.16 % of the population .
St. Lucie County is a county in the state of Florida .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.80 males .
There were 91,262 housing units at an average density of 159 per square mile -LRB- 62\/km Â -RRB- .
For every 100 females there were 95.50 males .
Males had a median income of $ 30,047 versus $ 22,684 for females .
After Dean died in 1955 , the project did not continue .
To tempt Danny , Maxie relies upon the seductive charms of his girlfriend Ronnie -LRB- Carolyn Jones -RRB- , while Danny 's true love Nellie -LRB- Dolores Hart -RRB- suffers on the sidelines .
With filming starting in January 1958 , Presley had to get special permission to delay his entry to the US Army , until after filming was complete .
Hal Wallis purchased the rights to A Stone For Danny Fisher so he could make a non-musical movie starring either James Dean or Ben Gazzara .
King Creole was the last movie Presley made during the 1950 's and is often said to be his best role .
After seeing an early copy of the movie Presley thanked Curtiz for giving him the chance to show people he could be an actor .
King Creole is an American movie directed by Michael Curtiz , released by Paramount Pictures on July 2 , 1958 .
These were all quick to make , low cost box-office hits . They had enough songs to sell soundtrack albums and entertain the thousands of Presley fans who were more eager to see him sing than act .
The film stars Elvis Presley , Carolyn Jones , and Walter Matthau .
In January 1957 , following the success of an Off-Broadway stage version of the story , Presley 's name was suggested as a possible replacement .
Always in trouble , Danny is saved from a jail term by New Orleans saloon-keeper Charlie Le Grand -LRB- Paul Stewart -RRB- , who gives the boy a job as a singer .
Soon a local gang boss , Maxie Fields -LRB- Walter Matthau -RRB- , a shadowy figure from Danny 's criminal past , puts pressure on the boy , insisting that Danny sing at his saloon .
Filming took place between January 20 and March 12 1958 .
It is Presley 's fourth movie -LRB- the third and last filmed in black & white -RRB- . It was based on the 1952 novel by Harold Robbins , A Stone for Danny Fisher .
Presley plays a teenager named Danny Fisher , who is forced to drop out of school to help support his father -LRB- Dean Jagger -RRB- .
However , despite success of the movie , he never got the chance to be taken as seriously as an actor again , with the exception of the westerns Charro !
Twelve days after the finishing King Creole , Presley joined the U.S. Army .
Michael Curtiz , a noted director during the golden era of the Hollywood studio system was hired for the project . His famous movies included The Adventures of Robin Hood in 1938 , Yankee Doodle Dandy in 1942 , and in the same year , Casablanca ,
The character of Fisher was changed from a boxer to a singer and the story was moved from New York to New Orleans .
King Creole was said to have been Presley 's favorite role of his entire career . He had high hopes of returning from the Army to pick up from where he had left off .
Pak Singhar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
The Union Council has a population of 43,473 .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located to the south-east of the capital .
The column-specific style attributes are included after -LRB- and thus override -RRB- the generic ones , which are included after the default styles and the border thickness specified by the parameter -LRB- s -RRB- .
; : Thickness of the borders around the boxes in pixels -LRB- default : 2 -RRB- .
; , , ... : Thickness of the borders around the boxes in a given column .
In addition , the template accepts the following named parameters :
This template takes genealogical data in the form of an ahnentafel and presents it as a graphical ancestry tree -LRB- realized as an HTML table -RRB- .
The entries in the ahnentafel are given as numbered parameters to the template , and may contain arbitrary wikimarkup .
Everglades City is a city of Florida in the United States .
It runs through the counties of North Yorkshire , West Yorkshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire , although most of it is in West Yorkshire .
Seraing is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
AntÃ nio Bento dos Santos -LRB- born 18 December 1971 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Through healing , cells are able to repair damaged tissue .
R.E.M. is an American rock band . It was formed in Athens , Georgia in 1980 .
R.E.M. released its first single , `` Radio Free Europe '' in 1981 .
Surques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Saint-L Ã ger is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
He penned two screenplays , Park Kwang-su 's To the Starry Island in 1993 and A Single Spark in 1995 .
Lee chang-dong graduated in 1980 with a degree in Korean Literature from Kyungpook National University in Daegu .
He served as the minister of Culture and Tourism in the South Korean Government from 2003 to 2004 .
Later in his career , to the surprise of many , he turned to movie making .
All of his films have received critical acclaim and awards , with Oasis , a story involving a mentally ill man and a woman with cerebral palsy , winning the prestigious Director 's Award at the 2003 Venice Film Festival .
Lee did not study film making before starting movie making .
After being encouraged by his contemporaries to finally step behind the directors chair , Lee made Green Fish , in 1997 .
In 2000 , Lee made Peppermint Candy , a story following a single man in reverse chonology through 20 years of South Korean history .
After a teaching Korean Language in high school using his major , he established himself as a renowned novelist .
Gloucestershire borders the county of Gwent in Wales , and in England the counties of Herefordshire , Worcestershire , Warwickshire , Oxfordshire , Wiltshire , Somerset and Bristol .
The county town is Gloucester , and other principal towns include Cheltenham , Stroud , Cirencester , and Tewkesbury .
This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Gloucestershire at current basic prices published -LRB- pp.240-253 -RRB- by Office for National Statistics with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling .
The county includes part of the Cotswold Hills , part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn , and the entire Forest of Dean .
The Stearman is particularly associated with stunt flying with wing-walkers .
Famous biplanes include the Polikarpov Po-2 , Sopwith Camel , Avro Tutor , Antonov An-2 , Beechcraft Staggerwing , Boeing Stearman , Bristol Bulldog , Curtiss JN-4 , de Havilland Tiger Moth , Fairey Swordfish , Hawker Hart , Pitts Special and the Wright Flyer .
Famous sesquiplanes include the Nieuport 17 and Albatros D. III .
Sherrill is a city of Iowa in the United States .
This morality is by no means self-evident ... By breaking one main concept out of Christianity , the faith in God , one breaks the whole : nothing necessary remains in one 's hands '' .
This is why in `` The Madman '' , the passage quoted above mainly addresses nontheists -LRB- especially atheists -RRB- . Their problem -LRB- according to Nietzsche -RRB- is to retain any system of values without a divine order .
`` When one gives up the Christian faith , one pulls the right to Christian morality out from under one 's feet .
It is also found in Nietzsche 's classic work Thus Spoke Zarathustra -LRB- Deutsch : Also sprach Zarathustra -RRB- , which is most responsible for popularizing the phrase .
The pure -LRB- man-made -RRB- form of the flavoring is known as vanillin . The main species harvested for vanilla is called Vanilla planifolia .
The main species harvested for vanilla is called Vanilla planifolia .
AntÃ nio Benedito da Silva -LRB- born 23 March 1965 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Schalkau is in the district of Sonneberg , in Thuringia , Germany .
It is situated 13 km west of Sonneberg , and 15 km north of Coburg .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
In another usage , ganglion cells are found in the retina of the vertebrate eye .
In anatomy , a ganglion -LRB- plural ganglia -RRB- is a biological tissue mass , part of the nervous system . It is a mass of nerve cell bodies .
The University is named after the Wright brothers .
The current president of the university is David R. Hopkins , P.E.D. .
The university has about 19,793 students .
Wright State University is a public university in Dayton , Ohio .
The line was extended the following year to a new London terminus at Shoreditch -LRB- later renamed Bishopsgate -RRB- and the line was subsequently extended to cover the 51 miles between London and Colchester .
The Eastern Counties Railway -LRB- ECR -RRB- was an English railway company which began operating on 20 June 1839 . It ran a train service from a temporary terminus at Mile End to Romford .
Bourke is a town and Local Government Area -LRB- see Bourke Shire Council -RRB- in the north of New South Wales , Australia .
He played 502 career NHL games , scoring 185 goals and 159 assists for 344 points .
The next season , Stewart won the 1943 Calder Trophy , beating out Maurice ` The Rocket ' Richard of the Montreal Canadiens .
Stewart died on November 18 , 2010 , in a hospital in Burlington , Ontario , at the age of 87 .
In all , Gaye Stewart played for five of the NHL 's Original Six teams , all except the Boston Bruins .
He played nine seasons as a left winger in the National Hockey League .
Born in Fort William , Ontario , Stewart was promoted from the minors in 1942 to play in one game of the Stanley Cup Finals , where he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the championship .
James Gaye Stewart -LRB- June 28 , 1923 - November 18 , 2010 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey forward .
Stewart won his second Stanley Cup , again with the Maple Leafs , in 1947 .
Toronto traded Stewart to Chicago early in the 1947-48 season in a deal that brought Max Bentley to the Leafs , and he had three 20-goal seasons for the Black Hawks before finishing his career with stints in Detroit , New York and Montreal .
Danny Grant , Tony Esposito and Ken Dryden have accomplished it as well since then .
He became the first player to win the Stanley Cup before the Calder .
After spending two years in the Royal Canadian Navy during World War II , Stewart returned to the NHL in 1945 and had his best season , leading the league with 37 goals - the last time a Leaf led the League in scoring .
A soul patch is a style of facial hair in which hair is only found below the lower lip and above the chin .
Palak is the largest Union Council of the Circle Bakote area , in 2000 Malkot which used to be a Union Council was joined into Palak .
Palak is located in the South eastern edge of Abbottabad District and is next to Punjab province and Kashmir , it is also next to the following Union Councils of Abbottabad District , Seer Gharbi to the west , Nathiagali to the North and Malkot to the north west .
Arwar , Darwaza , Kala Bon , Longal , Malkot , Palak , Riala -LRB- Riyala -RRB- and Soorjal -LRB- Surajaal -RRB- .
Palak is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The total population of the Palak is almost 5,000 , the main tribes of Palak are the Dhond Abbasi , Gujjars and Sattis .
Palak is the gateway into Abbottabad District .
Nesles is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
While his aunt and uncle were having a party to celebrate the marriage of their son , Mila took his revenge by summoning a great hail storm to demolish their house , which killed 35 people .
Milarepa was a student of Marpa and the teacher of Gampopa .
Milarepa was botn born in the village of Kya Ngatsa in the Gungthang province of western Tibet to a family of farmers . He was named Mila ThÃ paga , which means `` Mila , a joy to hear . ''
At his mother 's urging , Milarepa left home and studied magic so that he could take revenge on his uncle and aunt .
The villagers were angry and set off to look for Milarepa , but his mother got word to him and he sent anther hailstorm to destroy their crops .
When his father died , Milarepa 's uncle and aunt took all of the family 's wealth and property and mistreated Milarepa , his mother and sister .
The Walkers Stadium is a football stadium in Leicester , England , where Leicester City Football Club play their home football matches .
The town 's growth was because it was the administrative and commercial center of German East Africa . It was also helped by the growth of industry caused by the Central Railway Line in the early 1900s .
This has not yet been completed , and Dar es Salaam is still Tanzania 's primary city .
It is also the capital of the Dar es Salaam Region .
This is because it is very near the equator and the warm Indian Ocean . The city usually has hot and humid weather during much of the year .
After World War II , Dar es Salaam had a period of rapid growth .
Each year the area has two rainy seasons . These are called ` the long rains ' -LRB- in April and May -RRB- and ` the short rains ' -LRB- in October and November -RRB- .
Dar es Salaam had much growth starting in 1887 , when the German East Africa Company created a station there .
In 1866 Sultan Seyyid Majid of Zanzibar gave it its current name .
The metropolitan area population is expected to reach 5.12 million people by 2020 .
Tanganyika became independent from colonial rule in December 1961 .
German East Africa was captured by the British during World War I and its name was changed to Tanganyika .
However , in 1973 , it was decided to move the capital to Dodoma .
Dar es Salaam was still the territory 's administrative and commercial center .
Dar es Salaam continued to be its capital .
Dar es Salaam continued to be its capital . It remained the capital when in 1964 Tanganyika and Zanzibar merged to form Tanzania .
The population of Dar es Salaam is increasing at a rate of 4.39 % each year . It is the 3rd fastest growing city in Africa and the 9th fastest in the world .
Augy is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Adobe Acrobat is a family of software made by Adobe Systems . Software in the family can read and display Portable Document Format -LRB- PDF -RRB- files .
Adobe Acrobat is a family of software made by Adobe Systems .
Another large museum of Egyptian antiquities is Egyptian Museum of Turin , which is the only museum other than the Cairo Museum that is dedicated solely to Egyptian art and culture .
Estry is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Wyoming is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Betschwanden is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Dmitri Radchenko -LRB- born 2 December 1970 -RRB- is a former Russian football player .
Carbon fixation is a process by which gaseous carbon dioxide is converted into a solid compound .
Kohei Usui -LRB- born 16 July 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Shonan Bellmare .
Two other popular anthems I sat down under his shadow and Let all mortal flesh keep silence , both of which are for unaccompanied choir .
Most of Bairstow 's compositions are for church services .
He wrote 29 anthems . It includes the famous Blessed city , heavenly Salem It has a very dramatic organ accompaniment .
Sir Edward Bairstow -LRB- born Huddersfield , 22 August 1874 ; died York 1 May 1946 -RRB- was an English composer and organist .
He also composed service settings , psalm chants , hymn tunes , and a cantata , The Prodigal Son , for choir and chamber orchestra .
He studied organ and theory at the University of Durham .
Bairstow learned the organ at Balliol College , Oxford , and while articled under Frederick Bridge of Westminster Abbey he was taught by Walter Alcock .
His mother , Katherine Paterson , used this real-life experience to write her children 's novel Bridge to Terabithia .
Paterson held a special advance screening of Bridge to Terabithia on February 1 , 2007 , for members of the CUA community at the AFI Silver Theatre in Silver Spring , Maryland .
He graduated from The Catholic University of America in 1989 with a BA .
When Paterson was a boy , his best friend , an eight-year-old girl named Lisa Hill , was struck by lightning and killed .
David Lord Paterson -LRB- born 1966 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , actor and producer .
David Paterson produced and co-wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation of the novel released in 2007 .
Puzzles , such as wordsearches , crosswords and Sudoku grids , are printed in newspapers and magazines , but puzzles can be with objects or even on a computer screen .
The Andromeda Galaxy is the nearest big galaxy to the Milky Way , which is the galaxy Earth is in .
The Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way are thus expected to collide in perhaps 4.5 billion years .
The Andromeda Galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about 100 to 140 kilometres per second -LRB- 62 to 87 mi\/s -RRB- , so it is one of the few blue-shifted galaxies .
Such events are frequent among the galaxies in galaxy groups .
The Andromeda Galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about 100 to 140 kilometres per second -LRB- 62 to 87 mi\/s -RRB- , so it is one of the few blue-shifted galaxies . The Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way are thus expected to collide in perhaps 4.5 billion years .
A likely outcome of the collision is that the galaxies will merge to form a giant elliptical galaxy .
January 24 is National Peanut Butter Day .
Peanut butter was invented by George Washington Carver in the late 1890s .
Peanut butter is a type of moist paste that is made of crushed roasted peanuts . There are two kinds of peanut butter : crunchy\/chunky peanut butter and smooth\/creamy peanut butter .
It can be eaten , for example on bread , usually with jelly to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
There are two kinds of peanut butter : crunchy\/chunky peanut butter and smooth\/creamy peanut butter .
Peanut butter is a type of moist paste that is made of crushed roasted peanuts .
Montbrehain is a commune . It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France .
RuillÃ - le-Gravelais is a commune of 619 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Saint-Martin-du-Puy is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
From this example , it is clear that a set is a subset of itself . In cases where one wishes to not to have this , the term proper subset is meant not to have this possibility .
If all the members of set are also members of set , then is a subset of , marking .
For example , is a subset of , but is not .
Set theory is the study of sets in mathematics . Sets are collections of objects .
A binary relation between two sets is the subset relation , also called set inclusion .
Agrigento -LRB- Girgenti in Sicilian -RRB- is a city in the region of Sicily in southern Italy . It is also the capital of the Province of Agrigento .
The current term today in England is `` pub '' which comes from public house . However , taverns remain a popular part of fantasy stories and games .
Spruce are trees in the genus Picea .
GÃ nÃ rac , Gironde is a commune .
Perugia is a province in the region of Umbria in Italy .
Diepenbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Tierceville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Rocky Mountains -LRB- often abbreviated to Rockies -RRB- are a range of mountains in the western United States and Canada .
They stretch northernmost part of British Columbia , in western Canada , to New Mexico , in the southwestern United States .
Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux is a commune of 670 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Spartaco Landini -LRB- born 31 January , 1944 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
In 1997 Ignacio Ramonet , editor of Le Monde Diplomatique , started the debate around the Tobin tax again with an editorial titled `` Disarming the markets '' .
According to the legislation , Belgium will introduce the Tobin tax once all countries of the eurozone introduce a similar law .
On June 15 , 2004 , the Commission of Finance and Budget in the Belgian Federal Parliament approved a bill implementing the Spahn tax -LRB- a version of the Tobin tax proposed by Paul-Bernd Spahn -RRB- .
However , there have been initiatives of national dimension about the tax .
Ramonet proposed to create an association for the introduction of this tax , which was named ATTAC -LRB- Association for the Taxation of financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens -RRB- .
A Tobin tax is a tax on all trade of currency across borders .
It has been proposed that having the United Nations manage a Tobin tax would solve this problem and would give the U.N. a large source of funding independent from donations by participating states .
Tobin suggested a new system for international currency stability , and proposed that such a system include a charge on foreign-exchange transactions .
On August 15 , 1971 , Richard Nixon told that it would no longer be possible to change the US dollar to gold , so ended the Bretton Woods system .
Since one country acting alone would find it very difficult to introduce this tax , many argue it would be best done by an international institution .
The tax has then become an issue of the antiglobalization movement and a matter of discussion not only behind academic institutions but even in the streets and in parliaments around the world , such as the UK and France .
Jenny also has a second child Connor and quits her job to become a stay-at-home mom and John take the daily column at work to increase their paycheck .
After having writer 's block , John notices the misadventures of Marley and thought that it might be the perfect topic for his first piece .
Jenny is experiencing all the signs of postpartum depression though she denies it and grows impatient of Marley and John and thinks they should give Marley away while John asks Sebastian to take care of him but Jenny realizes that Marley has become a indispensable part of the family and decides that he can stay .
Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it .
With the crime rate near their home , John and Jenny move to a house in a safer neighborhood in Boca Raton .
The movie opened in theaters on December 25 , 2008 and set a record for the largest Christmas Day box office open ever with $ 14.75 million in ticket sales .
Sebastian takes a job in New York for The New York Times and moves .
Editor Arnie Klein -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- offers John a twice-weekly column in which he can discuss things that are fun and not fun about everyday living .
Arnie agrees , and John settles into his new position .
A couple years later Jenny has a third child a daughter , Colleen .
They go shopping for puppies and come across a litter of newborn yellow Labrador Retrievers , They decide to chose Marley and Marley immediately becomes a handful so they take him to dog trainer Ms. Kornblut -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- and when Marley does n't listen to her commands she expels him from her dog class .
Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab , Beas joins Sutlej , and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad near Uch Sharif .
Panjnad River is formed by successive confluence of the five rivers of Punjab , namely Jhelum , Chenab , Ravi , Beas and Sutlej .
A dam on Panjnad has been erected ; it provides irrigation channels for Punjab and Sind provinces south of the Sutlej and east of the Indus rivers .
Panjnad River -LRB- Urdu : Ù 3\/4 Ù Ø Ù Ø -RRB- -LRB- Sanskrit : panj = five , nadi = river -RRB- is a river in Punjab , Pakistan .
Beyond the confluence of Indus and Panjnad rivers , the Indus river was known as Satnad -LRB- Sat = seven -RRB- carrying the waters of seven rivers including Indus river , which is believed to be in ealrlier times the Saraswati River\/Ghaggar-Hakra River river which eventually dried and became a seasonal river due to seismic shifts in the glacial region of Himachal Pradesh where it originated and later on Kabul river and the five rivers of Punjab .
The combined stream runs southwest for approximately 45 miles and joins Indus River at Mithankot .
The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea .
Johanna Spyri -LRB- 12 June 1827 â `` 7 July 1901 -RRB- wrote stories for children in the German language . Her most famous book was Heidi .
Junya Yamashiro -LRB- born 19 June 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
In winter , there are many ski resorts .
Gunma is a prefecture of Japan .
Its capital city is Maebashi .
7,521 people were living in Pawling as of 2000 .
Pawling is a town of Dutchess County in the state of New York in the United States .
Rhythm Tengoku received an Excellence Prize for Entertainment at the 10th annual Japan Media Arts Festival in 2006 .
Nintendo released a sequel to Rhythm Tengoku called Rhythm Tengoku Gold on July 31 , 2008 for the Nintendo DS . It 's made by the same people who made this game .
At the end of the level , the player is awarded one of three ranks - High Level , Mediocre , and Redo .
It was made by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance hand-held game console , and was later released in arcades .
Kenta Hoshihara -LRB- born 1 May 1988 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Gamba Osaka .
There are four species of musk deer , but they are all very similar . Musk deer are more primitive than true deer .
Cousins played basketball at the University of Kentucky with the Wildcats .
DeMarcus Cousins -LRB- born August 13 , 1990 in Mobile , Alabama -RRB- is a professional basketball player . He plays for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
It is surrounded by Algeria and Libya to the north , Chad to the east , Nigeria and Benin to the south , and Burkina Faso and Mali to the west .
Niger is a country in western Africa .
Seillonnaz is a commune .
Chesham is a town and civil parish in Buckinghamshire , England .
The Utman Khel or Utmankhel -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù Ø Û Ù -RRB- are a Pashtun tribe who live in the hills to the north of Peshawar in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
They claim to be descendants of Baba Utman Shamraiz , who accompanied Mahmud of Ghazni in his expedition into India in 997 .
Their land is very hilly and difficult , but has well cultivated in terraces .
The British conducted military campaigns against them in 1852 , 1878 , and 1898 .
The Utman Khel are a tall , stout and fair race , but their dress and general customs have been assimilated by the neighbouring peoples of Bajour .
Their land lies between the Mohmands and the Ranizais of Swat , to the west and south-west of the junction of the Swat and Panjkora rivers .
Cyprus national football team is the national football team of Cyprus .
Muslims believe in other prophets other than those mentioned by name in the Qur ` an as there are many verses in the Qur ` an which speak about it .
Prophets of Islam are male human beings who are regarded by Muslims to be prophets chosen by God . All prophets preached the same message .
John Hartson -LRB- born 5 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Welsh football player .
You have new messages at .
You may -LRB- remove this notice -RRB- at any time by removing the template .
Richard George Adams -LRB- born May 9 , 1920 -RRB- is an author who is best known as the writer of three novels with animals as characters .
Yoshikazu Nonomura -LRB- born 8 May 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo OBE -LRB- born 5 October 1943 -RRB- is a British writer .
Ostel is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
However , this season was the first Pacific hurricane season since 1977 to have no systems become major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
The season saw 16 tropical storms form , which is about average .
The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an strangely big number of tropical cyclones affect Mexico .
The season officially started on May 15 , 2003 in the eastern Pacific , and on June 1 , 2003 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 , 2003 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean .
The biggest cyclones in 2003 were Hurricanes Ignacio -LRB- which killed 2 people in Mexico -RRB- and Marty -LRB- which killed 12 people in Mexico -RRB- . Those hurricanes were responsible for nearly $ 1 billion -LRB- 2003 USD -RRB- in damage .
Three other Pacific storms and three Atlantic storms also affected Mexico .
Hurricane Jimena passed just to the south of Hawaii . Hurricane Jimena was the first storm to go near Hawaii for several years .
Jan Schlaudraff -LRB- born 18 July 1983 -RRB- is a German football player . He plays for Hannover .
Till the World Ends is a 2011 single by Britney Spears .
The song is second from her seventh studio album Femme Fatale .
The song is second from her seventh studio album Femme Fatale . The song was released on March 11 , 2011 .
Jordanhill railway station is in a suburb of Glasgow , Scotland .
Hometown is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Ghindeni is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
PubMed Central is a free database of scientific literature in biomedical and life sciences .
Some publishers , though , do not show their articles for some time after they publish them on paper -LRB- usually about six months -RRB- .
It grew from the online Entrez PubMed biomedical literature search system .
PubMed Central was developed by the U.S. National Library of Medicine -LRB- NLM -RRB- as an online archive of biomedical journal articles .
All the words in the PubMed Central articles can be read freely .
Its purpose is to give recognition and support to younger mathematical researchers who have made major contributions .
The Canadian mathematician John Charles Fields was the first to propose this medal and it was first awarded in 1936 . It has been regularly awarded since 1950 .
During the rule of NapolÃ on Bonaparte at the beginning of the 19th century , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren belonged to the first French Empire , until it was freed by Prussian and Russian troops in 1815 .
After the end of World War II the city IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren and the municipality IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren Land formed by December 31 , 1974 the department federation IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , resulting in today 's city of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren .
Although IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren is already much older and a document of the year 1348 already occupies the establishment of a church in the year 799 , the year 1146 is officially considered as the year of the foundation of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren .
It is on position 185 of the biggest cities in Germany and the biggrst city in Tecklenburger Land .
On February 1 , 1724 IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren attained municipal rights , which stood among other things in connection with the introduction excise duty .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren is said in documentary evidence for the first time in 1146 , when the bishop of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck at that time , Philipp of Katzenelnbogen , donated a tenth of his possessions in IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren to the Getrudenkloster of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .
During this time the castle of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was built by the noble gentlemen of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren starting from 1150 .
In this transition of the High Middle Ages to the Late Middle Ages the noble gentlemen of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , that is the abbot of Herford and the counts of Tecklenburg , possessed basic rule in the place .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren -LRB- Ibbenbueren -RRB- is on the IbbenbÃ 1\/4 rener Aa river , at the northwest end of the Teutoburger forest and rather exactly in the center of the two cities Rheine in the west and OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck in the east , both about 20 km away .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was assigned to the office Lingen .
To this time IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren belonged to the Diocese of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck .
Karl donated it to his sister Mary of Habsburg , governor of the Netherlands .
Last remainder of this castle are the remnants of the heath tower in the proximity of the Aasee .
IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren or Ibbenbueren is a medium-sized town in the district of Steinfurt , in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Into this period also the falls the beginning of coal mining .
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century .
By succession it came under Prussian rule in 1702 .
In the year 1743 the first magistrate and mayor appointed .
Coats of arms has a golden anchor on blue reason .
After the noble gentleman of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren died out , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren came under the exclusive rule of the counts of Tecklenburg .
City colors are blue and gold .
Such is in addition , in the coats of arms of some close places .
With the simultaneous dissolution of the district of Tecklenburg and fusion with the old district of Burgsteinfurt , IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren was assigned to the new district of Steinfurt .
It came back under Prussian rule on January 1 , 1816 , resulting to be assigned to the district of Tecklenburg .
After IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren repeatedly fell under control of the Netherlands and Spain in the Dutch Revolt , it was assigned to the House of Orange-Nassau after the Peace of Westphalia in 1648 .
In the years 1219 and\/or 1234 it appears as church village .
This rule lasted until the end of the 15th or beginning of the 16th century , when IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren finally fell into possession Charles ' V. in 1548 by awkward and luckless tactics used by the counts of Tecklenburg .
The origin of the anchor is not free of doubts clarified yet .
This scandal was known as the Dreyfus affair .
Jane Seymour OBE -LRB- born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg on February 15 1951 -RRB- is an English actress , maybe most famous today as the co-star of the James Bond movie Live and Let Die and star of the TV series and movie Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman .
Ummerstadt is a German city in the south of Thuringia .
In some cases , ideas from the 1907 Hague Conventions were added . Usually , people refer to all four conventions as the `` Geneva Conventions of 1949 '' or simply the `` Geneva Conventions '' .
Clara Barton was important in campaigning for the agreement of the First Geneva Convention by the United States ; the U.S. signed in 1882 .
Usually , people refer to all four conventions as the `` Geneva Conventions of 1949 '' or simply the `` Geneva Conventions '' .
The White House is the home and main workplace of the President of the United States .
The property is owned by the National Park Service and is part of the President 's Park .
Construction continued with the addition of the South Portico in 1824 and the North in 1829 .
Eight years later , President William Howard Taft expanded the West Wing and created the first Oval Office . This was eventually moved as the section was expanded .
Under Harry S. Truman , the interior rooms were completely taken apart and a new internal load-bearing steel frame was built inside the walls .
In 2007 , it was ranked second on the American Institute of Architects list of `` America 's Favorite Architecture . ''
Once this work was done , the interior rooms were rebuilt .
A newly built East Wing was used as a reception area for social events . Jefferson 's colonnades connected the new wings .
Reconstruction began almost immediately . President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817 .
The term White House is regularly used as a metonym for the Executive Office of the President of the United States and for the president 's administration and advisers in general .
By 1948 , the house 's load-bearing exterior walls and internal wood beams were found to be close to failure .
Because of crowding within the executive mansion itself , President Theodore Roosevelt had all work offices moved to the newly constructed West Wing in 1901 .
When Thomas Jefferson moved into the house in 1801 , he -LRB- with architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe -RRB- expanded the building outward . They made two colonnades that were meant to hide stables and storage .
East Wing changes were completed in 1946 .
The third-floor attic was changed into living quarters in 1927 .
The White House is made up of six storiesâ '' the Ground Floor , State Floor , Second Floor , and Third Floor , as well as a two-story basement .
It has been the home of every U.S. President since John Adams .
It is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington , D.C. . The building was built between 1792 and 1800 of white-painted Aquia sandstone in the Neoclassical style .
In 1814 , during the War of 1812 , the mansion was set on fire by the British Army in the Burning of Washington .
Today , the White House Complex includes the Executive Residence , West Wing , Cabinet Room , Roosevelt Room , East Wing , and the Old Executive Office Building , which houses the executive offices of the President and Vice President .
Voharies is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Suhr is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Hagaste is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Vjekoslav Å krinjar -LRB- born 2 June 1969 -RRB- is a former Croatian football player .
In September 2010 , The Sunday Times selected King 's as its `` University of the Year '' .
King 's is ranked 63rd in the world -LRB- and 16th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 21st in the world -LRB- and 6th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings , and 77th in the world -LRB- and 15th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 The Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
King 's College London -LRB- ` King 's ' or ` KCL ' -RRB- is a public research university in London , and a college of the federal University of London .
King 's has around 18,600 full-time students and 5,030 staff and had a total income of Â # 508 million in 2009\/10 , of which Â # 144 million was from research grants and contracts .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
King 's is one of the largest centres for graduate and post-graduate medical teaching and biomedical research in Europe . It is home to six Medical Research Council centres , the most of any British university .
King 's is a member of the European University Association and the Russell Group .
In 1836 King 's became one of the two founding colleges of the University of London .
There are 10 Nobel Prize winners amongst King 's alumni and current and former faculty .
A fracture is when some kind of material is split into multiple pieces , because stress is applied to it .
Interstate 79 is an Interstate Highway in the United States . It goes from Charleston , West Virginia north to Erie , Pennsylvania .
It may include the handing out of forged documents , manuscripts , and photographs , or propagation of malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence .
It is bordered by the Meghalaya State of India on the north , Tripura State on the south , Assam State of India on the east and Dhaka and Chittagong divisions on the west .
Sylhet Division is the Northeastern division of Bangladesh , named after its main city , Sylhet .
Vancouver , Washington is a United States city , just north of the Columbia River in the state of Washington . It is directly north of Portland , Oregon and 305 m south of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Because it is in a valley between the Pacific Coast and Cascade mountains , there are clouds in winter . When it is clear one can see Mount Hood , the Mount Saint Helens volcano and Mount Adams from Vancouver .
Vancouver is just north of the Columbia River and west of the volcanic Cascade Range mountains and the Columbia gorge .
Both cities were named for George Vancouver , a British explorer and sea captain . Vancouver , Washington , includes the old Fort Vancouver , begun by the British Hudson 's Bay Company in 1824 .
Vancouver is located at 45 Â 38 â 1 â North , 122 Â 36 â 11 â West -LRB- 45.633743 , â ' 122.603011 -RRB- .
It was divided into twenty districts called nomes .
Temperatures are less extreme and ther is more rainfall .
The climate in Lower Egypt is milder than that of Upper Egypt .
Lower Egypt is the fertile Nile Delta region , which stretches from the area between El-Aiyat and Zawyet Dahshur , south of modern-day Cairo , and the Mediterranean Sea .
Lower Egypt was represented by the Low Red Crown Deshret , and its symbol was the papyrus .
Its patron goddess was the cobra goddess Wadjet .
Lower Egypt was mostly undeveloped scrubland , undeveloped for human life and filled with all types of plant life such as grasses and herbs .
Lower Egypt was known as Ta-Mehu which means `` land of papyrus . ''
The capital of Lower Egypt was Buto .
Western Sahara has been on the United Nations list of non-self-governing territories since the 1960s when it was a Spanish colony .
Polisario has won formal recognition for SADR from 81 states , and was extended membership in the African Union , while Morocco has won recognition for its position from the Arab League .
In both instances , recognitions have over the past two decades been extended and withdrawn according to changing international trends .
The Kingdom of Morocco and the Polisario Front independence movement , with its Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic -LRB- SADR -RRB- government , both want to control of the territory .
Since a United Nations-sponsored ceasefire agreement in 1991 , most of the territory has been controlled by Morocco , backed by France , and the rest by the Polisario\/SADR , backed by Algeria .
Le Housseau-Br Ã tignolles is a commune of 212 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Burr died in 1836 .
Burr killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel in 1804 , when Burr was still Vice President .
Sillas is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The term generation gap refers to the different thinking between a younger generation and their parents . The term was made popular in the 1960s .
Subsequent builds , classified 168\/1 and 168\/2 , were given the newer style cab and a new design of wiring and thus are part of the Turbostar family of trains .
The first batch of units was classified 168\/0 under TOPS and bore a large resemblance , both visually and in terms of electrical design , to the Class 165 units previously built by BREL at York .
They were built in several batches from 1997 onwards .
Clayton Moore -LRB- September 14 , 1914 â `` December 28 , 1999 -RRB- was an American actor .
Octopuses have a relatively short life expectancy , and some species live for as little as six months .
At least four specimens of the Veined Octopus -LRB- Amphioctopus marginatus -RRB- have been seen picking up discarded coconut shells , and then reassembling them to use as shelter .
The young larval octopuses spend a period of time drifting in clouds of plankton , where they feed until they are ready to descend to the ocean bottom , where the cycle repeats .
All octopuses are venomous , but only the small blue-ringed octopuses are known to be deadly to humans .
An octopus trails its eight arms behind it as it swims .
When octopuses reproduce , males use a specialized arm to put packets of sperm into the female 's mantle cavity .
The female cares for the eggs , guarding them against predators , and gently blowing currents of water over them so that they get enough oxygen .
Larger species , such as the North Pacific Giant Octopus , may live for up to five years under suitable circumstances .
The exact extent of their intelligence and learning capability is much debated among biologists . Maze and problem-solving experiments have shown that they do have both short and long-term memory .
In some species , the female octopus can keep the sperm alive inside her for weeks until her eggs are mature .
Some octopuses , such as the Mimic Octopus , can move their arms in ways which copy the movements of other sea creatures .
They have been seen in what some have described as play : repeatedly releasing bottles or toys into a circular current in their aquariums and then catching them .
Reproduction is a cause of death : males can only live for a few months after mating , and females die shortly after their eggs hatch .
The female does not hunt during the roughly one-month period spent taking care of the unhatched eggs and may ingest some of her own arms for sustenance .
The octopus is the only invertebrate which has been conclusively shown to use tools .
Octopuses often break out of their aquaria and sometimes into others in search of food .
An octopus has a hard beak , and its mouth is at the center point of the arms .
Males die within a few months of mating .
In laboratory experiments , octopuses can be readily trained to distinguish between different shapes and patterns .
There are about 300 octopus species , which is over one-third of the total number of known cephalopods .
At around the time the eggs hatch , the mother leaves the lair and is too weak to defend herself from predators like cod , often succumbing to their attacks .
Most octopuses have no internal or external skeleton , allowing them to squeeze through tight places .
In the UK , cephalopods such as octopuses are regarded as honorary vertebrates under the Animals -LRB- Scientific Procedures -RRB- Act 1986 giving them protection not normally afforded to invertebrates .
They neglect to eat during the -LRB- roughly -RRB- one month period spent taking care of their unhatched eggs , but apparently they do not die of starvation .
The Octopus is a cephalopod mollusc in the order Octopoda .
They have even boarded fishing boats and opened holds to eat crabs .
After they have been fertilized , the female lays about 200,000 eggs -LRB- this figure dramatically varies between species -RRB- .
Octopuses are highly intelligent , probably more so than any other invertebrate .
The term octopus may also be used to refer only to those creatures in the genus Octopus .
Akira Kitaguchi -LRB- born 8 March 1935 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Ackley is a town in Langlade County , Wisconsin , United States .
There were 510 people living in Ackley as of the 2000 Census .
This way Vishnu could kill Hiranyakashipu without disrupting the boon given to him by Brahma .
It is similar in design to the twin-engined A330 .
The Airbus A340 is a long-range four-engined widebody commercial passenger airplane manufactured by Airbus S.A.S. a subsidiary of EADS .
Dylan is played by seven different actors in the movie : Marcus Carl Franklin , Ben Whishaw , Heath Ledger , Christian Bale , Richard Gere , and Cate Blanchett , who play people like Dylan but with different names .
Yuji Yaso -LRB- born 31 October 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Hiroki Iikura -LRB- born 1 June 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
The Bishop Giuseppe Maria Palatucci turned the camp into a shelter for Italian and foreign Jews , many of them sent there for protection by his nephew Giovanni Palatucci ; Giovanni was later honored as a Righteous Among the Nations by the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial .
The town , located in a mountainous district , gradually lost importance in the 20th century .
During World War II , Campagna was the site of an internment camp .
All its district offices have been moved to other cities since the 1930s , and the Diocese of Campagna merged with the Archdiocese of Salerno in 1973 .
Mentque-Nortb Ã court is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Louis Saha -LRB- born 8 August 1978 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Everton .
Iron Maiden lead singer Bruce Dickinson was in the band before he joined Iron Maiden . Dickinson went by the name `` Bruce Bruce '' while he was in Samson .
Samson was a British heavy metal band between 1977 and 2002 .
CitroÃ `` n Xantia was a car produced by CitroÃ `` n from 1993 through 2001 .
Babcock is an unincorporated community in Wood County of the state of Wisconsin in the United States .
The ZIP code of Babcock is 54413 .
Rhythm Tengoku Gold is a music video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
It is the sequel to Rhythm Tengoku .
Then relief would come to Saul ; he would feel better , and the evil spirit would leave him . ''
Saul `` liked him very much , and David became one of his armor-bearers . '' So , '' ... whenever the spirit from God came upon Saul , David would take his harp and play .
The law said that both David and Bathsheba must die for their sin . David makes Uriah come back from battle and tried to make him go back home and sleep with Bathsheba , so everybody will think it is Bathsheba 's son .
Because of this , Uriah died .
David found out that her name was Bathsheba , the daughter of Eliam and the wife of Uriah the Hittite , who was one of David 's royal guards .
When King Saul saw that David was brave enough to fight Goliath , he sent him .
Heist-op-den-Berg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Pierre is the capital city of South Dakota , a state of the United States of America .
Started in 1880 on the Missouri River across from Fort Pierre , Pierre has been the state capital since 1889 .
BourguÃ bus is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In the end , Edgar is kicked into the trunk , locked inside , and sent to Timbuktu himself .
The movie took four years to produce , at a budget of 4,000,000 .
The Aristocats II was supposed to be a direct-to-video sequel to this movie .
It was originally released to theaters by Buena Vista Distribution on December 11 , 1970 , with a regular release on December 24 , 1970 .
The Aristocats was re-released to theaters on December 19 , 1981 and April 10 , 1987 .
Madame Adelaide 's will is rewritten to not include Edgar and include O'Malley , and she starts a charity foundation which gives a home to all the cats in Paris .
The title is a pun on the word aristocrats .
Five of Disney 's legendary `` Nine Old Men '' worked on it , including the Disney crew that had been working 25 years on average .
This movie was the last one to be approved by Walt himself , and the first one produced after his death in 1966 .
It was scheduled to be released in 2007 , but the production was canceled in early 2006 after Disney bought Pixar and canceled all projects not related to a consumer product line .
O'Malley , Scat Cat and his gang , Roquefort and Frou-Frou all fight Edgar , while Roquefort rescues Duchess and kittens .
It was first released on VHS in North America in the Classics series on April 10 , 1986 and January 1 , 1992 and Masterpiece Collection series on April 24 , 1996 and DVD on April 4 , 2000 in the Gold Classic Collection line .
The Aristocats is an animated feature produced and released by Walt Disney Productions in 1970 .
The Aristocats had its Gold Collection disc quietly discontinued in 2006 .
On Classic Disney : 60 Years of Musical Magic , this includes `` Thomas O'Malley Cat '' on the purple disc and `` Everybody Wants to Be a Cat '' on the orange disc .
On Disney 's Greatest Hits , this includes `` Ev ` rybody Wants to Be a Cat '' on the red disc .
It was released on VHS in Europe on January 1 , 1990 .
The twentieth animated feature in the List of Disney animated features , the movie is based on a story by Tom McGowan and Tom Rowe , and is about a family of cats , and how an alley cat helps them after their butler Edgar has catnapped them to gain his mistress ' fortune which was meant to go to them .
Disney planned to release a sequel , The Aristocats II , in December 2005 , set to release in 2007 , but production was canceled in early 2006 .
Mike Bibby started his NBA career when he was drafted by the Vancouver Grizzlies in the 1998 NBA Draft with the 2nd pick in the 1st round . Bibby has played 3 seasons with the Vancouver Grizzlies , 7 seasons with the Sacramento Kings , 3 seasons with the Atlanta Hawks and two games with the Washington Wizards before having his contract bought out by the Wizards on February 28 , 2011 .
Michael `` Mike '' Bibby -LRB- born May 13 , 1978 in Cherry Hill , New Jersey -RRB- is an American basketball player that last played with the Washington Wizards of the NBA .
T ` rdat -LRB- Georgian : á -- á á `` á á cents á -RRB- , sometimes Latinized as Tiridates -RRB- , of the Chosroid Dynasty , was the king of Iberia -LRB- Kartli , eastern Georgia -RRB- from c. 394 to 406 .
These cells are called olfactory epithelium .
The smell is first processed by the olfactory bulb in the olfactory system .
All vertebrates have these cells . The smell is first processed by the olfactory bulb in the olfactory system .
Jogging is running at a slow speed .
Sometimes mechanicians are also called mechaniker and mechanicist .
A mechanician is an engineer or a scientist working in the field of mechanics , or in engineering , applied mechanics and similar fields .
Safe sex -LRB- also called Safer sex or protected sex -RRB- is to have sex in a safe way . There are many dangers with having sex .
Safe sex -LRB- also called Safer sex or protected sex -RRB- is to have sex in a safe way .
Mikel John Obi -LRB- born 22 April 1987 -RRB- is a Nigerian football player . He plays for Chelsea and Nigeria national team .
April Janet Pearson -LRB- born 23 January 1989 in Bristol -RRB- is an English actress .
Light pollution is a type of pollution .
Light trespass is when light being used by a person goes into the property of another . Though light trespass is not an environmental issue , it is still light pollution .
Light trespass is when light being used by a person goes into the property of another .
Polychlorinated biphenyls -LRB- often shortened to PCBs -RRB- are organic chemical compounds that contain chlorine atoms .
It used to be called MSN Messenger before MSN was changed into Windows Live .
It is made by the Windows Live section of Microsoft . It used to be called MSN Messenger before MSN was changed into Windows Live .
Windows Live Messenger is an instant messenger that is the most-used in the world . It is made by the Windows Live section of Microsoft .
It is made by the Windows Live section of Microsoft .
`` Harder to Breathe '' is the first single and the first track of Maroon 5 's first album Songs About Jane .
Malvern is a town in Worcestershire , England .
Zwevegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Bo ` ness F.C. is a former football club which has played in Scotland .
The University of Tartu , the oldest and most famous in Estonia is found there .
Tartu is the second biggest city in Estonia .
Tartu is the second biggest city in Estonia . The University of Tartu , the oldest and most famous in Estonia is found there .
Alexandre Paes Lopes -LRB- born 29 October 1974 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The actress had already faced a cancer of the uterus and ovaries and had to undergo a radical hysterectomy .
At the age of 17 , Mara , at the time living and studying in SÃ # o Paulo , visited the Teatro Oficina , and , as she often jokingly said , never left it .
There she made all kinds of backstage activities , until one day she had the chance to replace a sick actress in a play .
Mara VirgÃ nia Manzan -LRB- 28 May 1952 â `` 13 November 2009 -RRB- was a Brazilian actress .
In March 2008 , acting as `` Amara '' in Duas Caras , she discovered to suffer of lung cancer , and was operated by surgeon Drauzio Varella on 16 April that year .
The Southern Tenant Farmers ' Union -LRB- STFU -RRB- was founded as a trade union to help organize the farmers in the Southern United States .
When Miss Hoover returns to class , Lisa is sad to lose her most positive adult role model .
`` Lisa 's Substitute '' is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons second season .
It first started on Fox in the United States on April 25 , 1991 .
Lisa finds Mr. Bergstrom 's teaching methods inspiring and finds a whole new love for learning .
Meanwhile , Bart runs for class president against `` Martin . ''
In this episode , Lisa 's teacher Miss Hoover gets Lyme disease , so substitute teacher `` Mr. Bergstrom '' takes over the class .
Eventually , she knows that while Mr. Bergstrom was one of a kind , she can find role models in other people , like her father Homer .
These users have been given a `` bot flag '' and are approved to perform tasks . See Special : Listusers\/bot for a current list of fully approved bots .
Tax resistance is when people do not pay a tax because they are angry at how the government uses the money .
Some people are tax resisters to protest .
Haileyville is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
A Kit-Cat Klock or Felix the Cat Clock is an art deco style clock .
The eyes and tail move back and forth .
Glirinae is a subfamily of dormice -LRB- Gliridae -RRB- .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL took away its support for the Kingston location .
It holds displays about players , teams , National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- records , and NHL trophies , including the Stanley Cup .
First opened in Kingston , Ontario , the Hockey Hall of Fame was first began in 1943 by James T. Sutherland .
It 's main subject is the history of ice hockey , it is both a museum and a hall of fame .
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961 .
Because the Hall was getting too big for its location , it was moved to an old Bank of Montreal building in downtown Toronto in 1993 , where it is currently located .
The first group of members was selected in 1945 , before the Hall of Fame had a permanent location .
The Hockey Hall of Fame -LRB- Temple de la renommÃ e du hockey in French -RRB- is located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
1906 -LRB- MCMVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar .
In 1273 King Otakar II of Bohemia took over the castle and took the children of Sopron 's noble families as hostage .
Sopron is a wine producing region , that is one of the few in Hungary to make both red and white wines .
The King Ladislaus made Sopron a free royal town .
The grapes grown here include KÃ kfrankos for red wine and Traminer -LRB- GewÃ 1\/4 rztraminer -RRB- for white wine .
At the time of the Roman Empire , there was a city here called Scarbantia .
In climate it is similar to the Burgenland wine region nearby in Austria , and several winemakers make wine in both countries .
By 1153 it was an important town .
MFC Sopron is a football team based in Sopron .
The main square of Sopron is in the same place as the forum -LRB- or main square -RRB- of Roman times .
But the people of the city opened the gates when the army of King Ladislaus IV of Hungary arrived .
The town got its Hungarian name of Sopron from a steward of the castle named Suprun .
In the 9th â `` 11th centuries Hungarians strengthened the old Roman city walls and built a castle .
After this , the city was probably deserted . When the Hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .
Sometimes called the ` visceral nervous system ' or ` voluntary nervous system ' , it is part of the peripheral nervous system .
In 2003 , a 2-disc DVD version was announced to come out along with Alice in Wonderland and Pocahontas , which were released in 2004 and 2005 .
This series ended with Leroy & Stitch , which was released on June 27 , 2006 .
Lilo lives in Hawaii , a series of islands in the United States of America . Lilo 's mother and father have died in a car crash , so her older sister Nani takes care of her .
The movie was so popular , that a direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 animated movie , released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 21 , 2002 .
The Movie , which was made as the pilot to a TV series titled Lilo & Stitch : The Series .
It , along with the movie , has more Elvis Presley songs than any of Elvis ' own movies .
A third and final direct-to-video sequel , Leroy & Stitch , was released in June 2006 and ended the TV series .
In March 2008 , Disney announced that it is to produce a remade version of Lilo & Stitch , called Stitch !
In its second week , fell to # 3 , again behind the Steven Spielberg movie at # 2 .
Lilo & Stitch was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , which went to Hayao Miyazaki 's movie , Spirited Away which also was released by Walt Disney Pictures and starred Daveigh Chase -LRB- in the English version -RRB- .
The movie was released on VHS and DVD on December 3 , 2002 .
The movie 's success at the box office and on DVD led to a franchise , with four direct-to-video sequels and a television series that lasted two seasons .
, for the Japanese market .
In this movie , Stitch has a glitch because his molecules were never fully charged -LRB- this is different than a deleted opening , `` Stitch 's trial '' , which was seen on the DVD release of Lilo & Stitch -RRB- .
The movie opening at # 2 with $ 35,260,212 in its first weekend , less than $ 500,000 behind the film Minority Report .
Lilo wants to win the May Day hula contest like her mother did in the 1970s , but Stitch continues to have problems .
This new DVD has everything that the original DVD had and adds an audio commentary , a 2-hour documentary , more deleted scenes , a number of behind-the-scenes featurettes , and some games .
The movie made $ 145,794,338 in the United States and Canada , and $ 127,349,813 internationally , finishing with $ 273,144,151 in the world .
On August 2005 , Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch , the `` official '' direct-to-video sequel to the movie , was released .
This series ran for 65 episodes between September 20 , 2003 and July 29 , 2006 .
On August 26 , 2003 , Disney released a direct-to-video sequel , Stitch !
The soundtrack of the movie was released by Walt Disney Records on June 21 , 2002 .
On March 24 , 2009 , Disney finally released the special edition DVD , which is called a 2-Disc `` Big Wave Edition '' .
The Movie , which was made as the pilot to a TV series titled Lilo & Stitch : The Series . This series ran for 65 episodes between September 20 , 2003 and July 29 , 2006 .
The series is produced by the Japanese animation house Madhouse LTD.
Lilo thinks Stitch is not behaving right , until she finds out that Stitch is dying .
Lilo & Stitch received very positive reviews from critics and movie-goers alike , and to date has been the only Walt Disney Pictuers movie released during the 2000s to have both critical approval and make its cost back during its original theatrical release .
It was the second of three Disney animated movies produced mainly at the Walt Disney Feature Animation Florida studio in Walt Disney World 's Disney-MGM Studios in Orlando , Florida .
The series carried on where the movie left off and showed Lilo 's efforts to capture and re-home Jumba 's remaining experiments .
The show , which began in October 2008 , features a Japanese girl named Yuna -LRB- formerly referred to as Hanako -RRB- in place of Lilo , and is set on a fictional island in Okinawa prefecture instead of Hawaii .
A 2-Disc Special Edition DVD of Lilo & Stitch was released in the UK on August 22nd 2005 , along with the UK release of Lilo & Stitch 2 : Stitch Has a Glitch , but a release in the US was affected by many delays .
The 42nd animated movie in the Disney animated features canon , it was written by and directed by Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois .
The song used by Disney to advertise the movie was Suspicious Minds , performed by Gareth Gates , who became famous on the UK TV program Pop Idol .
The conductor Gustavo Dudamel has been the orchestra 's artistic director since 1999 .
The Orquesta SinfÃ nica SimÃ n BolÃ var -LRB- SimÃ n BolÃ var Symphony Orchestra -RRB- is a youth orchestra from Venezuela .
Junya Hosokawa -LRB- born 24 June 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vegalta Sendai .
Swiss cheese is a group of cheeses with holes in them . These cheeses got their name because they look like Swiss Emmental cheese .
The holes of the cheese are called the `` eyes '' , and a Swiss cheese which does not have holes is called a `` blind '' cheese .
Swiss cheese is a group of cheeses with holes in them .
Swiss cheese is famous for having holes .
An Earthship is a type of house that is built with natural and recycled materials with energy conservation in mind .
It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite , mother by Zeus -LRB- Jupiter -RRB- of Thebe and Locrus -LRB- although both of these are assigned a different mother by other authors -RRB- .
It belongs to the PasiphaÃ `` group , non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 Â and 158.3 Â .
Megaclite is about 5.4 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,687,000 km in 792.437 days , at an inclination of 150 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 148 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.308 .
At abolition it contained the following districts : Faisalabad , Toba Tek Singh and Jhang .
Saint-Thom Ã is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The city of Sanghar is the capital .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Maureen O'Hara Black Swan 3 . jpg thumb -LRB- 406x537 -RRB- px right Maureen O'Hara -RRB- -RRB- Maureen O'Hara is an Irish actress and singer .
She is noted for usually playing fiercely passionate heroines in her films .
Eraclea Mare is famous cause of its pinewood and `` Mort lagoon '' -LRB- in Italian : Laguna del Mort -RRB- .
Eraclea Mare is the Lido of Eraclea .
The Mort stretches between Eraclea Mare and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon , being supplied with water only by the flood-tides .
It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous touristic towns : Caorle and Jesolo .
Still uncontaminated , the Mort is characterized by shallow and calm waters with a sandy and muddy seabed , rich in phytoplankton .
Within the last year , a steady growth of foreign tourists , especially from Germany , has been recorded .
The Mort Lagoon , an extremely evocative naturalistic site between Eraclea and Jesolo , was originated by the overflowing of the Piave river in 1936 , whose bed was modified in its last stretch after a big flood .
Eraclea is a town in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy .
SP42 goes through it .
Eracleamare , one of the destinations of summer tourism on the Adriatic riviera , is together with Jesolo and Caorle one of the best known seaside resort on the Venetian coast .
Verizon Ladies First Tour is a 2004 joint concert tour by American R&B \/ soul singers BeyoncÃ and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott .
A. afarensis is similar to the younger Australopithecus africanus .
Australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid . It lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago .
It has been thought that A. afarensis was an ancestor to both the genus Australopithecus and the genus Homo . Homo includes the modern human species , Homo sapiens . .
In the parliamentary session of 1905 plans were submitted for another station at the south end of the tunnel . The station would be underneath Wellington Street .
However , there were legal problems and these delayed the permission that was needed to build the subway and tram route . Permission to build the subway was not given until 1906 , and they were still not allowed to build the tram line over the bridge .
This was in case they were needed for the Coronation . However , proposals to convert the tramway subway to a car park or a film studio failed and it was leased out as a storage facility from October 1957 .
In 1946 , it was decided to replace all of London 's remaining trams `` as soon as possible '' .
A new sharp curve was built under Lancaster Place to alllow an exit through the western side wall of Waterloo Bridge . A triangular junction with the through line was constructed .
In June 1958 , the London County Council proposed to use the tunnel for light traffic coming from Waterloo Bridge . This would reduce traffic congestion at its junction with Strand .
The first public tram through the subway ran on 24 February 1906 . It ran from The Angel , Islington to Aldwych .
In 1929 , it was then decided that the headroom of the tunnel would be increased to 16 f. This would be done by raising the roof or deepening the tunnel as appropriate .
Drivers of the trams recorded difficulty in climbing the ramp north from Holborn tramway station and would sometimes roll all the way back to the station .
On the 16 November of the same year the routes were extended north from The Angel to Highbury station .
A new entrance was built in a position centrally underneath the bridge . This opened on 21 November of that year .
It was 16 m long . This made it the longest tram route operated entirely within the County of London .
In some places the trackbed was lowered by 5 f. This meant that the walls had to be underpinned with concrete .
The southern section of the abandoned tunnel between the Embankment and the Strand Underpass has been converted into a branch of the Buddha Bar chain of bars and restaurants .
The services continued to change for many years , especially when the tram lines over Blackfriars Bridge opened on 14 September 1909 . During the 1920s the LCC also realized that for the subway to remain profitable it would need to be able to take double-deck trams .
The London County Council had two tramway systems called the `` North Side '' and `` South Side '' .
In 1902 , the Council decided to build a tramway that was under the ground -LRB- subway -RRB- . The subway went from Theobalds Road in the north to the Embankment underneath Waterloo Bridge to the south .
Work started on 11 September 1929 . The work resulted in the replacement of the cast iron tubes with a new steel girder-supported roof .
The eastern side of this junction , leading to Blackfriars , was removed as part of the 1930s upgrade .
During the early hours of the next morning all of the remaining trams north of the subway were driven through the subway to the depots south of the Thames .
A weekend service was introduced between Highgate -LRB- Archway -RRB- and Downham via Brockley . This route closed in 1932 .
They ran from Highbury station to Tower Bridge and to Kennington Gate . There was a procession of six cars that went south from the Holborn through to Kennington .
The route used special trams built from materials that could not catch fire . Wooden trams , like those used on other routes , were not allowed to go through the subway .
As well as the whole tunnel being rebuilt , the two tramway stations were as well .
Soon after this takeover , the LPTB decided to replace all of the trams in London by `` more modern vehicles '' .
This latter service was short-lived and the tracks were removed in 1930 .
The abandonment program began in 1935 . The trams in the South-West , West , North-West , North and East London were mostly replaced with trolleybuses .
This involved the demolition of the pedestrian subways under Waterloo Bridge , and extensive construction in the bridge 's undercroft .
At the north end the approach near Southampton Row was an 170 f open cutting with a 1 in 10 -LRB- 10 % -RRB- slope .
The Kennington service was not commercially viable and services were diverted to operate to Queens Road in Battersea . Due to a low bridge this service could only be operated with single-deck vehicles .
The first journey took 10 minutes to go to Aldwych and 12 minutes to get back . This was also allowing for the horse-drawn vehicles that were using the roads on the overground part of the route .
It did not re-open until 14 February 1930 which was the formal re-opening . Tram number 1931 was used on the new route 31 .
When the trams left the subway at the southern end they could turn right along the Embankment to Westminster Bridge or left on a service from Bloomsbury to the Hop Exchange .
In 1933 , the London Passenger Transport Board -LRB- LPTB -RRB- was formed . They took over the London County Council trams .
The tunnel would also only be able to have single-deck trams in it . This was because of a sewer at the northern end of the tunnel and the District Railway at the southern end .
Services now ran from Hackney to Wandsworth or Tooting , Leyton to Westminster , Highbury to Waterloo or Norbury and Archway to Kennington .
Construction began in September of the same year . The subway opened to road traffic as the Strand Underpass on 21 January 1964 .
The trams in London stopped running on 5 July 1952 . After this the tracks on the street were lifted .
In 1940 , the last tram conversion took place before the Second World War . This left only the South London trams and subway routes 31 , 33 and 35 running .
The tracks passed through cast iron tubes underneath the Fleet sewer . They then rose slightly to enter Holborn tramway station .
From here up to Aldwych tramway station the subway was built with a steel roof . Because it was not planned to run a public service south of here at first , the tracks leading towards the Strand were used as a depot with appropriate equipment and inspection pits .
The opening of the new tramway along the Embankment meant it was decided to link up with this route instead and the station was never built .
Drivers on routes through the tunnel had to have at least two years experience on other services to be considered for these routes .
Routes 33 and 35 were closed at the end of service on Saturday 5 April 1952 . The last public services through the subway were ` specials ' which ran on the Sunday , shortly after midnight .
This was because the trolleybuses would have had to run on battery power through the subway . They would have had to have used battery power because headroom restrictions made it impossible to use overhead current collection .
All amplifiers distort to some degree ; some audiophiles prefer the sound produced by tube-based amplifiers .
Tube sound -LRB- or valve sound -RRB- is the sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .
Dunga -LRB- born 31 October 1963 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Paolo Barison -LRB- born 23 June , 1936 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Marshal of the Royal Air Force Hugh Montague Trenchard , 1st Viscount Trenchard GCB OM GCVO DSO -LRB- 3 February 1873 -- 10 February 1956 -RRB- was a British Army soldier who did a lot to start the Royal Air Force .
In 1912 , Trenchard learned to fly and joined the Royal Flying Corps .
As a boy Trenchard found learning difficult .
After his health got better still , Trenchard returned to the war in South Africa .
In modern times , some people say that Trenchard was one of the first people to argue for strategic bombing .
Trenchard first when to India with the Army and he then asked to go to South Africa because he wanted to fight in the Boer War .
He became the second most important man at the Central Flying School in England and had several important jobs in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Trenchard was the man in charge of the Royal Flying Corps in France from 1915 to 1917 .
He has been called the Father of the Royal Air Force .
Winston Churchill put him back in charge of the Royal Air Force in 1919 .
In 1918 , he was the first man in charge of the Royal Air Force for a short time .
Dust , pollen and pet dander are all common allergens . It is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume .
Food allergies are not as common , but some foods , like peanuts , nuts , seafood and shellfish cause serious allergies in lots of people .
Hakan Å Ã 1\/4 kÃ 1\/4 r -LRB- born 1 September 1971 -RRB- is a former Turkish football player .
Year 1432 was a leap year starting on Tuesday .
documenta is one of the most important exhibitions of modern art in the world . Since 1955 , it takes place every five years in Kassel , Germany .
More than 750 thousand people visited the last one , documenta 12 , which was held in 2007 . The next one , documenta 13 , will be from June 9 to September 16 , 2012 .
The shape reconstruction from lightcurves has been described as quite spherical with large planar , nonconvex parts of the surface .
This gives an axial tilt of 45 Â in both cases .
Massalia has an above-average density for S-type asteroids , similar to the density of silicate rocks .
20 Massalia is a big and fairly bright Main belt asteroid .
It orbits at very low inclination in the intermediate main belt , and is by far the biggest asteroid in the Massalia family .
The remaining family members are pieces blown off by a cratering event on Massalia .
Massalia is an S-type asteroid .
Massalia is the Greek name for Marseille , where Chacornac made his discovery -LRB- de Gasparis was observing from Naples -RRB- .
Apart from the few biggest bodies over 400 km in diameter , such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta , most asteroids appear to have been fractured a lot .
It was Chacornac 's discovery that was announced first .
Massalia was found by A. de Gasparis on September 19 , 1852 , and also found independently the next night by J. Chacornac .
It is also the biggest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
As such , it appears to be a solid un-fractured body , which is rare among asteroids of its size .
Lightcurve analysis indicates that Massalia 's pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- 45 Â , 10 Â -RRB- or -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- 45 Â , 190 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty .
The third match included the statement that if Batista lost , he could no longer get another chance at the World Heavyweight Championship while Edge remains champion .
He denied ever being a customer of Signature , and stated that he has been `` tested regularly by the WWE , and I am in full compliance with the WWE Wellness Program . ''
Batista pinned JBL to win the championship title .
Plans had been made for Batista to defend the title in a match with Eddie Guerrero and Randy Orton on November 18 2005 . The match did not take place because of the death of Eddie Guerrero on November 13 2005 .
As 2005 began , Triple H believed that Batista was becoming a threat to his World Heavyweight Championship .
In an attempt to get Batista to challenge WWE Champion John `` Bradshaw '' Layfield rather than him , Triple H created a plan to have Batista run over in a limousine similar the one used by Layfield .
They sent him to work with Afa Anoa ` i .
Batista has held the World Heavyweight Championship three times , the World Tag Team Championship 3 times -LRB- with Ric Flair -LRB- 2 -RRB- and John Cena -LRB- 1 -RRB- -RRB- , the WWE Tag Team Championship once -LRB- with Rey Mysterio -RRB- and the WWE Championship once .
In August 2007 , Batista was said to have used anabolic steroid after an ESPN article released the names of wrestlers that bought medication from Signature Pharmacy of Orlando .
Dave entered anyway and went on to win the Royal Rumble . This earned him the right to wrestle in the main event of WrestleMania 21 against the World Champion of his choice .
Batista finally defeated Khali , and Rey Mysterio , Jr. , at WWE Unforgiven to claim his third World Heavyweight Championship after eight consecutive tries .
JBL defeated Batista by disqualification after the referee saw Batista use a steel chair .
At Armageddon 2003 , Batista took part in two matches . He lost to Shawn Michaels in a singles match but won a Tag team along with Ric Flair to become the World Tag Team Champions .
The Great Khali became the new World Heavyweight Champion , winning a Battle Royal and eliminating Batista .
He went on to win the OVW Heavyweight Championship from ` The Machine ' Doug Basham . After losing the belt to The Prototype , Batista left OVW for the WWF .
Batista went on to win the World Heavyweight Championship on April 3 2005 at WrestleMania 21 .
At first , Batista did not want help from Evolution in dealing with JBL .
He joined with Ric Flair and fought many times with Kane , whom he beat in his first pay-per-view at Armageddon 2002 .
In January 2003 , Batista joined with Triple H , Ric Flair , and Randy Orton to form the group Evolution .
Batista won his first televised match since his return , a six man tag match with Rey Mysterio and Lashley taking on King Booker , Finlay and Mark Henry .
Batista pinned Orton to win that match . Batista later moved to RAW , and was re-named as Dave Batista -LRB- or simply Batista -RRB- .
He began his WWE career on May 9 2002 as Deacon Bautista , Batista had his first WWE match in a tag match teaming with D-Von against Randy Orton and Faarooq .
Batista re-tore his triceps while training .
Batista made his return on July 7 , 2006 .
They continued to fight over the title to a tie in a match at Backlash 2007 . After a Steel Cage Match between the two men on May 11 , Edge won the title from the Undertaker by using his Money in the Bank title opportunity .
On June 30 2005 Batista was moved back to SmackDown !
As 2005 began , Triple H believed that Batista was becoming a threat to his World Heavyweight Championship . Triple H told Batista not enter the Royal Rumble .
He made his return on October 20 interfering in a match between Goldberg and Shawn Michaels .
Batista did not wrestle for much of 2003 after he tore his right triceps .
Batista tried out at the WCW Power Plant but was told he would never make it in the wrestling business by Sgt. Buddy Lee Parker .
He also won the Royal Rumble in 2005 .
Batista and Kane faced Khali at The Great American Bash where Khali retained the title .
He married his wife Angie on October 13 , 1998 and has two daughters and one step daughter from a prior marriage , In 2006 , Batista said that he and his wife are separated .
WWE.com reported that Batista suffered a muscle tear in his back at the taping for the November 11 2005 edition of SmackDown ! .
Batista found out about the plan while listening Evolution members when they did not know he was there . He signed a contract for a match with World Champion Triple H at WrestleMania 21 .
Batista made his Ohio Valley Wrestling debut in 2000 . During his time in OVW he was called Leviathan .
Triple H told Batista not enter the Royal Rumble . He said it would be selfish of him to do so , and that he should be helping Triple H keep the title .
Batista pinned Orton to win that match .
Triple H said that Evolution needed to stick together and went with him anyway . Triple H saved him from the vehicle before he got hit .
The WWE punished ten wrestlers named in the issue , though Batista was not one of them .
Batista later moved to RAW , and was re-named as Dave Batista -LRB- or simply Batista -RRB- .
Two months later at WrestleMania 23 , Batista lost the championship to the winner of the Royal Rumble match , The Undertaker .
By the end of the PPV , all four members of Evolution held every male championship on RAW .
Julio Alberto Moreno -LRB- born 7 October , 1958 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Chaserey is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Final Fantasy IV is a fantasy role-playing video game . It was made in 1991 by Squaresoft , now called Square Enix .
You can also play it on the Sony Playstation , Wonderswan Color , Gameboy Advance , and Nintendo DS -LRB- with 3D graphics -RRB- .
This template is to be used in the `` Professional reviews '' section of , for reviews by Robert Christgau which use his specific rating system .
The symbols are similar to the ratings symbols used by Christgau in print -LRB- except for the scissors , for legibility at a small size -RRB- .
Christgau 's letter grade ratings should be output using plain text , like -LRB- B + -RRB- .
If the user clicks on a symbol they will be mapped through to the image page -LRB- example -RRB- , which provides an explanation of the image 's meaning .
This template should only be used for Christgau-specific ratings -LRB- or `` Christgau copycats , '' i.e. people who also use his rating system -RRB- .
Asbarez Newspaper began its publication in August 1908 in Fresno as a weekly .
Asbarez is the official publisher of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation Western United States Central Committee , and mainly serves the more than 500,000 strong Armenian-American community in the Western states .
On May 1 , 1970 when Asbarez began publishing its English section .
After several successful decades the offices and publishing headquarters moved to Los Angeles in the early 1970 's .
Today , that section , which became a daily publication in January 1993 , is the voice of the community and a source of information within the halls of Congress , in libraries around the country and newsrooms of major media outlets .
Shangla Pass connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat , in NWFP , Pakistan .
I The Massive Attack EP and Splitting the Atom EP charted on the UK Singles Chart and Swiss Singles Top 100 , despite being extended-play length releases .
It was started in 1988 by Robert Del Naja , Grantley Marshall , and Andrew Vowles . They are in Bristol , England .
Over My Head -LRB- Cable car -RRB- is the debut single by rock band The Fray off the hit album How to Save a Life -LRB- album -RRB- .
Note that the year 2000 is included in : Category :2000 s but is actually part of the 20th century .
Articles and events specifically related to the century beginning with the year 2001 and ending with the year 2100 .
A boomslang is a small , venomous snake found in Africa .
Its name means `` tree snake '' in Dutch and Afrikaans .
CossÃ - en-Champagne is a commune of 300 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Fabio Cudicini -LRB- born 20 October 1935 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Instead , he introduced the New Economic Policy in 1921 .
War communism is the name for the economic policies that introduced to Russia in 1918 by Vladimir Lenin , leader of Russia from 1917-24 . The policy was ended in 1921 because it was not successful .
In this episode , Homer uses the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant medical insurance plan to buy `` dimoxinil '' , a hair growth formula .
`` Simpson and Delilah '' is the second episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on October 18 , 1990 .
The episode was directed by Rich Moore , written by Jon Vitti and guest starred Harvey Fierstein as Karl .
Homer grows hair , and is given a rank up at work which allows him to hire a secretary named Karl .
Subiaco is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
The trade name Simplex was used from the early days ; in 1972 the company was renamed Simplex Mechanical Handling Ltd.
Formed in 1911 as The Motor Rail & Tramcar Co Ltd , they built petrol and diesel engined locomotives , mainly narrow gauge .
Motor Rail was a British locomotive-building company , based in Bedford .
During World War I over 900 locos were supplied for use on temporary military supply railways .
People from Morocco are called Moroccans .
Morocco is next to the countries of Algeria to its east and Western Sahara to its south . The Mediterranean Sea lies to the north of Morocco , and the Atlantic Ocean to the west .
The Mediterranean Sea lies to the north of Morocco , and the Atlantic Ocean to the west .
Lindau is the capital of Lindau -LRB- district -RRB- .
Neighbor districts are : OberallgÃ u and in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg : Ravensburg -LRB- district -RRB- and the Bodensee -LRB- district -RRB- ; In the south of the district are the Austrian state Vorarlberg and Lake Constance .
However , an unknown person had taken control , and a month later Mishima Zaibatsu announced the opening of The King of Iron Fist Tournament 5 .
Tekken 5.1 was a small upgrade of the original Tekken 5 that was not released on consoles and instead , was only on arcades .
Tekken 5 was re-released on the PlayStation Portable as Tekken : Dark Resurrection -LRB- known as Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection in arcades and on PlayStation 3 -RRB- with new stages , two new characters , one extra returning character , an online mode , new costumes and more .
Later on , after the release of Tekken : Dark Resurrection on the PSP , Namco decided to release the arcade version of Tekken : Dark Resurrection -LRB- called Tekken 5 : Dark Resurrection -RRB- on the PlayStation Store .
At the start , Kazuya and Heihachi fight the Jack-4 's as a team , but eventually Kazuya throws Heihachi across the room as soon as he notices that Heihachi is getting tired .
It also had stages with no walls like the stages in all the older Tekken games -LRB- except for Tekken 4 -RRB- .
After hearing of Heihachi 's death , people though that it would bring the end of the Mishima Zaibatsu .
Then , Kazuya turns into Devil Kazuya and escapes , leaving Heihachi to deal with the Jack-4 's by himself .
Wegenstetten is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
There is no surviving portrait of Hooke .
Hooke 's collaboration with Christopher Wren included St Paul 's Cathedral , whose dome uses a method of construction conceived by Hooke .
In the reconstruction after the Great Fire , Hooke proposed redesigning London 's streets on a grid pattern with wide boulevards and arteries , a pattern later used in the renovation of Paris , Liverpool , and many American cities .
Hooke achieved fame in his day as Surveyor to the City of London and chief assistant of Christopher Wren .
This was a position he held for over 40 years .
This proposal was thwarted by arguments over property rights , as property owners were surreptitiously shifting their boundaries .
On 8 July 1680 , Hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the mode of vibration of glass plates .
In 1664 Hooke also was appointed Professor of Geometry at Gresham College in London and Cutlerian Lecturer in Mechanics .
Robert Hooke FRS -LRB- Isle of Wight , 18 July 1635 â `` London , 3 March 1703 -RRB- was an English naturalist , architect and polymath . Hooke played an important role in the birth of science in the 17th century with both experimental and theoretical work .
Hooke was appointed the Royal Society 's first Curator of Experiments in 1662 , and he rose to be Secretary of the Royal Society . He took responsibility for experiments performed at its weekly meetings .
Hooke helped Wren rebuild London after the Great Fire in 1666 .
Hooke was in demand to settle many of these disputes , due to his skill as a surveyor and his tact as an arbitrator .
He ran a bow along the edge of a glass plate covered with flour , and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
Hooke also participated in the design of the Pepys Library , which held the manuscripts of Samuel Pepys 's diaries , the most frequently cited eyewitness account of the Great Fire of London .
Oak Hill is a city of Florida in the United States .
When people write a word that is a trademark or show a picture or symbol that is a trademark , they should say that it is a trademark .
When people write a word that is a trademark or show a picture or symbol that is a trademark , they should say that it is a trademark . If a trademark is not registered , they can write the word `` Trademark '' , use the abbreviation `` TM '' , or use the symbol â cents on their products .
He is famous for his role as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo on the television series NCIS .
Michael Manning Weatherly , Jr. born July 8 1968 in New York City is an American actor . He is famous for his role as Special Agent Anthony DiNozzo on the television series NCIS .
Cudos , Gironde is a commune .
This category lists articles relating to transport by tram , street-running light-rail or similar systems in the United Kingdom .
In 1948 , at the age of 18 , Woods recorded several songs for friends Mack David and Jerry Livingston . The songs -LRB- `` Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo '' , `` So This is Love '' , and `` A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes '' -RRB- were then played for Walt Disney .
Woods was first married to Stephen Steck Jr. . They had one child , a daughter named Stephanie .
After a divorce , in 1963 she married Ed Shaughnessy . They had two sons , James and Daniel .
Jacqueline Ruth `` Ilene '' Woods -LRB- May 5 , 1929 â `` July 1 , 2010 -RRB- was an American singer and actress who voiced Cinderella in the 1950 Disney film .
Carles Puyol -LRB- born 13 April 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He has played for Barcelona and Spain national team .
Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center is a large wind farm with 735.5 megawatt -LRB- MW -RRB- capacity .
It consists of 291 GE 1.5 MW wind turbines and 130 Siemens 2.3 MW wind turbines spread over nearly 47,000 acres -LRB- 190 kmÂ -RRB- of land in Taylor and Nolan County , Texas .
The first phase of the Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center consisted of 213 MW and was completed in late 2005 ; phase two consisted of 223.5 MW and was completed in the second quarter of 2006 ; phase three which consisted of 299 MW , was completed by the end of 2006 .
Ehime F.C. is a football club which plays in Japan .
Milan BaroÅ -LRB- born 28 October 1981 -RRB- is a Czech football player . He plays for Galatasaray and Czech Republic national team .
Iron Maiden is a first album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden .
Iron Maiden is a first album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden . It was released on 11th April 1980 .
The Leeward Islands are part of the Society Islands in French Polynesia .
Multicellular organisms are organisms with more than one cell .
Multicellular organisms , especially long-living animals , also face the challenge of cancer , which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development .
In order to reproduce , true multicellular organisms must solve the problem of regenerating a whole organism from germ cells -LRB- i.e. sperm and egg cells -RRB- , an issue that is studied in developmental biology .
Changes in tissue morphology can be observed during this process .
Cerentino is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Only fermions -LRB- examples are protons , neutrons and electrons -RRB- are bound by the Pauli exclusion principle , while bosons -LRB- an example is a photon - light beam -RRB- are not . A more precise way to describe the Pauli exclusion principle is to say that two of the same kind of fermions can not have the same quantum numbers .
A more precise way to describe the Pauli exclusion principle is to say that two of the same kind of fermions can not have the same quantum numbers . This principle was discovered by physicist Wolfgang Pauli in 1925 .
Rebecques is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
During 1873 it was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence to protect it from damage . The statue currently attracts many visitors to the Accademia Gallery .
PompÃ jac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Peter LÃ venkrands -LRB- born 29 January 1980 -RRB- is a Danish football player . He plays for Newcastle United .
Wes Brown -LRB- born 13 October 1979 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Manchester United and England national team .
The mantra of Padmasambhva is `` Om Ah Hum Vajra Guru Padma Siddhi Hum '' and is called the Vajra Guru mantra .
Yokohama Station -LRB- æ æ é , ã ã `` ã ã 3\/4 ã ã -RRB- is a railway station of JR East , Keihin Electric Express Railway , Sagami Railway , Tokyu Corporation , Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company , and the Yokohama Municipal Subway in Nishi-ku , Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan .
Steven Paul `` Elliott '' Smith -LRB- August 6 , 1969 â `` October 21 , 2003 -RRB- was an American singer-songwriter and musician .
`` The Saga Begins '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic . It is a parody of `` American Pie '' by Don McLean
Bazoges-en-Pareds is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
The Fiat Cinquecento is a car produced by Fiat , introduced in 1991 .
It were replaced by the Fiat Seicento in 1998 .
Volbeat formed in 2000 when singer Michael Poulsen formed a death metal band called Dominus .
He then formed a new band called Volbeat with other members of Dominus .
A toaster is a machine that cooks bread .
Additionally , none of her eight dance pop single releases under MCA Records 's Canada imprint are present .
Morissette 's singles that are not on the album include `` All I Really Want '' , `` Joining You '' , `` Unsent '' , `` So Pure '' , the live track `` King of Pain '' -LRB- a cover of The Police song -RRB- , `` Precious Illusions '' and the European single `` Out Is Through '' .
Alanis Morissette : The Collection is the greatest hits compilation album by Alanis Morissette , released in the United States on 15 November , 2005 .
Levergies is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Skeptical Inquirer is an American science magazine . The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry -LRB- CSI -RRB- publishes this magazine every other month .
Books of collections of articles are :
Several collections of articles from the Skeptical Inquirer , have been published .
Hiram E. McCallum -LRB- 1900 - January 13 , 1989 -RRB- was a mayor of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , from 1948-1951 .
Renneval is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Warth-Weiningen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The cover art was painted by Andreas Marshall .
The first DNA transposon used as a tool for genetic purposes , the Sleeping Beauty transposon system , was a transposon which was ressurected from a long evolutionary sleep .
Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements .
In vertebrate animal cells nearly all the 100,000 + DNA transposons in a genome code for inactive transposase polypeptides .
They may have arisen independently many times , or perhaps just once and then spread to other kingdoms by horizontal gene transfer .
They copy themselves in two stages , first from DNA to RNA by transcription , then from RNA back to DNA by reverse transcription .
Transposons themselves are of two types according to their mechanism , which can be either `` copy and paste '' -LRB- class I -RRB- or `` cut and paste '' -LRB- class II -RRB- .
In this way , they are similar to viruses .
Bacteria may use gene deletion to remove transposons and viruses from their genomes while eukaryotic organisms use RNA interference -LRB- RNAi -RRB- to inhibit transposon activity .
While some transposons may confer benefits on their hosts , most are regarded as selfish DNA parasites .
Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities , leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor .
Transposons are found in many forms of life .
Excessive transposon activity can destroy a genome , which is lethal . Many organisms have developed mechanisms to inhibit them .
Transposons may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity : The V -LRB- D -RRB- J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposons .
The DNA copy is then inserted into the genome in a new position .
Transposition can create significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
Retrotransposons behave very similarly to retroviruses , such as HIV .
Transposons are mutagens .
They can damage the genome of their host cell in different ways :
Aarre Merikanto -LRB- June 29 , 1893 â `` September 29 , 1958 -RRB- was a Finnish composer .
Cell is not able to go super saiyan , even with the cells from Goku and Vegeta .
The Dragon Ball series is separated into several other media adaptions , including two spinoff shows , Dragon ball Z and Dragon ball GT .
Goku is in search of the mysterious Dragon Balls .
An airÃ n is a type of white grape used to make wine .
Old Persian was spoken in the first Persian empire , under the Achaemenid kings , including Cyrus and Darius the Great . This first empire started in the 6th century BC and continued until Alexander the Great conquered it .
Persian is a very old language , and linguists have names for three different versions of Persian that were used in three different times . Old Persian was spoken in the first Persian empire , under the Achaemenid kings , including Cyrus and Darius the Great .
The champion was Nigel Mansell in a close battle . Williams won the constructors championship .
The 1992 Formula One season was the 43th edition of the championship .
Montrose F.C. is a football club which plays in Scotland .
The Hound of the Baskervilles is a Sherlock Holmes novel . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle started writing it in 1901 and finished it in 1902 .
Carency is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
There are eight genera in the family , including the commercially important nut-producing trees walnut -LRB- Juglans -RRB- , pecan -LRB- Carya illinoinensis -RRB- , and hickory -LRB- Carya -RRB- .
The leaves are pinnately compound , or ternate , and usually 20-100 cm long .
The Juglandaceae , also known as the Walnut Family , is a family of trees , or sometimes shrubs , in the order Fagales .
It starts at the line between Kansas and Oklahoma , and goes to Kansas City . It runs through many important cities in Kansas , including Wichita , Topeka , Lawrence , and Kansas City .
However , it became part of the system in 1956 .
The Kansas Turnpike is a road in Kansas , part of the United States .
However , it became part of the system in 1956 . Parts of the turnpike also are parts of four Interstate Highways : I-35 , I-335 , I-470 , and I-70 .
The turnpike was not part of the Interstate System at first .
The Kansas Turnpike was built between 1954 and 1956 . It was built before the Interstate Highway System .
It was built before the Interstate Highway System . The turnpike was not part of the Interstate System at first .
It runs through many important cities in Kansas , including Wichita , Topeka , Lawrence , and Kansas City .
Moby or Richard Melville Hall -LRB- born September 11 , 1965 -RRB- is an American DJ , songwriter and musician famous for his songs `` Porcelain '' and `` Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad ? '' .
The Pierhead Building is a building in Cardiff , Wales , UK .
SchÃ nholzerswilen is a municipality of the district of MÃ 1\/4 nchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The most basic form can still be seen in some gastropods and annelids . These eyes have a lens of one refractive index .
Ocelli -LRB- pit-type eyes of arthropods -RRB- blur the image across the whole retina . They are very good at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual field â '' this fast response is accelerated even more by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain .
It is possible to get a better image with materials that have a high refractive index which decreases towards the edges . This decreases the focal length and allows a sharp image to form on the retina .
In this zone the eyes are flattened and the facets are larger .
Focusing the image would also cause the sun 's image to be focused on a few receptors . These could possibly be damaged by the intense light ; shielding the receptors would block out some light and reduce their sensitivity .
For the eye of a cyclone , see eye -LRB- cyclone -RRB- .
The body of Ophiocoma wendtii , a type of brittle star , is covered with ommatidia , turning its whole skin into a compound eye .
Instead of using a lens it is also possible to have cells inside the eye that act like mirrors . The image can then be reflected to focus at a central point .
To minimize the effect of eye motion while the animal moves , most such eyes have stabilizing eye muscles .
They are made of up to about hundred cells , covering about 100 Â m .
The directionality can be improved by reducing the size of the opening , and by putting a reflective layer behind the receptor cells .
Some larger organisms , such as scallops , also use reflector eyes .
The resolution of pit eyes can be improved a lot by adding a material to make a lens . This will reduce the radius of the blurring , and increase the resolution that can be achieved .
The ocelli of insects have a simple lens , but their focal point always lies behind the retina . They can never form a sharp image .
Good fliers like flies or honey bees , or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies , have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives sharp vision .
The same is true of many chitons .
It detects moving objects as they pass successive lenses .
The flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot . This gives a higher resolution .
Each such unit is called ommatidium , several are called ommatidia .
This fast response has led to suggestions that the ocelli of insects are used mainly in flight , because they can be used to detect sudden changes in which way is up -LRB- because light , especially UV light which is absorbed by vegetation , usually comes from above -RRB- .
The scallop Pecten has up to 100 millimeter-scale reflector eyes fringing the edge of its shell .
This eye creates an image that is sharp enough that motion of the eye can cause significant blurring .
Such eyes can be found in about 85 % of phyla .
Unlike simple eyes , compound eyes have a very large angle of view . They can detect fast movement , and sometimes the polarization of light .
Many small organisms such as rotifers , copeopods and platyhelminthes use such this design , but their eyes are too small to produce usable images .
Villmergen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Li Lianjie -LRB- born April 26 , 1963 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese martial artist , actor , wushu champion , and international film star who is currently residing in Singapore .
Mannheim has several universities . The city has a history of important transport inventions .
Nearly 2.4 million people live in this area .
The city of Ludwigshafen is on the opposite bank of the Rhine .
Mannheim is a city in the south-west of Germany , in the north-west of the German state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
This is different to parallel communication , where several bits are sent at the same time .
When using serial communication , only one bit is transferred at a time , for example over a communication channel or computer bus .
They show many of the beliefs and controversies of Christianity . Many Christians think these letters are very important for theology and ethics .
Some of them are the earliest Christian documents .
The Pauline epistles are the fourteen New Testament books which most Christians think were written by the Apostle Paul .
This is because most of the conodont animal was soft-bodied , so everything but the teeth were not fossilised in normal circumstances .
There are three forms of teeth , coniform cones , ramiform bars , and pectiniform platforms , which may have performed different roles .
The organisms range from a centimeter or so to the giant Promissum , 40 cm in length .
This has made them useful for petroleum exploration in rocks dating from the Cambrian to the Upper Triassic .
It is now widely agreed that conodonts had large eyes , fins with fin rays , chevron-shaped muscles and a notochord .
The entire class of Conodonts , or at least what was left of them at the time , were wiped out by the Triassicâ `` Jurassic extinction event , which occurred roughly 200 million years ago .
This array was a feeding apparatus different from the jaws of modern animals .
It was not until early 1980s that the conodont teeth were found with trace fossils of the host organism , in a lagerstÃ tte .
This is because under higher temperatures the phosphate undergoes color changes , which are measured with the conodont alteration index .
Eleven fossil imprints of conodont animals are known . They depict an eel-like creature with 15 or , more rarely , 19 elements forming a bilaterally symmetrical array in the head .
Fernando I was married to Sancha , sister of Bermudo III of LeÃ n. Fernando I began a war with LeÃ n and in the battle of TamarÃ n against a coalition of Castile and Navarre the king of LeÃ n was killed , leaving no offspring .
In 931 the county was unified by count FernÃ n GonzÃ lez , who made his lands subject to a hereditary succession , independent of the kings of LeÃ n.
The first Count of Castile was Rodrigo in 850 , under OrdoÃ o I of Asturias and Alfonso III of Asturias .
The Kingdom of Castile was one of the medieval kingdoms of the Iberian Peninsula .
In 1028 Sancho III the Great , of Navarre , married the sister of count GarcÃ a SÃ nchez and inherited title to the County of Castile after his brother-in-law 's death .
It began in the 9th century : it was called County of Castile and was a vassalage depending from the Kingdom of LeÃ n. It was one of the kingdoms that existed before the Kingdom of Spain .
Advance Wars is a video game for the Game Boy Advance .
Counties in the U.S. state of Kansas .
Ponderay is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Ball 1 : v = 8.5 m\/s
Consider two particles , indicated by subscripts 1 and 2 .
In a perfectly elastic collision -LRB- the simplest case -RRB- , no kinetic energy is lost , and so the kinetic energy of the two objects after the collision is equal to their total kinetic energy before the collision .
In a perfectly elastic collision -LRB- the simplest case -RRB- , no kinetic energy is lost , and so the kinetic energy of the two objects after the collision is equal to their total kinetic energy before the collision . Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms -LRB- heat , sound -RRB- .
The second rule we use is that the total kinetic energy remains the same , meaning that the initial kinetic energy is equal to the final kinetic energy .
Elastic collisions occur only if there is no net conversion of kinetic energy into other forms -LRB- heat , sound -RRB- .
Let m1 and m2 be the masses , u1 and u2 be the velocities before the collision and v1 and v2 be the velocities after collision .
The district was formed on 1 April 1974 and was originally called Yeovil .
The city stopped being Russiaâ s capital in 1712 , after the building of Saint Petersburg by Peter the Great near the Baltic coast in 1703 .
After the attack of 1237 â `` 1238 , when the Mongols burned the city to the ground and killed its people living there , Moscow grew back and became the capital of the Vladimir-Suzdal principality -LRB- an amount of land ruled by a prince -RRB- in 1327 .
The 17th century had lots of revolutions , such as the Salt Riot -LRB- 1648 -RRB- , the Copper Riot -LRB- 1662 -RRB- , and the Moscow Uprising of 1682 .
In 1941 , 16 groups of the national volunteers -LRB- more than 160,000 people -RRB- , twenty-five battalions -LRB- 18,500 people -RRB- and four engineering regiments were created among the Muscovites .
In 1609 the Swedish army , led by Count Jacob De la Gardie and Evert Horn , marched from Veliky Novgorod toward Moscow to help Tsar Vasili Shuiski . They entered Moscow in 1610 and stopped the revolution against the Tsar , but left early in 1611 .
Many factories were moved away , and much of the government was too , and from 20 October the city was declared to be under siege .
The Plague of 1771 was the last big plague in central Russia , killing 100,000 people in Moscow alone .
After the Russian Revolution of 1917 , on 12 March 1918 Moscow became the capital of the Soviet Union .
It is by the Moskva River in the Moskva Oblast , in the European part of Russia .
In January 1905 , Alexander Adrianov became Moscowâ s first mayor .
It was once the capital of the past Soviet Union -LRB- 1918-1991 -RRB- , Russian Empire , Tsardom of Russia and the Grand Duchy of Moscow -LRB- 1480-1703 -RRB- .
That November , the German Army Group Centre was stopped at the edge of the city and then driven off in the Battle of Moscow .
The plague of 1654 â `` 1656 killed half the population of Moscow .
Nine years later , in 1156 , Prince Yuri Dolgoruki ordered the building of a wooden wall , which had to be redone many times , to go around the growing city .
It is the place of the Moscow Kremlin , one of the World Heritage Sites in the city , which is the home of the President of Russia .
In 1480 , Ivan III finally broke the Russians free from Tatar control , allowing Moscow to become the center of power in Russia .
Over time , the city has earned a variety of nicknames , most referring to its pre-eminent status in the nation : The Third Rome -LRB- Ð cents Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/4 -RRB- , Whitestone -LRB- Ð ` Ð Ð '' Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ -RRB- , The First Throne -LRB- Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð '' Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ -RRB- , The Forty Forties -LRB- Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð . -RRB-
During the Polishâ `` Muscovite War -LRB- 1605 â `` 1618 -RRB- hetman -LRB- army commander -RRB- StanisÅ aw Å '' Ã Å kiewski entered Moscow after he defeated the Russians in the Battle of Klushino .
Only two years later Moscow was raided by the Khan Tokhtamysh .
Joseph Stalin -LRB- the leader of Russia -RRB- did not to leave the city , meaning the general staff remained in the city as well .
In 1980 , Moscow hosted the Summer Olympic Games , which the United States and several other Western countries did not go to because of the Soviet Union 's war in Afghanistan in the end 1979 .
By paying high taxes , Ivan worked out an important deal with the Khan .
In 1380 , prince Dmitry Donskoy of Moscow led a Russian army to an important victory over the Tatars in the Battle of Kulikovo .
Unlike other principalities , Moscow was not divided among his sons but was passed whole to his oldest .
Since then , the beginning of a market economy in Moscow has made an explosion of Western-style stores , services , architecture , and lifestyles .
During the French invasion of Russia in 1812 , the Muscovites burned the city and ran away , as Napoleonâ s army was coming near to the city on 14 September .
Under Ivan I the city replaced Tver as a political center of Vladimir-Suzdal and became the only collector of taxes for the Mongol-Tatar rulers .
In 1991 , Moscow was the scene of the failed overthrow attempt by the government members opposed to the rules of Mikhail Gorbachev .
Lehri Nature Park is situated in Jhelum District , northern Punjab , Pakistan .
In size and shape , it closes resembles M. tuberculosis .
M. leprae is a gram-positive , aerobic rod surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to Mycobacteria .
Mycobacterium leprae is a bacteria . It is causes the disease , leprosy , also known as Hanson 's Disease .
Rathdrum is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Desa , Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Petit-Verly is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
According to a FAO document , juniper berries are the only spice that comes from conifers . However , tar and bark from pine trees are sometimes thought of as spices , too .
The juniper berry is the female seed cone made by the different kinds of junipers .
Felix Magath -LRB- born 26 July 1953 -RRB- is a former German football player .
He won the Central Hockey League Most Outstanding Defenseman in the 2001-02 CHL season .
Daniel Tetrault -LRB- born September 4 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League .
In the system of Greek numerals , it has a value of 50 .
Nu -LRB- uppercase\/lowercase Î Î 1\/2 -RRB- , is the letter of the Greek alphabet , used to represent the `` n '' sound in Ancient and Modern Greek .
This means that the Tipulidae -LRB- crane flies -RRB- are the largest group of flies . Most crane fly species -LRB- 75 % -RRB- were found by Charles P. Alexander -RRB- .
They have a distinct head capsule on the front . The segments on the rear portion of the larva -LRB- the abdominal segments -RRB- often have long fleshy projections -LRB- like tentacles -RRB- .
Crane fly larvae are called leatherjackets or ` leatherjacket slugs ' because of the way they move and eat roots -LRB- such as those of grass in lawns -RRB- and other vegetation . Leatherjackets can sometimes cause damage to plants .
Adult crane flies eat nectar or they do not eat at all ; most adult crane flies only mate and then die once they become adults .
Even though crane flies look like mosquitoes , they do not bite humans .
Mouliets-et-Villemartin is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Actinium was discovered in 1899 by AndrÃ - Louis Debierne , a French chemist .
Actinium is chemical element 89 on the periodic table . Its symbol is Ac .
Rosh Hashanah is the first of the High Holidays or Yamim Noraim , or Asseret Yemei Teshuva -LRB- The Ten Days of Repentance -RRB- which are days specifically set aside to focus on repentance that conclude with the holiday of Yom Kippur .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Montournais is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
There have been different types of jazz over the year .
In the 1920s , there was New Orleans-style jazz and Dixieland jazz were popular . In the 1930s , there was swing jazz , which was also called big band jazz .
In the 1970s , jazz fusion , began to blended jazz music with rock music .
The most famous service being Windows Live Hotmail .
But they moved them to Windows Live to show people that it is a service for their purchase of their Windows operating system .
The Windows Live family features many different services . The most famous service being Windows Live Hotmail .
The Windows Live family features many different services .
Windows Live is an internet product of Microsoft . The services under it used to be under MSN .
Raeren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
It contained wrestlers from the Smackdown , ECW , and RAW brands .
The event involved wrestlers from all three Brands , Raw , WWE SmackDown and ECW .
Triple H was unsuccessful in his attempt , this match was followed by Rhodes with assistance from The Legacy team member Ted DiBiase beating down Triple H. This event led to Triple H seeking help from Shawn Michaels to reform the group , D-Generation X -LRB- DX -RRB- , to face and beat Rhodes and DiBiase at SummerSlam .
The Championship was defended in an `` I Quit '' match , where the opponent is won by making the opponent say `` I Quit '' .
On the August 24 , 2009 edition of WWE Raw , the Guest host for the night was weltherweight boxing champion Floyd Mayweather , Jr. who previously had a match with The Big Show at WrestleMania XXIV in 2008 .
Breaking Point was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on September 13 , 2009 at the Bell Centre in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The name of the event was voted by fans via WWE 's official website .
Vince McMahon granted Cena a rematch as a result of Orton 's actions , in a response to the interference from Brett DiBiase at SummerSlam , McMahon stated if anyone were to interfere on Orton 's behalf he would lose the WWE Championship .
The wrestlers portrayed either a good guy or a bad guy as they followed a series of events which led to a wrestling match or a series of wrestling matches .
Due to lingering bitterness from their WrestleMania match , Mayweather announced an exhibition match between Montel Vontavious Porter -LRB- MVP -RRB- and Mark Henry versus Unified Tag Team Champions Big Show and Chris Jericho , with an added stipulation that if MVP and Henry won they would face Show and Jericho for the Unified Tag Team Championship at Breaking Point . During the match MVP and Henry gained their chance when Mayweather handed MVP brass knuckles to knock Jericho out and pin Jericho for the win .
After winning the World Heavyweight Championship at SummerSlam , it was announced CM Punk would defend the Championship the following week on the August 28 , 2009 -LRB- taped August 25 , 2009 -RRB- edition against Jeff Hardy and the winner would face The Undertaker at Breaking Point in a Submission match , where the only way to win is by making your opponent Submit .
Breaking Point was chosen over Submission Sunday , Total Submission , and Submit & Quit .
In math , Newton 's method -LRB- also known as the Newtonâ `` Raphson method , named after Sir Isaac Newton and Joseph Raphson -RRB- is a method for finding the zeroes -LRB- or roots -RRB- of a function whose values are all real .
Campagnolles is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Ukiyo-e were cheap because they could be mass-produced .
Later on landscapes also became popular .
Ukiyo-e , `` pictures of the floating world '' , is a genre of Japanese paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries , that showed landscapes , the theater and scenes of every day entertainment . They were made using woodblock prints .
The original subject of ukiyo-e was city life , in particular activities and scenes from the entertainment district .
Beautiful courtesans , big Sumo wrestlers and popular actors would be portrayed while doing interesting activities .
They were meant for mainly townsmen , who were generally not rich enough to pay an original painting .
Eureka Springs is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Recently , as part of a change in politics in Malawi , the parliament has been moved to Lilongwe .
People can get taxis from hotels and a taxi lane on Presidential Way , North of City Centre Shopping Centre .
There is also an airport , Kamuzu International Airport , which is about 35 km north of Lilongwe .
The city started as a small village on the banks of the Lilongwe river . It became a British colonial administrative center at the beginning of the 20th century .
Lilongwe is the capital city of African country of Malawi .
Recently , as part of a change in politics in Malawi , the parliament has been moved to Lilongwe . All parliament members must spend time in the new capital .
Lilongwe is visited by Malawi Railways and Shire Bus Lines , local buses and minibuses go between Old Town , City Centre , Kamuzu International Airport , and other urban places , including Mzuzu and Blantyre .
In 1974 , the capital of the country was moved from Zomba to Lilongwe .
It lies in the center of the country on the Lilongwe river . It is near the border of Malawi , Mozambique , and Zambia .
Lilongwe is now the political center of Malawi , but Blantyre the economic capital of the country .
Star Trek : Voyager was the fourth television series based in the Star Trek universe .
Timmy and Jenny then leave to find the others only to be attacked by a band of bad cats and rats .
Together , they knock out Martin and Timmy tricks Martin 's army of ravens and rats to fly in the wrong direction .
Martin decides to prove his quality , and goes off to find his own adventure .
Jeremy and Cecil take the two mice to NIMH where they find that two other mice , Justin and Brutus .
Timothy is chosen to go but his older brother Martin believes he should have been chosen .
The Secret of NIMH 2 : Timmy to the Rescue is a 1998 direct-to-video animated film . It was the sequel to The Secret of NIMH produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation .
The mice return to Thorn Valley , Martin returns to normal and Timmy is now a hero .
The movie begins with a prophecy from the first film , telling how one of Jonathan 's and Mrs. Brisby 's sons would save Thorn Valley from the `` secret of NIMH . ''
Timmy goes back to save Martin .
Before he leaves , Jenny tells him she loves him and he tells her the same .
The Thorn Valley council decides it would be too dangerous to save the six mice , so Jenny and Timmy go alone .
He asks Timmy to join him , but he refuses and is locked in a cage as Martin drags Jenny away .
They learn that a caterpillar named Cecil has teamed up with Jeremy , the crow from the first film , to trick people into paying them money .
A likeness of him is added to the statue of Jonathan and the people of Thorn Valley cheer .
The survivors -LRB- Timmy , Jenny , and her parents -RRB- flee .
He planned to use the lab rats and a flock of ravens to take over Thorn Valley .
One day he comes across a female mouse named Jenny , whose parents were two of the lost six mice who tried to escape NIMH but were thought to have died .
Seeking help , they visit the Great Owl .
Timmy later frees Jenny .
Timmy and Martin are able to escape through the lab 's skylight , with some help from Jeremy .
They take a hot air balloon , but it is attacked by a hawk and it crashes in the forest .
It tells the story of a mouse named Timothy Brisby , the youngest son of Jonathan and Mrs. Brisby , who goes to Thorn Valley wanting to become a hero like his father .
Jeremy takes the survivors to safety .
The film was made without the support of Don Bluth , the animator who created the original film .
They also learn that Dr. Valentine , the head scientist , has made Martin crazy .
See Simple Stub Project for more information .
However , stubs should not have on them for a long time .
They should be categorized into stub categories . See Simple Stub Project for more information .
They should be categorized into stub categories .
Robert KovaÄ -LRB- born 6 April 1974 -RRB- is a Croatian football player .
Antonio Meucci -LRB- Florence , April 13 , 1808 â `` October 18 , 1889 -RRB- was an Italian born American inventor . He invented of one of the first types of telephone developed a voice communication apparatus in 1857 .
If you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content .
Please do not replace Wikipedia pages with blank content .
The Doctrine of Implied repeal is an idea in English constitutional theory which states that an earlier law can not be used to amend or repeal a later law .
This doctrine is expressed in the Latin phrase `` leges posteriores priores contrarias abrogant '' - more recent law overwrites ealier law that says differently .
There are many types of irony , including :
Kung Fu Panda 2 is an animated movie , a sequel to Kung Fu Panda .
The last passenger car was withdrawn from service in 1988 .
The British Rail Class 105 diesel multiple units were built by Cravens Ltd. of Sheffield from 1956 to 1959 .
None were selected for refurbishment .
The class were built with a side profile identical to British Railways Mark 1 carriage stock , using the same doors and windows .
Guavas are plants in the genus Psidium of the myrtle family -LRB- Myrtaceae -RRB- . There are about 100 species of tropical shrubs and small trees in the genus .
The most common guava is Apple Guava -LRB- Psidium guajava -RRB- ; it is so common that the word guava usually refers to this species .
This category is for games released only for the Xbox 360 .
Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivi Ã re is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Karlheinz FÃ rster -LRB- born 25 July , 1958 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Shawn Horcoff -LRB- born September 17 , 1978 in Trail , British Columbia , Canada -RRB- is a professional Canadian ice hockey center that currently plays for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- and is the current captain of the team .
Horcoff played college hockey at Michigan State University where he drafted by the Edmonton Oilers in the 1998 NHL Draft .
The 1982 Formula One season was 33rd championship .
The champion was Keke Rosberg in a close battle .
He plays for JÃ bilo Iwata .
Tandil is a city of the Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the name for the largest Christian church in Egypt .
Most Christians in Egypt are Copts .
A video game based on the movie was published by Activision and was released on the Xbox 360 , Wii , Playstation 3 , Playstation 2 , Microsoft Windows , and Nintendo DS on June 30 , 2009 .
Manchester was given city status in 1853 .
The largest university in the UK , the University of Manchester , is located in the city .
Manchester is a city and metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester , England .
Also , Ahmedabad , India became the center of a booming textile industry , and it got the nickname `` the Manchester of the East . ''
Although not an official twin city , Tampere , Finland is known as `` the Manchester of Finland '' â `` or `` Manse '' for short .
The city has one of the biggest bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester area around the city .
Manchester Metropolitan University was created as Manchester Polytechnic on the merger of three colleges in 1970 .
First Manchester also operates three free bus services called Metroshuttle which carry workers around Manchester 's business areas .
The Manchester Ship Canal is open , but not many boats use it .
The University of Manchester , created in 2004 when Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST were combined , is the largest full-time non-collegiate university in the United Kingdom .
Northern Rail operates all over the north of England , and other operators include Virgin Trains .
Manchester is very well served by train and in terms of passengers , Manchester Piccadilly was the busiest English train station outside London in 2005 and 2006 .
In addition , the British Council has a `` metropolitan center '' in Manchester .
The Manchester Ship Canal was created by the digging of canals in the rivers Irwell and Mersey for 36 m from Salford to the Mersey estuary .
The Manchester Business School , located at the University of Manchester , was the first school to offer an MBA course in the United Kingdom in 1965 .
As of 2001 Manchester has a population of . The city is in the middle of the Greater Manchester Urban Area , which has 2,240,230 people , and is the United Kingdom 's third largest built-up place .
Greater Manchester has a very big railway network .
The city center has over a lot of park and ride sites .
The city has two Premier League football teams , Manchester City and Manchester United .
Manchester has twinning plans -LRB- or `` friendship agreements '' -RRB- with lots of places .
A big canal network runs though the city , built in the Industrial Revolution , today mainly used for leisure .
This let ocean going ships sail into the Port of Manchester .
It was given university status in 1992 , and in the same year , combined with Crewe and Alsager College of Higher Education , located in South Cheshire .
Manchester was the host of the 2002 Commonwealth Games . Manchester United and Manchester City are football teams in the area .
The Liverpool and Manchester Railway was the first passenger railway in the world .
There are many colleges and universities in and around St. Louis . Some of these are Washington University in St. Louis , Saint Louis University , Fontbonne University , and Lindenwood University .
Professional sports teams in St. Louis are :
There are many colleges and universities in and around St. Louis .
Blackpool Transport Services -LRB- BTS -RRB- is a bus and tram operator running within the boroughs of Blackpool and Fylde and into the surrounding area . This includes Fleetwood , Lytham St Annes , Poulton le Fylde and Kirkham .
BTS is wholly owned by Blackpool Borough Council . It makes it one of the few remaining municipal bus companies in the United Kingdom today .
When people learned how to make and work iron , the Bronze Age ended , and the Iron Age started .
Bronze is a metal alloy . Bronze is mostly copper , with some tin added -LRB- usually between 5 % and 20 % tin -RRB- .
The island was mined for guano until 1890 .
The island is named after Captain James Johnston , who discovered it in 1807 .
The county seat is Umatilla .
Umatilla County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon .
In 2003 , Iommi was listed at number 86 in Rolling Stone Magazine 's `` 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' issue .
Frank Anthony `` Tony '' Iommi -LRB- born 19 February 1948 , in Birmingham , England -RRB- is an English guitarist and songwriter . He is most famous for starting the heavy metal band Black Sabbath .
Pierre Jules ThÃ ophile Gautier -LRB- August 30 , 1811 â `` October 23 , 1872 -RRB- was a French poet , dramatist , novelist , journalist , and literary critic .
FourcÃ s is a commune in southwestern France . It is more precisely in Gascony , in the Gers department , in the region Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es .
In the neighborhood are numerous old castles , little medieval walled villages , small cities built around castles and `` sacred '' places , because the Via Podiensis and the Way of St. James of Compostela are going through the MontrÃ al and left their traces .
FourcÃ s is a typical medieval bastide , a little village where the houses are built in a circle to allow a proper defense .
The summers are long and warm ; the winters are soft and short .
Because of its landscapes and its vineyards the Gers is now and then called by some the `` Tuscany of France '' .
Neuffons is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
There is no country where everyone speaks Lojban , so nobody is born with a name in Lojban .
Lojban came from the language `` Loglan '' , another invented language .
Civrac-de-Blaye is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Maltot is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
As of now , there are only four such box sets .
The dispute could be taken as Chaiyo 's side of the story , as Tsuburaya was reported in the Japanese media to continue taking more action against them .
No other proof supporting this claim was known to exist .
The dubbed version considerably removed the nature of the character and general mood of the series , and possibly as a result it achieved only little success .
Tsuburaya Productions insisted and maintained that the contract was a fraud -LRB- due to some errors , including the some titles of the series in the document , such as Ultra Q being called `` Ultraman 1 : Ultra Q , '' Ultra Seven being called `` Ultraman 3 : Ultraman Seven , '' and Tsuburaya Productions being called `` Tsuburaya Prod .
In 2001 , the Ultra Series was added in the Guinness Book of World Records as the record holder for the most number of spin off shows .
The Ultra Series is the name for all the shows produced by Tsuburaya Productions featuring Ultraman , his many Kyodai -LRB- Brothers -RRB- , and the countless number of ultra beings and the Ultra Monsters .
The series has also been in the movie theaters , starting with Ultraman Zearth and Ultraman Zearth 2 , Ultraman Tiga : The Final Odyssey , released in 2000 , as well as ULTRAMAN , a movie that opened in December 2004 .
The supporters -LRB- except for fans -RRB- were also fined THB 15,000,000 -LRB- approx .
Sompote was also required to pay THB 10,700,000 plus interest at the rate of 7.5 per cent a year starting from December 16 , 1997 , when the original law for ultraman 's right was filed .
Productions after the original series are : Ultraseven -LRB- 1967 , TBS -RRB- , Return of Ultraman -LRB- 1971 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Ace -LRB- 1972 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Taro -LRB- 1973 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Leo -LRB- 1974 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman 80 -LRB- 1980 , TBS -RRB- , Ultraman Tiga -LRB- 1996 , MBS -RRB- , Ultraman Dyna -LRB- 1997 , MBS -RRB- , Ultraman Gaia -LRB- 1998 , MBS -RRB- , and Ultraman Cosmos -LRB- 2001 , MBS -RRB- .
This was because BCI had used audio from older recordings in which many scenes had to be cut or shortened for the American broadcast in order to fit running time .
Foreign productions include the 1987 Hanna-Barbera co-production Ultraman : The Adventure Begins -LRB- in Japanese , Ultraman USA -RRB- , an animated movie ; Ultraman : Towards The Future -LRB- in Japanese , Ultraman Great -RRB- , an Australian 1991 production and Ultraman : The Ultimate Hero -LRB- in Japanese , Ultraman Powered -RRB- , produced in the United States in 1993 .
In Japan , there have been several box sets that were released which would each contain a particular Ultra series .
Chaiyo gained permission to sell the original series , but lost the right to create and market its own Ultraman , or even use the original , without Tsuburaya permission .
A 3-disc box set containing the first 20 episodes of the series was released on July 18 , 2006 , and a second 3-disc box set containing the remaining 19 episodes was released on November 7 , 2006 .
During the time of the legal battle , Chaiyo created three of their own Ultras : Ultraman Millennium , Dark Ultraman -LRB- an evil Ultra -RRB- , and Ultraman Elite .
In other cases a large enough amount of energy can be provided to bring them back to life , usually provided by their human allies , even after being completely destroyed , as was the case with Mebius , death at the hands of Empera Seijin , only to be revived shortly thereafter by the life energy of his allies .
In this case , Ultramen almost always merge with a human host or create a human form for themselves in order to survive on Earth , more often than not reviving a rescently dead person with their own lifeforce -LRB- Hikari did not revive the dead person but he controlled him -RRB- .
The exact ruling fell into some dispute : Some said it only gave him selling rights for the first six Ultra Series -LRB- Ultra Q through Ultraman Taro -RRB- and Jumborg Ace outside Japan , and broadcasting rights of said shows within Thailand .
In the course of Max series , another new hero known as Ultraman Xenon was also introduced .
Some say another reason for Ultraman to recharge is because the Earth is badly polluted by humans , so Ultraman only has three minutes on Earth , but can survive long enough in outer space .
accepts 36 Ultramen as official -LRB- counting Ultraman Legend , the combined form of Ultramen Cosmos and Justice , as a separate ultra -RRB- .
The ruling ended the long legal battle by finding Sompote Saengduenchai was not a co creator of Ultraman .
At present , Tsuburaya Prod .
Ultraman 's licensing rights outside of Japan have been the subject of a long legal dispute between Tsuburaya Productions and Chaiyo Productions -LRB- also called Tsuburaya Chaiyo Co Ltd -RRB- based in Thailand .
Both sets feature the original Japanese dialogue track as well as the English dubbed version produced by United Artists for North American people .
The time limit only happens inside the Earth 's atmosphere but they have none of those problems in outer space .
-LRB- Contrary to BCI 's statements , the original English dubs were complete and uncut , except for a small cut in the conclusion of Episode 36 , `` Gift From The Sky . '' -RRB-
In 2005 the American company BCI Eclipse announced they had acquired the DVD rights to the original Ultraman from Chaiyo .
On February 5 , 2008 , the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions of Japan after they made an appeal to the initial ruling .
`` Project Ultraman '' went on a break as a result of the ruling , which said that even if Chaiyo owned the right to some of the Ultraman series , it did not own the right to Ultraman and his brothers , including the design .
The Ultraman Mebius and Ultra Brothers movie opened in September 2006 .
-LRB- The figure is 38 if Next , Noa , and Nexus are counted as separate ultra 's it has been revealed in Nexus that all three are a single being with many modes used by different hosts . -RRB-
This is marked by a blue light on the character 's body usually called the Color Timer -LRB- but Ultraseven , 21 , Nexus Anphans , and Next did not have a color timer -RRB- or `` warning light , '' which begins to blink red with increase in blinking as his energy supply goes down -LRB- and turns from gray to red -RRB- but Red warriors like Ultraseven had orb on their head instead of color timer .
The sets were released as part of the Digital Ultra movement where the shows would be re released with digital remastering .
This direct to video feature is co-copyrighted by both Toei -LRB- and its members , Toei Video and Ishimori Productions -RRB- and Tsuburaya Productions .
Tsuburaya had previously worked together with Chaiyo on the production of two movies , The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army and Jumborg Ace & Giant -- the latter of which featured another Tsuburaya superhero , Jumborg Ace -- in 1974 .
and Enterprises , '' a name the company never did business under -RRB- , and repeatedly opposed the issue .
After an 8-year battle in the courts of both countries , Sompote Saengduenchai was awarded a favorable decision on April 27 , 2004 .
Chaiyo also created a TV series he called `` Project Ultraman , '' un-aired as of late March 2008 , a joint project in China featuring his own Ultraman and attaching Hong Kong star , Ekin Cheng to the project .
Other accounts , usually reported in the Thai\/Asian media , said that Chaiyo had got the rights to those six shows everywhere outside Japan .
The final ruling saw Tsuburaya Productions as the main copyright owner .
In anger of the reason that the document failed to state clearly and exactly what had been given to Tsuburaya in exchange for these rights , Japanese and Thai courts accepted this contract as real and bonding , because of the supposed hanko of the late Noboru Tsuburaya in the document .
Tsuburaya decided not to market any of the disputed six Ultra Series outside Japan until it had completely settled the rights cases with Chaiyo , although the company continued to sell all of the Ultraman programs created after Ultraman Taro , including the theatrical feature Ultraman the Next , throughout the world .
Recently the studio tried a bringing back the stories of the hero through the `` Ultra N Project , '' which involved three heroes : Ultraman Noa -LRB- the `` mascot '' of the Ultra N Project , who appears in stage shows as well as the final episode of Ultraman Nexus -RRB- in 2003 , Ultraman Nexus -LRB- 2004 , CBC -RRB- , and ULTRAMAN -LRB- 2004 , Shochiku Productions -RRB- .
An episode of the Hoshi no Kirby anime series -LRB- `` Kirby : Right Back at Ya '' in America -RRB- contains an Ultraman reference , leading to the possibility that `` Tiga '' may have only been licensed in order to explain the reference -LRB- both shows debuted on the same day -RRB- .
This was followed by a return to past style series in the form of Ultraman Max -LRB- 2005 , CBC -RRB- .
It was followed by many other series .
On August 23 , 2006 , Tsuburaya Productions created a new law for ultraman 's right against Chaiyo for copyright -LRB- concerning their three original Ultraman characters -RRB- , and the court case was taken to China .
Tsuburaya Productions still held on to the complete original English dubbing materials , which they had obtained from a warehouse in 1997 , and refused to provide them for BCI .
Ultraman series have also been dubbed into many languages , including English , Spanish -LRB- only Ultra Q , the original Ultraman , Ultra Seven , Return of Ultraman , Ultraman Great & Ultraman Tiga were known to be translated into Spanish -RRB- , Portuguese -LRB- Ultraman , Ultraseven , Return of Ultraman and Ultraman Tiga -LRB- in Brazil -RRB- -RRB- , Korean , Malay , Mandarin and Cantonese .
The Ultra Series is one of the tokusatsu superhero productions from Japan , along with Kamen Rider Series , Super Sentai Series , and the Metal Hero Series .
Also of note is the American English dubbed version of Ultraman Tiga by 4Kids Entertainment that aired in 2002 .
Sompote Saengduenchai , founder\/president of Chaiyo Productions , claimed and maintained that in 1976 , the late Noboru Tsuburaya , Eiji 's son , who had died in 1995 , had given him and his company a contract which had given him rights to everything Ultraman outside Japanese territories in exchange for a monetary loan .
JPY 50,904,959 or USD 428,673.50 c. April 2007 -RRB- plus interest and attorneys ' fees .
In April 2007 , the Thailand Intellectual Property Court ruled in favor of Tsuburaya Productions , ordering Chaiyo to stop making commercial profits from Chaiyo produced Ultraman characters such as Millennium , Dark , and Elite .
An asterisk \* denotes shows -LRB- or movies -RRB- that has no Ultramen .
The `` Digital Ultra '' re release order of the series may not match the time order in which they were originally aired in Japan .
During this time the Ultra beings must either find a way to recharge or finish the fight as soon as possible , or forced to turn to human form , or worse , certain death .
The Ultra beings main weakness is that they can only stay on Earth in giant form for a small time , usually not longer than three minutes , because of the small amount of energy supply -LRB- Earth 's atmosphere decreases the solar energy -RRB- .
It also resulted in a slow coming down against Thai Ultraman fans , who were assumed to be outright Chaiyo supporters .
Another hero was also introduced : Ultraman Hikari , formerly known as Hunter Knight Tsurugi .
Because of the copyright dispute , sending literature on Ultraman into Singapore and Malaysia was stopped .
The decision ended Sompote 's bid to continue his enterprise , and the court gave Sompote 30 days to stop gaining money from Ultraman .
In 1993 , Tsuburaya Productions and Toei Company co-produced Ultraman vs. Kamen Rider , a connection with the original Ultraman and Toei 's Kamen Rider Ichigo .
The Chinese courts in Beijing opened `` The Ultraman Copyright Study Group '' in response to the law for ultraman 's right .
At certain times , the English dialogue track changed to the Japanese dialogue for small time .
The direct to video -LRB- releasing in market than in theaters -RRB- market also saw the release of Ultraman Neos in 2000 , as well as special features for Ultraman Tiga , Dyna , and Gaia , who have teamed up in theatrical features -LRB- Tiga and Dyna once , as well as the three of them all together -RRB- .
In the course of the legal battle , Sompote presented photos of himself sharing his photos of Thai Buddhist stating that Eiji had based Ultraman 's face on the said structure , a claim which he has continued to hold since the dispute began .
The Satanic Verses is a novel by Salman Rushdie .
In biology , a filament is a long chain of proteins , such as those found in hair , muscle , or in flagella .
Yoshio Okada -LRB- born 11 August 1926 - died 22 June 2002 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Longvillers is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
He plays for Chelsea .
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa -LRB- born 17 June 1982 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Henry Gray 's Anatomy of the Human Body -LRB- or Gray 's Anatomy -RRB- is an English-language human anatomy textbook .
It was first called Gray 's Anatomy : Descriptive and Surgical in the United Kingdom in 1858 , and in the United States in 1859 .
jpg thumb -LRB- 257x344 -RRB- px right Carol Burnett -RRB- -RRB- Carol Burnett is an American singer , writer , dancer , actress and comedian .
Merelbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Users may click on a story to leave a comment .
MLIA has received more than 100,000 stories .
Most of the users are students in high school or college .
If enough users vote that the story is worthy of being posted , then it becomes the first story on the home page , and will later be pushed down the page .
The co-founder of the site , Guru Khalsa , says that MLIA tries to `` bring to light how much stupid and boring stuff gets posted on the Internet . ''
In the 1930s she composed the Concerto for Two Pianos , Choeurs , Saxophones and Orchestra , the Violin Concerto , the Operas `` ZoulaÃ na '' and `` Le Marin de Bolivar '' , and her masterwork , `` La Cantate de Narcisse '' , which she wrote with Paul ValÃ ry .
Germaine Tailleferre -LRB- born Saint Maur Des FossÃ s , France , 19 April 1892 ; died Paris , 7 November 1983 -RRB- was a French composer . She was one of the members of the famous group Les Six .
Ravel encouraged her to enter the Prix de Rome Competition .
Tailleferre wrote many of her most important works during the 1920s , including her 1st Piano Concerto , The Harp Concertino , the Ballets `` Le Marchand d'Oiseaux '' -LRB- the most often performed ballet in the repertoire of the Ballets SuÃ doises during the 1920s -RRB- and `` La Nouvelle CythÃ re '' which Diaghilev had asked her to write for his ballet company .
She was called Marcelle Taillefesse when she was born . When she was grown up she changed her last name to `` Tailleferre '' just to annoy her father because he had refused to let her study music .
She studied piano with her mother at home , composing short works of her own and then began studying at the Paris Conservatoire . There she met Louis Durey , Francis Poulenc , Darius Milhaud , Georges Auric and Arthur Honegger .
Her work in film music included `` Le Petit Chose '' .
They divorced shortly afterwards .
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
In 1925 , she married Ralph Barton , an American caricaturist , and moved to Manhattan , New York .
In 1923 Tailleferre began to spend a great deal of time with Maurice Ravel at his home in Monfort-L ` Amaury .
Please do not substitute it as this makes it hard to add references at a later date :
This is a list of references used in Timeline of spaceflight related articles .
Crosswords DS -LRB- also known as CrossworDS -RRB- is a crosswords video game made by Nuevo Retro Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console .
TAS was the first Star Trek series to win an Emmy Award .
The success of the original live action series and fan pressure for a Star Trek revival led to The Animated Series from 1973-1974 , as the source of new adventures of the Enterprise crew , the next being the live-action feature film 1979 's Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
The animated series was aired under the name Star Trek , but it has become more known under this longer name -LRB- or abbreviated as ST : TAS or TAS -RRB- to make it different from the original live action Star Trek .
Star Trek is a animated science fiction television series created by Gene Roddenberry that is based on and contiunes the story of the original series .
Magnolia is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
In the 2000s , the role of gene duplication , the extent of adaptive molecular evolution versus neutral genetic drift , and the identification of molecular changes responsible for various human characteristics especially those pertaining to infection , disease , and cognition .
Molecular systematics has been made possible by techniques for sequence analysis . This gives the exact sequence of nucleotides or bases in either DNA or RNA .
Some of the key topics have been the evolution of enzyme function , the use of nucleic acid changes as a molecular clock to study species divergence , and the origin of non-functional or junk DNA .
Molecular evolution emerged as a scientific field in the 1960s as researchers from molecular biology , evolutionary biology and population genetics sought to understand the structure and function of nucleic acids and protein .
At present it is still expensive to sequence the entire genome of an organism , but it has been done for over 100 species .
Molecular evolution is the process of evolution in DNA , RNA , and proteins .
Molecular systematics is the process of using data on the DNA , RNA , or proteins to resolve questions in phylogeny and taxonomy .
Recent advances in genomics , including whole-genome sequencing , and bioinformatics have led to a dramatic increase in studies on the topic .
In pre-modern society , the ordeal typically was done together with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a verdict .
Johannes Hartlieb in 1456 reports a popular superstition on how to identify a thief by an ordeal by ingestion practiced privately without judicial sanction .
Priestly cooperation in trials by fire and water was forbidden by Pope Innocent III at the Fourth Lateran Council of 1215 , and replaced by compurgation .
The practice has been shown to exist in polytheistic cultures as far back as the Code of Hammurabi and the Code of Ur-Nammu , and in animist tribal societies , such as the trial by ingestion of `` red water '' -LRB- calabar bean -RRB- in Sierra Leone . There the intended effect is magical rather than invocation of a deity 's justice .
Trials by ordeal became more rare over the Late Middle Ages , often replaced by confessions extracted under torture , but the practice was discontinued only in the 16th century .
Indeed , the term ordeal itself , Old English ordÇ # l , has the meaning of `` judgment , verdict '' -LRB- German Urteil , Dutch oordeel -RRB- , from Proto-Germanic \* uzdailjam `` that which is dealt out '' .
Sullivan is a city of Illinois in the United States .
These references to the gods include a character comparing a mortal woman to a god , or saying he would rather be loved by a woman than by the gods .
Whether to honor a character or to mock him , these references were demeaning to the gods .
It is not uncommon , either , for a character to scorn the gods . This can be seen in Poenulus and Rudens .
Plautus perhaps does this to further demoralize the characters .
Naeviusâ imprisonment and eventual exile is a case of state censorship . This fear of censorship may have influenced Plautusâ choice of what he wrote about and how he wrote about it .
The plays were first shown between c. 205 BC and 184 BC .
He called himself `` Macchius '' -LRB- a clownish character in popular farces -RRB- , and `` Plautus '' -LRB- a term meaning `` flat-footed '' -RRB- .
In this way , Plautus could greatly simplify complex characters and give the audience what it wanted . â The audience to whose tastes Plautus catered was not interested in the character play , â instead it wanted humor that was easy to understand by many people .
This might be when he started to love the theater .
His comedies are among the earliest works of Latin literature that has not been lost .
As Walter Juniper wrote , â Everything , including artistic characterization and consistency of characterization , were sacrificed to humor , and character portrayal remained only where it was necessary for the success of the plot and humor to have a persona who stayed in character , and where the persona by his portrayal contributed to humor .
For example , in Miles Gloriosus , the titular â braggart soldierâ Pyrgopolynices only shows his vain and immodest side in the first act , while the parasite Artotrogus exaggerates Pyrgopolynicesâ achievements . Artotrogus creates more and more ludicrous claims that Pyrgopolynices agrees to without question .
Any character in his plays could be compared to a god .
Plautus is sometimes accused of teaching the public indifference and mockery of the gods .
Young men , meant to represent the upper social class , often make fun of the gods in their remarks .
Pyrgopolynices from Miles Gloriosus -LRB- vs. 1265 -RRB- , in bragging about his long life , says he was born one day later than Jupiter .
Naevius is most famous for having been imprisoned by the Metelli and the Scipiones -- two powerful families of the late third century .
Tolliver argues that drama both reflects and foreshadows social change .
Usually the only characters that scorn a god are those of low standing , like a pimp .
In Pseudolus , Jupiter is compared to Ballio the pimp .
Little is known about Plautus ' early life .
These two are perfect examples of the stock characters of the pompous soldier and the desperate parasite that appeared in Plautine comedies .
The state controlled stage productions , and Plautusâ plays would have been banned , had they been too risky .
It is likely that there was already much skepticism about the gods in Plautusâ time .
He fought in the First Punic War and his birth , therefore , is placed around the year 280 B.C.E. His first tragedy took place in 235 B.C.E. Plautus would have been living at the exact time as Naevius , but began writing later .
Soldiers often bring ridicule among the gods .
Parasites , pimps , and courtesans often praise the gods with little ceremony .
Plautus did not make up or encourage irreverence to the gods , but used the ideas of his time .
Gnaeus Naevius was another Roman playwright of the late third century BC . He wrote tragedies and even founded the fabula praetexta -LRB- history plays -RRB- , in which he dramatized historical events .
There 's currently no solid evidence to suggest that raw food is more healthy than cooked food .
Brusvily is a commune . It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .
Robert Smith -LRB- November 3 , 1757 â `` November 26 , 1842 -RRB- was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811 .
He was the brother of Senator Samuel Smith .
Recipe for Hate is the seventh album by American punk rock band Bad Religion , released on the Californian independent record label Epitaph Records in 1993 .
The album got the band 's highest U.S. chart position to date , debuting at # 14 on Billboard 's Heatseekers chart , and scored the radio hits `` American Jesus '' and `` Struck a Nerve '' .
Despite being released on a major label , Recipe for Hate initially received mixed reviews from music critics , who generally found it to be less impressive than Bad Religion 's older albums , but it has gained a cult following in recent times .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
The academic and usually ethnographic study of folklore is sometimes called folkloristics .
Folklore is the body of expressive culture , including tales , music , dance , legends , oral history , proverbs , jokes , popular beliefs , customs , and more within a particular people . This also includes the oral traditions of that culture , subculture , or group .
Vendin-l Ã s-B Ã thune is a commune .
Vendin-l Ã s-B Ã thune is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He also played for the Montreal Canadiens in 1996 and for the Nashville Predators from 1998 to 2006 before being traded to the Florida Panthers for a first-round selection in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , a second-round selection in the 2007 draft -LRB- number 58 -RRB- and a conditional second-round selection in either 2007 or 2008 .
Sheffield is a city of Iowa in the United States .
According to Dzogchen , the rainbow body is a sign of complete mastery of the Dzogchen view .
Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche states : â The realized Dzogchen practitioner , no longer deluded by apparent substantiality or dualism such as mind and matter , releases the energy of the elements that compose the physical body at the time of deathâ .
More chlorine would make iodine trichloride .
Iodine monochloride , also known as iodine -LRB- I -RRB- chloride , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is ICl .
Iodine monochloride , also known as iodine -LRB- I -RRB- chloride , is a chemical compound .
Vujadin BoÅ kov -LRB- born 16 May 1931 -RRB- is a former Serbian football player .
Very often the shops and restaurants that serve fish and chips do not have a license to serve alcohol .
Of these , cod is by far the most popular . Other fish with white meat can be used as well , for example whiting or plaice .
Bulletstorm is a first-person shooter video game made by People Can Fly and Epic Games for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows .
Electronic Arts responded to this saying , `` As you know , Bulletstorm is a work of entertainment fiction ... The game and its marketing adhere to all guidelines set forth by the ESRB ; both designed for people 17 + ... Much like Tarantino 's Kill Bill or Rodriguez 's Sin City , this game is an expression of creative entertainment for adults . ''
The headquarters of the Commissioner were at Multan , or , in the hot season , at .
According to the 1881 census of India the population of the area now included was 2,036,956 , in 1891 it had risen to 2,277,605 , and in 1901 to 3,014,675 .
The Division was abolished in 1884 , but reconstituted in 1901 .
The division lay between 28 Â 25 ' and 33 Â 13 N and 69 Â 19 ' and 73 Â 39 E , the Sutlej divided it from Bahawalpur on the south-east , while the Indus flowed partly through the Division and partly along its border to the west .
Multan Division was created during British Rule in the subcontinent .
Title of Meresankh was King 's Wife .
Name of Meresankh appears on a fragment of the Palermo Stone .
There is no devolution to Cornwall yet .
It refers to both the cytosol -LRB- the actual liquid -RRB- , a cells organelles , but not the nucleus -LRB- or the cell membrane -RRB- . The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus , and is home to the other organelles .
The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus , and is home to the other organelles . The cytoplasm consists mainly of cytosol , and crucial chemical reactions happen with it .
Piccio is an Italian surname .
The name was said as Thrym in IAU Circular 8177 .
It was found by Gladman , et al . in 2000 , and given the designation S\/2000 S 7 .
Thrymr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,810,000 km in 1120.809 days , at an inclination of 175 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 151 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.453 .
However , the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending - r to the root Thrym .
Its name comes from Norse mythology , where Thrymr is a Jotun or frost giant .
Thrymr or Saturn XXX , is a moon of Saturn .
Thrymr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past .
Saint-Martin-le-Ch Ã cents tel is a commune .
Garni -LRB- '' Ô Õ Õ 1\/4 Õ Õ `` '' in Armenian -RRB- is a village in the Armenian province of Kotayk ' , situated approx .
There is a statue of the mermaid in the harbor of Copenhagen .
The Little Mermaid is a fairy tale written by Hans Christian Andersen .
Fort Campbell is a United States Army fort found between Hopkinsville , Kentucky , and Clarksville , Tennessee .
The fort is named after William Bowen Campbell , the last Governor of Tennessee .
The Bash is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event by professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- .
As surveying is related to mathematics , he later studied the geometrical importance of complex numbers .
Johan Herman Wessel , Wessel 's brother was a famous person in Danish-Norwegian books .
Wessel 's thoughts on addition was : `` Two straight lines are added if we unite them in such a way that the second line begins where the first one ends and then pass a straight line from the first to the last point of the united lines .
In 1763 , having completed secondary school , he went to Denmark for further studies -LRB- since Norway did n't have any university in 1763 -RRB- .
Since it was in Danish , it was not noticed by many people . Later , Jean-Robert Argand and Carl Friedrich Gauss 's paper showed the same results .
Wessel 's main thing he wanted to show in the paper was not this , but he felt that the concept of numbers , with length and direction would be needed .
His paper was printed in a French translation in 1899 . It was released in English in 1999 as `` On the analytic representation of direction '' -LRB- ed .
In 1778 he acquired got degree of candidatus juris .
In 1794 he was hired as a surveyor ; in 1798 , a Royal inspector of Surveying .
This line is the sum of the united lines '' .
Today , the same idea is used when adding vectors .
He was born in Jonsrud , Vestby , Akershus , Norway .
Caspar Wessel -LRB- June 8 , 1745 â `` March 25 , 1818 -RRB- was a Danish-Norwegian mathematician .
J. LÃ 1\/4 tzen et al . -RRB- .
His most important paper , Om directionens analytiske betegning , -LRB- On the Analytical Representation of Direction -RRB- was published in 1799 by the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters .
Craig Brown CBE -LRB- born 1 July 1940 in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire -RRB- is a Scottish former professional football player and manager .
Ewerthon -LRB- born 10 June 1981 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
The area south of this circle is named the Antarctic , and the zone to the north is the Southern Temperate Zone .
In the Antarctic Circle , all places have twenty-four hours of daylight on the Summer Solstice in December .
There are research centers from some nations on Antarctica . Teams of scientists live in the research centers for part of the year .
At least three children have been born in Antarctica .
The continent of Antarctica is a land mass that is most of the area within the Antarctic Circle .
In past centuries some whaling stations were set up on Antarctica and some of the whalers would live there for a year or more .
There is a minimum of one whole day that the sun does not set and one whole day that the sun does not rise .
The Antarctic Circle is one of the five major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth .
There is no permanent population of persons south of the Antarctic Circle .
All Class 365 units in service have now received front end cab modifications to equip them with cab air conditioning .
The British Rail Class 365 `` Networker Express '' are dual-voltage -LRB- 25kV AC and 750V DC -RRB- electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994-95 .
These were the last units to be built at York works before it closed .
This category contain pro wrestling related articles that happened in 2010 .
Bowling Green is a town of Virginia in the United States .
He knew that on the summer solstice at local noon at the city now called Aswan on the Tropic of Cancer , the sun would appear at the zenith , directly overhead .
He calculated the tilt of the earth 's axis -LRB- again with remarkable accuracy -RRB- ; he may also have accurately calculated the distance from the earth to the sun and invented the leap day .
Assuming that Alexandria was due north of Syene he concluded that the distance from Alexandria to Syene must be 1\/50 of the total circumference of the earth .
He rounded the result to a final value of 700 stadia per degree , which implies a circumference of 252,000 stadia .
He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the Earth -LRB- with remarkable accuracy -RRB- , and he invented a system of latitude and longitude .
He also knew , from measurement , that in Alexandria , the angle of elevation of the sun would be 1\/50 of a full circle -LRB- 7 Â 12 ' -RRB- south of the zenith at the same time .
The common Attic stadium was about 185 m , which would imply a circumference of 46,620 km , which is 16.3 % too large .
The exact size of the stadion he used is frequently argued .
Eratosthenes measured the circumference of the earth without leaving Egypt .
He created a map of the world based on the available geographical knowledge of the era .
His estimated distance between the cities was 5000 stadia -LRB- about 500 geographical miles or 800km -RRB- by estimating the time that he had taken to travel from Syene to Alexandria by camel .
Faux-Villecerf is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Vision of Ezra is the name of an ancient apocryphal text , whose authorship is associated to Ezra , the scribe .
Just like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra , the text shows a clearly christian origin .
Hobart is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .
Anzonico is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Final Fantasy VII is a fantasy role-playing video game for the Playstation . It was released in 1997 by Square Co. , Ltd. -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- .
Music from the game has been released on an original four-disc soundtrack , a single disc album of some arranged tracks titled Final Fantasy VII Reunion Tracks , and piano-only arrangement of some tracks .
Several tracks from the game have come back in Square -LRB- and Square Enix -RRB- productions that came after Final Fantasy VII , including Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children .
It can also refer to the mode of growth , i.e. numeric models for describing how much a particular quantity grows over time :
Growth means an increase in some quantity over time .
There is also a natural pearl and a cultured pearl .
These pearls are harvested after a few years .
Cultured pearls are made by tiny bead being purposely put into the oysters to begin making pearls . These pearls are harvested after a few years .
Pearls are often used for jewelry .
Cultured pearls are made by tiny bead being purposely put into the oysters to begin making pearls .
Salt water pearls come from oysters that live in the oceans .
Pearls are a kind of material made by mollusks , like oysters . Pearls are small and often white but sometimes in pale colors or even black .
There is also a natural pearl and a cultured pearl . Natural pearls are made by oysters accidentally , and are very rare .
There are two kinds of pearls : salt water pearls and fresh water pearls .
Yasunobu Chiba -LRB- born 11 April 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
John Fredrik Reinfeldt -LRB- born August 4 , 1965 -RRB- is the Prime Minister of Sweden .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk made many changes that made Turkey more modern .
Ferdinand is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Eliza McCardle Johnson -LRB- October 4 , 1810 - January 15 , 1876 -RRB- was the wife of Andrew Johnson , the 17th President of the United States .
Pietroasa is a commune in Bihor County , in the northwestern part of Romania .
He was one of the few players of Slovak descent in the NHL 's younger years if not the first one ever .
He was brother-in-law to another NHL legend of Slovak descent Rudy Migay who played for Toronto Maple Leafs .
Although he played just a single season in the NHL , Backor made it count as he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup in 1945 .
After that season he spent the next 11 years playing in the minor leagues for the Pittsburgh Hornets of the AHL with whom he won the Calder Cup in 1952 , the Hollywood Wolves of the PCHL and the Sault Ste . Marie Indians of the NOHL .
Backor retired from hockey in 1956 .
Peter Backor -LRB- April 29 , 1919 in Fort William , Ontario â `` June 30 , 1988 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played briefly for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the NHL .
The British Rail Class 306 was a type of electric multiple unit -LRB- EMU -RRB- introduced in 1949 .
It consisted of 92 three-car trains which were used on newly electrified suburban lines between Shenfield and London Liverpool Street .
Masaya Nishitani -LRB- born 16 September 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Matt drives the # 17 Crown Royal Ford Fusion . He has won one NASCAR Sprint Cup Championship .
Josep Carreras i Coll -LRB- born December 5 , 1946 in Barcelona , Spain -RRB- , better known as JosÃ Carreras , is a tenor opera singer .
He established JosÃ Carreras International Leukemia Foundation in Barcelona on July 14 , 1988 .
For instance , in 2006 , Lavigne voiced a character in the movie Over the Hedge .
Other than the album 's lead single , `` What the Hell '' , Lavigne described the songs on Goodbye Lullaby as different from her earlier songs .
A month after The Best Damn Tour was completed , Lavigne began recording in her home studio in November 2008 with the song `` Black Star '' . It was written to promote her first fragrance also called Black Star .
`` Darlin '' was written by her when she was 15 years old , and living in Napanee , Ontario .
It was played over the end credits . It was also included on the soundtrack , Almost Alice .
Thanks to the success of her first three singles , Complicated , Sk8er Boi and I 'm With You , Lavigne , then a teenager , became the second artist in history to have three number 1 songs from a debut album on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 .
Other than the album 's lead single , `` What the Hell '' , Lavigne described the songs on Goodbye Lullaby as different from her earlier songs . She said she was older , so her music was not so pop-rock now .
Lavigne explained these delays . She said , `` I write my own music and , therefore , it takes me longer to put out records 'cause I have to live my life to get inspiration . ''
On June 27 , 2005 , Lavigne and Whibley became engaged .
She said that it was easy for her to do a `` boy-bashing pop song , '' but it was different to write about something `` that 's really close to me , something I 've been through . ''
Lavigne said the album was about `` life '' .
The release dates for Goodbye Lullaby and its lead single were pushed back many times .
In February 2004 , Lavigne began dating Canadian singer , Deryck Whibley , the lead singer\/guitarist of pop punk band Sum 41 .
On October 9 , 2009 , Lavigne filed for divorce .
On 28 February , Lavigne performed at the concert portion of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony . She sang `` My Happy Ending '' and `` Girlfriend '' .
In January 2010 , when she was writing and recording for the new album , Lavigne worked with Disney . This was on clothing designs inspired by those in Tim Burton 's feature film , Alice in Wonderland .
Lavigne had written some of these songs when she was young .
She asked the executives if she could write a song for the film .
The lead single , `` What the Hell '' , premiered on Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve on 31 December .
In November , Lavigne said in Maxim , that Goodbye Lullaby took two and a half years to complete . She said her record company had led to the delays .
By July 2009 , she had recorded nine tracks of the new album . These songs included `` Everybody Hurts '' and `` Darlin '' .
Goodbye Lullaby was released on 8 March in the US .
Endingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
William Harrison `` Jack '' Dempsey -LRB- June 24 , 1895 â `` May 31 , 1983 -RRB- was an American boxer who held the world heavyweight title between 1919 and 1926 .
It was during this fight where the `` Long Count '' took place .
Dempsey knocked Tunney down in the seventh round .
He defended the title six times before losing it to Gene Tunney in 1926 . They had a rematch in 1927 and Tunney again beat Dempsey .
The referee would not start counting until Dempsey went to a neutral corner , so it is estimated that Tunney had as many as fourteen seconds to rise -LRB- instead of the usual ten -RRB- .
Ciry-Salsogne is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Jill Eikenberry at the 41st Emmy Awards cropped . jpg thumb -LRB- 233x348 -RRB- px right Jill Eikenberry -RRB- -RRB- Jill Eikenberry is an American actress .
Grenade , also called Grenade-sur-Garonne , is a commune of the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France .
ChevillÃ is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
A&M Records of Canada , Ltd. was also formed in 1970 , and A&M Records of Europe in 1977 .
A&M Records , Ltd. was started in 1970 .
A&M records were first sold in the United Kingdom by EMI 's Stateside Records label . It then sold records under the A&M name with Pye Records until 1967 .
â Finding the name Carnival was already being used , they changed the name to A&M , after their names , Alpert and Moss .
They made 2 records under the name â Carnival Records .
In 1979 , A&M made an agreement with RCA Records -LRB- which later became BMG -RRB- to distribute its records in the US , and with CBS Records in many other countries .
From 1966 to 1999 , the company 's office was on the grounds of the historic Charlie Chaplin Studio at 1416 N. La Brea Avenue , near Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood .
A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group which operates through the Interscope-Geffen-A & M division .
A&M Records was started by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss .
Within 10 years of starting , A&M became the world 's largest independent record company .
Begging the question is commonly known as circular reasoning , though they are not exactly the same .
Begging the question is a fallacy .
Vehicle insurance -LRB- also called auto insurance or car insurance is a kind of insurance that protects people if they have a car accident .
Usually , a mahout starts as a boy , when he is given a young elephant so that they become attached to each other .
A mahout is a person who drives an elephant .
Kevin Nolan -LRB- born 24 June 1982 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Newcastle United .
Dildos are also used during sex with more than one person , though .
Lester Bowles `` Mike '' Pearson , PC , OM , CC , OBE -LRB- April 23 , 1897 â `` December 27 , 1972 -RRB- was the 14th Prime Minister of Canada from 1963 to 1968 . He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1957 for organizing the first peacekeeping force .
As Prime Minister , Pearson 's government created universal health care and the Canada Pension Plan . He also changed the flag of Canada .
Death is the termination of life in a living system , or the state of that organism after that event .
He has played for Japan national team .
Koji Funamoto -LRB- born 12 August 1942 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Vaugines is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
A camera that takes one picture at a time is sometimes called a still camera . A camera that can take many pictures in a row is called a movie camera .
In Eastern Christian traditions -LRB- Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy -RRB- , as well as some Western traditions , it is seen as a state of separation from God , a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the `` Mediator '' and `` Great Physician '' .
Bunyan 's book is based on his own journey between Bedford and Luton . The steep slope leading into Ampthill was the model for the ` Hill of Difficulty ' .
In 1675 , the house gave John Bunyan the idea for the ` House Beautiful ' in his book The Pilgrim 's Progress .
Houghton House was built in 1621 by Mary , Countess of Pembroke and brother of the poet Sir Philip Sidney .
The castle was built in the 15th century by Sir John Cornwall , later Lord Fanhope . He used money he had made from ransoms after the Battle of Agincourt .
Houghton House passed to the Duke of Bedford in 1738 and became a ruin after the roof was taken off in 1794 .
In 1242 , King Henry III gave Ampthill the right to hold a market on Thursdays .
The name ` Ampthill ' comes from an Anglo-Saxon word , ` Aemethyll ' , which means either ` ant-heap ' or ` ant infested hill ' .
The castle is now gone but there are some interesting parts of castle life still in existence . This includes ponds , such as West Minster Pond , made to hold and grow fish for food for the castle .
Henry VIII was often visited Ampthill Castle . Katherine of Aragon lived at the castle from 1531 until she was divorced in 1533 , when she was moved to Kimbolton .
In the Domesday Book , Ampthill is called ` Ammetelle ' , with the landholder in 1086 being Nigel de la Vast .
With the SPD 's 42 % and the Greens ' 7 % , a coalition government could be formed .
By 2005 he was the second longest-serving foreign minister in German postwar history -LRB- after Hans-Dietrich Genscher -RRB- .
Fischer 's appearance before the committee took twelve hours .
He has also spoken at other American universities , notably Brandeis University , on various topic in foreign affairs and international relations .
He is known as a good friend of Kofi Annan .
Fischer says that these attacks , especially the kidnapping and murder of Hanns-Martin Schleyer , made him give up violence as a way to get political change .
A parliamentary committee was established to examine the case , and unlike in other such committee hearings , Fischer 's statement -LRB- and that of other top officials -RRB- was shown live on public TV .
-LRB- See German Visa Affair 2005 -RRB- .
He justified this war with allegations that Serbia was planning to commit genocide against the Kosovo Albanians .
His nickname Joschka is from JÃ ska , which is the Hungarian nickname for Joseph .
These trainers are now on display in a museum in Bonn .
This was very extremely controversial within the largely pacifist Green Party , because it meant that , for the first time since World War II , German soldiers would actively go into combat .
In May 1981 the Minister of Economics of the state of Hesse , Heinz-Herbert Karry , was murdered . The gun that killed the minister was stolen from an American army base in 1973 , and Fischer 's car was used in the robbery .
He cashed in on his weight loss by writing the book My long race towards myself about his experience , which became an immediate bestseller .
Fischer was again Environment Minister in Hessen from 1991 to 1994 , and , later on , became co-chairman of the Greens parliamentary party in the Bundestag .
Until 1996 , Fischer had been an outspoken lover of good wines and food . He often bet cases of expensive wine with other politicians on the outcome of elections .
After the defeat of the coalition government in the 2005 election , Fischer announced that he would retire to the backbench .
After several weeks of talks between Social Democrats and Greens , the new government took power on 27 October 1998 .
In 1999 Fischer supported German participation in the Kosovo War .
He was a leading figure in the German Green Party and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in Germany for most of the government 's duration .
The following sources reflect the views of U.S. adversaries of Fischer and his policies , especially Germany 's decision not to participate in the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq .
Within a short time he lose a lot of weight .
Fischer writes a monthly commentary series , `` The Rebel Realist '' , for Project Syndicate , a non-profit association of newspapers around the world .
In September 1998 the Social Democrats , led by Gerhard SchrÃ der , beat the Christian Democrat government of Helmut Kohl .
He left office on 22 November 2005 .
`` After 20 years of power , now I want my freedom back '' , he was quoted as saying .
He had also been doing fitness training and even running marathons .
Fischer was born in Gerabronn in Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg . His parents were Germans from Hungary .
On 13 October 2005 , it was announced that Frank-Walter Steinmeier -LRB- SPD -RRB- would succeed Fischer as Foreign Minister .
Since the beginning of September 2006 Joschka Fischer has been a senior fellow at the Liechtenstein Institute on Self-Determination at Princeton University , a visiting professor at Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University .
From 1983 to 1985 , Fischer was a member of the Bundestag for the Green party .
Fischer was also in favor of stationing German troops in Afghanistan , but he advised SchrÃ der not to join the war in Iraq .
Fischer dropped out of high school in 1965 , and started working for a photographer which he quit in 1966 .
Joseph Martin `` Joschka '' Fischer -LRB- born German foreign minister and Vice Chancellor in the government of Gerhard SchrÃ der from 1998 to 2005 .
Fischer caused a stir when he arrived to take his oath of office ceremony wearing trainers .
In 2005 Fischer was accused by critics of carelessly relaxing controls on visa regulations for Ukraine , thus allowing many illegal immigrants to enter Germany with fake identities .
In the German Autumn of 1977 , there were a lot of terrorist attacks by the Red Army Faction -LRB- RAF -RRB- .
Fischer became Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Stockhausen died on 5 December 2007 .
Ulrich Biesinger -LRB- born 6 August , 1933 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Jun Ando -LRB- born 8 October 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kyoto Sanga .
Both practical and theoretical research continues with interest , and many national government and military funding agencies support quantum computing research to develop quantum computers for both civilian and national security purposes , such as cryptanalysis .
A theoretical model is the quantum Turing machine , also known as the universal quantum computer .
Experiments have been done . In these , a very small number of operations were done on qubits -LRB- quantum bit -RRB- .
The basic principle behind quantum computation is that quantum properties can be used to represent data and perform operations on it .
If large-scale quantum computers can be built , they will be able to solve some problems much faster than any computer that exists today -LRB- such as Shor 's algorithm -RRB- . Quantum computers are different from other computers such as DNA computers and traditional computers based on transistors .
The idea is that quantum computers can use certain phenomena from Quantum mechanics , such as superposition and entanglement , to perform operations on data .
The basic principle behind quantum computation is that quantum properties can be used to represent data and perform operations on it . A theoretical model is the quantum Turing machine , also known as the universal quantum computer .
The Borkum and Helgoland camps were `` volunteer '' -LRB- Hilfswillige -RRB- labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the Sylt and Norderney camps .
In 1942 , Lager Norderney , containing Russian and Polish POWs , and Lager Sylt , holding Jews , were placed under the control of the SS HauptsturmfÃ 1\/4 hrer Max List .
-LRB- For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : EndlÃ sung â `` The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see -RRB- .
Lager Helgoland was filled with Russian Organisation Todt workers .
Sylt camp held Jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
It was organised by the Schutzstaffel - SS-Baubrigade I -- which was first under supervision of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and since mid-February 1943 ran under the Neuengamme camp in northern Germany .
The Germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the Neuengamme concentration camp -LRB- located in Hamburg , Germany -RRB- .
Lager Norderney was a Nazi concentration camp on Alderney , in the Channel Islands , named after the East Frisian island of Norderney .
700 people died in the Alderney concentration camps -LRB- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -RRB- .
Each subcamp was named after one of the Frisian Islands : Lager Norderney located at Saye , Lager Borkum at Platte Saline , Lager Sylt near the old telegraph tower at La FoulÃ re and Lager Helgoland , situated in the northwest corner of the island .
It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt , a forced labor program , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air-raid shelters , and concrete fortifications .
Norderney camp housed European -LRB- usually Eastern but including Spaniard -RRB- and Russian enforced labourers .
Over 700 of the inmates lost their lives before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to Germany in 1944 .
Lager Borkum was used for German technicians and volunteers from different countries of Europe .
The prisoners in Lager Norderney and Lager Sylt were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney .
These were the only Nazi concentration camps on British soil .
Harcourt is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Twin Dragons -LRB- 1992 -RRB- -LRB- also known as Brother vs. Brother and When Dragons Collide -RRB-
These 3 stars are named by astronomers as Î Ori -LRB- Alnitak -RRB- , Î Ori -LRB- Alnilam -RRB- , and Î Ori -LRB- Mintaka -RRB- .
Orion 's Belt or Belt of Orion is belt of 3 stars in one line in the constellation Orion .
Nathalia Goyannes Dill Orrico , better known as Nathalia Dill -LRB- March 24 , 1986 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian actress .
Like most sauropods , it had a long neck and a small skull .
Its fossils have been found in Egypt , Niger , and in several different locations in the Sahara Desert .
Aegyptosaurus was discovered and named by a German paleontologist named Ernst Stromer in 1932 .
Aegyptosaurus was a close relative of Argentinosaurus , a much larger dinosaur that lived in South America at about the same time .
Aegyptosaurus , meaning `` Egypt 's Lizard '' after the country where it was discovered -LRB- comes from the Greek word sauros , which means ` lizard ' -RRB- , is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived in Africa around 95 million years ago , during the Late Cretaceous period .
All known specimens were discovered before 1939 .
The animal 's long tail probably acted as a counterweight to its body mass. .
The fossils were stored together in Munich , but were obliterated when an Allied bombing raid destroyed the museum where they were kept in 1944 , during World War II .
Romeo Crennel -LRB- born June 18 , 1947 in Lynchburg , Virginia -RRB- is the former head coach of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League .
The Jungle Cat -LRB- Felis chaus -RRB- , also called the swamp lynx -LRB- although not closely related to the lynxes -RRB- , is a medium-small cat , but is now considered the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus Felis .
Asphalt is a sticky , black and highly viscous liquid or semi-solid , composed almost entirely of bitumen , that is present in most crude petroleums and in some natural deposits .
Since it became a Aboriginal reserve , Palm Island has been a symbol of aboriginal hardship and violence .
Of major concern is a lack of jobs and housing .
For much of the 20th Century it was used by the Queensland Government as a town for Aboriginals thought to be guilty of such crimes as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .
The small town on the island has many names such as Palm Island , the Mission , Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community .
Hillsboro is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Ã pothÃ mont is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Yoshinobu Harada -LRB- born 17 May 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
The four basic arithmetic operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division .
Most people learn arithmetic in grade school , but some people do not learn arithmetic and others forget the arithmetic they learned . Many jobs require a knowledge of arithmetic , and many employers complain that it is hard to find people who know enough arithmetic .
In Israeli Hebrew , some words are translated from European languages like English , French , German , and Russian . Many words from the Old Testament were given new meanings in Israeli Hebrew .
Robert Mulligan -LRB- August 23 , 1925 â `` December 20 , 2008 -RRB- was an Academy Award-nominated American film and television director .
KaczyÅ ski served as Mayor of Warsaw from 2002 , until the day before he became president .
' -LRB- 18 June 1949 - 10 April 2010 -RRB- was the President of the Republic of Poland from 2005 until his death in a plane crash in Smolensk , Russia on 10 April 2010 .
He was the identical twin brother of the Prime Minister of Poland , JarosÅ aw KaczyÅ ski . .
Irvine is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The document affirms Russia 's stand on Taiwan as `` an inalienable part of China '' -LRB- A5 -RRB- , and highlights the commitment to ensure the `` national unity and territorial integrity '' in the two countries -LRB- A4 -RRB- .
Article 9 of the treaty has started controversy because it may be viewed as a defense pact , meaning if one of the two countries becomes involved in a war , the other country must help them . Additionally , articles A7 and A16 point at increasing military cooperation , including the sharing of `` military know-how '' -LRB- A16 -RRB- , namely , Chinese access to Russian military technology .
Both China and Russia fear the United States -LRB- especially following its strengthened geopolitical position following the September 11 , 2001 attacks -RRB- becoming involved in areas which they believe should only be affected by their respective spheres of national influences and interests : for China , this largely involves Taiwan serving as a US client state , while for Russia it involves having various former Soviet Republics as US client states .
The Treaty of Good-Neighborliness and Friendly Cooperation Between the People 's Republic of China and the Russian Federation -LRB- FCT -RRB- is a treaty outlining a twenty-year cooperation between China and Russia . It was signed by the leaders of the two world powers , Jiang Zemin and Vladimir Putin , on July 16 , 2001 .
Trees grow shorter until they simply stop growing .
Like the alpine tree-lines shown above , polar tree-lines are heavily influenced by local variables such as aspect of slope and degree of shelter ; trees can often grow in river valleys at latitudes where they could not grow on a more exposed site .
Here are some typical polar treelines :
Maritime influences such as ocean currents also play a major role in determining how far from the equator trees can grow .
At the tree-line , tree growth is often not clear with the last trees forming low bushes .
The tree line , like many other natural lines -LRB- lake boundaries , for example -RRB- , appears well-defined from a distance , but upon close inspection , it is not that clear .
If it is caused by wind , these are known as krummholz , from the German for ` twisted wood ' .
Red foxes usually mate in the winter .
When red foxes are born , they are brown or gray .
Red foxes hunt alone .
This category is for railway stations in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Meat , fish , vegetables , fruit , roots , and nuts make up most of the modern Paleolithic diet . It does not include grains , legumes , dairy products , salt , refined sugar , and processed oils .
and that two studies of the Paleolithic diet in humans have shown good things for people 's health .
A doctor , Walter L. Voegtlin , was one of the first people to say that following a diet similar to that of the Paleolithic era might make a person 's health better .
This includes grains , legumes -LRB- e.g. beans and peanuts -RRB- , dairy products , salt , refined sugar and processed oils .
However , there are also raw , paleolithic dieters who believe that humans have not changed to be able to handle cooked foods , and so they eat only foods which are both raw and paleolithic .
In 2010 , this book was changed , updated , and published for the first time in English .
In 1975 , he published a book in which he argued that humans are carnivorous animals and that the ancestral Paleolithic diet was that of a carnivoreâ '' chiefly fats and protein , with only small amounts of carbohydrates .
The book did not say that people should not eat foods that were not available before people started farming , such as skimmed milk , whole-grain bread , brown rice , and potatoes prepared without fat .
Ideas about paleolithic nutrition come from evolutionary biology .
In 2003 , Lindeberg wrote a Swedish language medical textbook on the subject .
However , Loren Cordain has said that the new evidence shows that grains were not eaten much back then , and he has also said that eating of wild grass seeds of any kind needs technology and processing to make the food possible to eat , and that this technology was probably not around 105,000 + years ago .
more than 100,000 years ago , and perhaps as early as 200,000 years ago .
Starting with the first publication in 1993 , the Kitava Study has led to science writings on whether diseases in Western countries are caused by what people eat .
According to S. Boyd Eaton , `` we are the heirs of inherited characteristics accrued over millions of years ; the vast majority of our biochemistry and physiology are tuned to life conditions that existed before the advent of agriculture some 10,000 years ago .
The modern diet known as the Paleolithic diet -LRB- abbreviated paleo diet or paleodiet -RRB- , also called the caveman diet , Stone Age diet and hunter-gatherer diet , is a way of eating . It is based on the wild plants and animals that it thought that human species ate during the Paleolithic era .
The term `` Paleolithic diet '' can also refer to what people actually ate back then instead of the diet today .
In 1985 , S. Boyd Eaton and Melvin Konner , both from Emory University , published an important paper on Paleolithic nutrition in the New England Journal of Medicine , which made more people know about the idea .
Three years later , S. Boyd Eaton , Marjorie Shostak and Melvin Konner published a book about this way of eating . The book was about having the same proportions fat , protein , and carbohydrates , vitamins and minerals -RRB- as people near the end of the Paleolithic era ate .
In 1989 , these authors published a second book on Paleolithic nutrition .
These studies , called the Kitava Study , found that these people apparently did not suffer from stroke , ischemic heart disease , diabetes , obesity or hypertension .
Genetically our bodies are virtually the same as they were at the end of the Paleolithic era some 20,000 years ago . ''
Walter L. Voegtlin first made the modern Paleolithic diet popular in the 1970s . Authors and researchers recommended and changed the diet in several books and academic journals .
But in the 10,000 years since people started farming , natural selection has not had enough time for people 's genetics to change to get used to the new diet .
Foods that can be hunted and fished , such as meat , offal and seafood , and that can be gathered , such as eggs , insects , fruit , nuts , seeds , vegetables , mushrooms , herbs and spices make up the Paleolithic diet .
According to some supporters of the Paleolithic diet , people following the diet should get about 56 â `` 65 % of their food energy from animal foods , and 36 â `` 45 % from plant foods .
Starting in 1989 , Swedish medical doctor and scientist Staffan Lindeberg did scientific studies of people living on Kitava , one of the Trobriand Islands of Papua New Guinea .
Mercury -LRB- II -RRB- chloride , also known as mercuric chloride and corrosive sublimate , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is HgCl2 .
Balmaha -LRB- Gaelic : Baile MoThatha -RRB- is a hamlet on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in the council area of Stirling , Scotland .
She won an Academy Award for her role in the movie Cold Mountain .
RenÃ e Kathleen Zellweger -LRB- born on April 25 , 1969 in Katy , Texas -RRB- is an American actress .
Fyodor Ivanovich Tyutchev -LRB- rus : Ð Ñ ` Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ñ Ð cents Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð , fyÃ 'd É r Ä `` vÃ ` nÉ vÄ ch tyÅ `` ` chÄ f -RRB- -LRB- December 5 1803 â `` July 27 , 1873 -RRB- was one of the most significant Russian poets .
The spectacular view from the top is what inspired Katharine Lee Bates to write `` America The Beautiful '' in 1893 , and there is a plaque with the words to the song at the summit as well .
Hiromitsu Isogai -LRB- born 19 April 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Vernate is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Lee Bowyer -LRB- born 3 January 1977 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Birmingham City .
XPilot was created in 1991 by BjÃ rn Stabell and Ken Ronny Schouten , students in computer science at the TromsÃ university -LRB- Norway -RRB- , as a multiplayer game similar to Thrust .
This branch was successful enough that Queen Elizabeth II in 1996 officially created the Priory of the United States of America , the seventh priory at the time , with John R. Drexel as the first Prior .
While anyone who subscribed to the scheme and all commissioned officers of the mercenary army were granted the right to become knights of the order , this attracted few donations ; the Greek War of Independence had been won without the help of the knights of the Council of the French Langues .
He , along with the four or five other Great Officers the Lord Prior of St. John , who acts as the lieutenant and deputy to the Grand Prior ; the Prelate , who is a bishop of the Church of England ; the Deputy Lord Prior or Priors , depending on the Grand Prior 's needs , who act as lieutenants and deputies to the Lord Prior ; and the Sub-Prelate , who has interests in the Commanderies and associations of the organization as well as the Priors and Chancellors of each of the order 's eight priories , and the Hospitaller , make up the Grand Council .
Further , those in these groups are also given a button for wear on the lapel of non-formal civilian clothing , for events such as business meetings of the order .
When full mantles and sopra vests are worn a black velvet Tudor style hat is included .
The Sovereign makes all appointments to the order as she , in her absolute discretion , shall think fit , though the constitution does impose certain limitations : the maximum number of members is set at 35,000 , and appointees to the level of Esquire may not be under the age of 16 , nor appointees to all other grades under the age of 18 .
The Order of St. John today forms part of the Canadian national honors system , and the Priory , established in 1946 out of the Commandery of Canada , is the largest outside of the United Kingdom , with some 6,000 members .
In 1999 , the order was granted special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council .
In 1961 it played a role in the establishment of the Alliance of the Orders of St. John of Jerusalem , and thereafter finally received through a concordat in 1963 collateral recognition by the Order of Malta .
However , up to the late 1830s , the British arm of the organization had only considered itself to be a Grand Priory and Langue of the Order of St. John , having never officially been recognized as such by the actual order .
ConfrÃ res in Grade I have a plain , white , 300mm diameter Maltese cross on their sopra vests , while members of Grades II and III , plus Chaplains , have a plain garment , though the wearer 's Order of St. John medallion hangs outside the vest , 152mm below the collar .
These individuals thus automatically become Knights or Dames of Justice or Grace upon their swearing-into viceregal office .
`` I do solemnly declare that I will be faithful and obedient to The Order of St. John and its Sovereign Head as far as it is consistent with my duty to my -LRB- Sovereign\/President -RRB- and to my country ; that I will do everything in my power to uphold its dignity and support its charitable works ; and that I will endeavor always to uphold the aims of this Christian Order and to conduct myself as a person of honor . ''
This new order grew in population , and in 1861 the Duke of Manchester was recruited as Grand Prior and a national hospitaller organization was formed when the Order of St. John acquired a corps of ambulances .
In general , the insignia of the Order of St. John may be worn at all occasions where other decorations are worn , not only those connected with the ceremonies of the order .
Regardless , Peat died in April 1837 and Sir Henry Dymoke was appointed Grand Prior and he re-established contact with the knights in France and Germany , where the group had also by that time expanded to .
This was the Old Jerusalem Tavern , a public house occupying what had once been the gatehouse to the Clerkenwell Priory , the mediÃ val Grand Priory of the Knights Hospitaller , otherwise known as the Knights of Saint John .
In June 1826 , the Council of the French Langues a self-proclaimed revival of the Order of Malta in France decided to collect money to restore a homeland for the resurrected society .
This has now been discontinued , although priories may appoint Priory Esquires -LRB- who are not members of the order -RRB- for ceremonial purposes .
The reigning monarch of each of the Commonwealth realms is the Sovereign Head of the Order of St. John followed by Prince Richard , Duke of Gloucester , as Grand Prior since 1974 .
That for the Sovereign Head is gold with arms of white enamel and the embellishments rendered in gold , all surmounted by a jeweled St. Edward 's Crown , while those for the officers of the order are the same save for the Grand Prior 's having the crown made only of gold ; the Lord Prior 's having in place of the St. Edward 's Crown the coronet in gold of Albert Edward , Prince of Wales ; and the Prelate 's having instead a representation of a Mitre in gold .
The order 's approximately 25,000 confrÃ res , supported by 4,000 employees and 250,000 volunteers , are mainly of Protestant denominations , though those of other Christian denominations or other religions are accepted into the order , and honorary membership is presented to distinguished adherents of other religions .
Dymoke sought to rectify this by seeking acknowledgement from the Roman Catholic headquarters of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta , but that group 's Lieutenant Grand Master , Philippe de Colloredo-Mansfeld , refused the request .
Membership in the order is by invitation only , except via appointment to certain government or ecclesiastical offices in some realms . People may not petition for admission .
In response to this rebuff , the British body declared itself to be the sovereign Order of St. John in the United Kingdom , under the title The Sovereign and Illustrious Order of Saint John of Jerusalem , Anglia , thereby founding the modern myth of the order 's direct succession from that Order of St. John that was established in the 11th century .
This was altered in 1926 to the Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem , and then in 1936 as the Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem .
The Secretaries of the order , the priories , and the commanderies also wear the badge superimposed upon two goose quill pens embroidered saltire-wise in white silk .
All members of the Order of St. John are also required to wear specific robes for formal occasions of the society , including a mantle , sopra vest , and hat .
The only other unique mantles are those of the Medical Officer of the St. John Ophthalmic Hospital , which bears a special pattern , and of Chaplains , which is a black silk robe with full sleeves .
On the subject of inclusive membership , the report stated `` Christian hospitality is a criterion which can be applied to the Order 's relationships to persons of other religious faiths , '' and `` the Order needs to be characterized by a hospitable disposition towards other faith traditions while holding fast to its own origins and foundational identity in Christian faith . ''
Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice or Grace , and Chaplains may all also wear a breast star , which appears the same as their badges , only at a diameter of 88.9 m and without embellishments for those in Grade I and 76 m for those in Grade II .
Notwithstanding the order 's devotion to Christian ideals of charity , and its official position that the order has a `` Christian character , '' its Grand Council has since 1999 affirmed that `` profession of the Christian Faith should not be a condition of membership of the Order . ''
In response , Castelain and Currie were allowed by the so-called Chevallier de Sainte-Croix to form the Council of the English Langue , which was inaugurated on 12 January 1831 , under the executive power of a man who called himself `` Count '' Alexander Mortara , and headquartered at the `` Auberge of St. John , St. John 's Gate , St John 's Square , Clerkenwell . ''
Knights and Dames receive the award from the Grand Prior when they are touched on the shoulder with a sword and are given their robes and insignia .
The Canadian monarch 's viceroy , the governor general , serves as the Prior and Chief Officer in Canada , while the provincial viceroys the lieutenant governors act as the Vice-Priors , overseeing the administration of the order in their respective province .
The most recent royal charter was issued in 1955 , with a supplemental charter released in 1974 , recognizing the world-wide scope of the organization by setting its present name .
Similarly , the star for Commanders and Officers is of white linen with white silk ornamentation , though they are only 228.6 m and 152.4 m in diameter , respectively .
Unlike with other multi-level orders , all the Order of St. John 's grades rank between the society 's predecessor and successor ; some examples follow :
Post-nominal letters of the order are not used outside the organization itself , and a Knight and Dame may not use the prefix sir or dame , though they may request from their local heraldic authority a personal coats of arms , should they not already possess any , and have it adorned with emblems of the Order of St. John .
Common for all members except Esquires is the badge , consisting of an eight-pointed Maltese cross embellished in the four principal angles alternately with two lions passant guardant and two unicorns passant .
Philippe de Castelain , a French knight , was appointed by the council to negotiate with people in England , where Scotsman Donald Currie was given the authority to raise Â # 240,000 .
Further , membership in the order only grants precedence within the society , which is as follows :
Commanderies , governed by a Knight or Dame Commander and a Commandery Chapter , may exist within or wholly or partly without the territory of a Priory , known as Dependent or Independent Commanderies , respectively .
The sopra -LRB- or supra -RRB- vest is a long drape of thin , black cloth that buttons close down the neck and to one side , falling to the ankles and cut so as to entirely cover the body .
Thereafter , the badges are prescribed as follows :
On recommendation of that body , the Grand Prior appoints all the Grand Officers , besides himself , and may also appoint members of either Grade I or Grade II as other officers , known as the Principal Officers , such as the Secretary-General , and honorary officers , such as the Genealogist , who all hold office for a period not exceeding three years .
In 1877 , the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations , so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents ; in 1882 , the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem -LRB- Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group -RRB- ; and by 1887 , had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade , which undertook practical and life-saving work .
Clerical inductees of the order may , when officiating , wear over their cassock and surplice a tippet of black with red lining , edging , and buttons , a 76mm wide star worn on the left breast and the accordant badge suspended at the neck .
All Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross may wear their badges either at the left hip on a 101.6 m -LRB- for men -RRB- or 82.5 m -LRB- for women -RRB- wide , black watered silk ribbon over the right shoulder or from a 16.5 m wide black band at the collar .
An American Society of the Order of St. John was established in 1957 as a foundation to assist the order with charitable work , after 1961 focusing its efforts specifically on the St. John Opthalmic Hospital in Jerusalem and some other organizations aiding the sick .
The mantles of the Sovereign Head and Grand Prior are all of black silk velvet and lined with white silk , the former 's differentiated by an additional train .
Following constitutional changes made in 1999 , the Priory of England and The Islands was established -LRB- including the Commandery of Ards in Northern Ireland -RRB- alongside the existing Priories of Wales , Scotland , Canada , Australia -LRB- including the Commandery of Western Australia -RRB- , New Zealand , South Africa , and , since 1996 , the United States , each of which is governed by a Prior and a Priory Chapter .
The issue of the order 's Christian character and the issue of `` inclusive membership '' was dealt with in the Grand Council 's Pro Fide Report in 2005 , wherein it was said that the order 's life is shaped by Christian faith and values , but that '' -LRB- r -RRB- ather than the emphasis being primarily upon ` spiritual beliefs or doctrine ' it is on works of mercy rendered through St. John '' ; therefore , while the Great Officers are required to profess the Christian faith , the same is `` not an essential condition of membership '' and '' -LRB- t -RRB- he onus is on the man or woman who is invited to the privilege of membership to decide whether he or she can with a good conscience promise to be faithful to the stated aims and purposes of this Christian lay order of chivalry . ''
The Reverend Sir Robert Peat , Perpetual Curate of St. Lawrence in Brentford , Middlesex , and one of the many former chaplains to Prince George , Prince Regent -LRB- the future King George IV -RRB- , was recruited by the council as a member of the society .
The Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem , is a royal order of chivalry established in 1831 and found today throughout the Commonwealth of Nations , Hong Kong , Ireland and the United States of America , . Its world-wide mission is `` to prevent and relieve sickness and injury , and to act to enhance the health and well-being of people anywhere in the world . ''
Upon admission into the Order of St. John , confrÃ res are gifted various insignia of the organization , each level and office being represented by different emblems and robes for wear at important occasions for the order .
As citizens of a country that did not have the sovereignty of the Order of St. John vested in its head of state , American inductees who first joined the new Priory were specifically asked to only `` pay due obedience '' to the governing authorities of the order `` in all things consistent with your duty to your own country , '' thus eliminating any question of loyalty to a foreign head of state superseding American postulants ' duties as US citizens .
Male Knights Justice or Grace must carry their badges on a 16.5 mm wide ribbon at the neck , and Commanders , Officers , and Members have theirs on a 38 m straight ribbon suspended from a medal bar on the left breast , while females in all grades may wear their insignia either on a ribbon bow pinned at the left shoulder or hung from a medal bar in the men 's fashion , depending on the circumstance and clothing worn .
By late 2000 , the US priory had approximately 1,100 members .
The Order of St. John is said to have arrived in Canada in 1648 , as the second Governor of New France , Charles de Montmagny , was a member of the original order , but it was not until 1883 that the first branch of the modern organization was established in the country , at Quebec City , growing to 12 branches by 1892 .
Thereafter follows the members of the order , who are divided into six hierarchical grades , all having accordant post-nominal letters .
Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross and , prior to 1926 , Knights of Justice formerly wore black silk robes with a lining of the same material and color ; these members now wear the same mantle as Commanders , Officers , and Esquires , which are made of black merino wool faced with black silk .
Any country without a Priory or Commandery of its own is assumed into the `` home priory '' of England and The Islands , many of these being smaller Commonwealth of Nations states in which the order has only a minor presence .
The Grand Prior may also appoint a Secretary of the order , who holds office at the pleasure of the Grand Prior or until resignation .
It is similar to a cassock , though it is actually derived from the supra vesta a black surcoat worn in the mid 13th century by the Knights of St. John .
It is perhaps best known through its service organizations , St. John Ambulance and St John Eye Hospital Group , the memberships and work of which are not limited to any denomination or religion .
The Order of St. John 's biggest leap forward came in 1888 , when Queen Victoria granted the society a royal charter , yet again renaming the order , this time as the Grand Priory of the Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem in England .
In 1871 , a new constitution brought about further changes to the group 's name , offering the more modest Order of Saint John of Jerusalem in England , and , five years later , Princess Alexandra , Princess of Wales , was recruited into its membership , followed by her husband , Prince Edward , Prince of Wales .
A subset of the Grand Council is the Honours and Awards Committee , which considers all recommendations for appointment or promotion into the grade of Bailiff or Dame Grand Cross , appointment or promotion into any grade of a person not resident within any priory 's territory , and advises the Grand Council in respect of the award of the Life-Saving Medal and Service Medal .
Recommendations are made by the Grand Council , and those selected have generally acted in such a manner as to strengthen the spirit of mankind as reflected in the order 's first motto , PRO FIDE and to encourage and promote humanitarian and charitable work aiding those in sickness , suffering , and\/or danger as reflected in the order 's other motto , PRO UTILITATE HOMINUM .
Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order 's star in white silk : the Sovereign Head , Grand Prior , and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem ; the Sovereign 's and Grand Prior 's are of white silk with gold adornments , the former 's also surmounted by a St. Edward 's Crown , while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice , and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen , the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk , the latter in white silk .
Grade I is limited to only the members of the Grand Council plus no more than 21 others , though any heads of state and members of the royal family of a Commonwealth realm , other Commonwealth of Nations member-state , or foreign country , may be appointed as a Bailiff or Dame Grand Cross without counting towards the total population ; All Priors , should they not already be in the grade or higher , are made a Knight or Dame of Justice upon their assignment ; this formerly enabled them , along with all Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , to nominate two personal Esquires , just as each Knight or Dame of Grace could nominate one personal Esquire , subject to the Grand Council 's scrutiny .
He and other British members of the group , with the backing of the Council of the French Langues , then , on the grounds that he had been selling knighthoods , expelled Mortara , leading to two competing English chivalric groups between early 1832 and Mortara 's disappearance in 1837 .
As the Order of St. John is open to the citizens of sixteen different countries , each with their own system of orders , decorations , and medals , the order 's place of precedence varies from country to country .
This was a cover to create a mercenary army of unemployed English soldiers and using readily available cheap war surplus .
It is often simply called the Order of St. John , or as the Venerable Order of Saint John -LRB- VOSJ -RRB- to distinguish it from other similarly named orders .
Peat was thus credited as being the first Grand Prior of the association , though this is not mentioned in any of his obituaries , leading W.B.H. in January 1919 to write in the journal Notes & Queries : `` His name is not in the knights ' list , and he was never ` Prior in the Sovereign Order of Saint John of Jerusalem '' : he became an ordinary member of that Order -LRB- sic -RRB- on Nov 11 , 1830 . ''
Thymol , an antiseptic , is the main active ingredient in Listerine mouthwash .
A tea made by infusing the herb in water can be used for cough and bronchitis .
In traditional Jamaican childbirth practice , thyme tea is given to the mother after delivery of the baby .
The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples . They believed that thyme was a source of courage .
It is composed of a woody stem with paired leaf or flower clusters -LRB- `` leaves '' -RRB- spaced Â 1\/2 to 1 '' apart .
Thyme is often used to flavor meats , soups and stews .
Thyme is widely grown as a herb . Usually it is grown for its strong flavor , which is due to its content of thymol .
A sprig is a single stem snipped from the plant .
Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta .
It was thought that the spread of thyme throughout Europe was thanks to the Romans , as they used it to purify their rooms .
Thyme retains its flavor on drying better than many other herbs .
The dried equivalent is 1:3 , so substitute 1 teaspoon of dried or Â 3\/4 tsp of ground thyme for 6 small sprigs .
Fresh thyme is commonly sold in bunches of sprigs .
As with bay , thyme is slow to release its flavors so it is usually added early in the cooking process .
Dried , and especially powdered thyme occupies less space than fresh , so less of it is required when substituted in a recipe .
A recipe may measure thyme by the bunch -LRB- or fraction thereof -RRB- , or by the sprig , or by the tablespoon or teaspoon .
As a rule of thumb , use one third as much dried as fresh thyme - a little less if it is ground .
It can be propagated by seed , cuttings , or by dividing rooted sections of the plant .
Because it is antiseptic , thyme boiled in water and cooled is very effective against inflammation of the throat when gargled 3 times a day .
It tolerates drought well .
Thyme is sold both fresh and dried .
Thyme likes a hot sunny location with good-draining soil .
Depending on how it is used in a dish , the whole sprig may be used -LRB- e.g. in a bouquet garni -RRB- , or the leaves removed and the stems discarded .
In some Middle Eastern countries , the condiment za ` atar contains thyme as a vital ingredient .
Thymus vulgaris -LRB- Common Thyme or Garden Thyme -RRB- is a commonly used culinary herb . It also has medicinal uses .
If the recipe does not specify fresh or dried , assume that it means fresh .
It has a particular affinity to and is often used as a primary flavor with lamb , tomatoes and eggs .
In this period , women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves . People believed it would bring courage to the bearer .
Usually when a recipe specifies ` bunch ' or ` sprig ' it means the whole form ; when it specifies spoons it means the leaves .
The fresh form is more flavourful but also less convenient ; storage life is rarely more than a week .
While summer-seasonal , fresh thyme is often available year-round .
The inflammation will normally disappear in 2 - 5 days .
Other infections and wounds can be dripped with thyme that has been boiled in water and cooled .
The essential oil of common thyme -LRB- Thymus vulgaris -RRB- is made up of 20-55 % thymol .
In French cuisine , along with bay and parsley it is a common component of the bouquet garni , and of herbes de Provence .
It has also been shown to be effective against the fungus that commonly infects toenails .
It is perfectly acceptable to substitute dried for whole thyme .
Ancient Egyptians used thyme for embalming .
It is planted in the spring and later grows as a perennial .
Thyme was also used as incense and placed on coffins during funerals as it was supposed to assure passage into the next life .
Before the advent of modern antibiotics , it was used to medicate bandages .
Substitution is often more complicated than that because recipes can specify sprigs and sprigs can vary in yield of leaves .
Thyme , while flavourful , does not overpower and blends well with other herbs and spices .
Thyme is widely used for cooking .
In the European Middle Ages , the herb was placed under pillows . This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares .
Medicinally thyme is used for respiratory infections in the form of a tincture , tisane , salve , syrup or by steam inhalation .
Assuming a 4 '' sprig -LRB- they are often somewhat longer -RRB- , estimate that 6 sprigs will yield one tablespoon of leaves .
It is 266 miles long .
The Suwannee River is a major river in north Florida and south Georgia in the United States .
The Minor Term is the subject of the conclusion . Conversely , the predicate of the conclusion is the Major Term .
Aristotle studied different syllogisms and identified valid syllogisms as syllogisms with conclusion true if both premises are true .
The proposition that contains the Minor Term is referred to as the Minor Premise and the proposition that contains the Major Term is referred to as the Major Premise .
With hand-tuned timpani , there is no time to retune the timpani to A flat and E flat for the slow second movement in A flat .
This is a very peaceful key . It was used often by Franz Schubert .
Felix Mendelssohn and John Field each wrote one piano concerto in A-flat .
Twenty-four of FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin 's piano pieces are in A-flat major , more than any other key .
A-flat major is the major key with the most flats that Domenico Scarlatti used in his keyboard sonatas , though he used it only twice -- in K. 127 and K. 130 .
Charles-Marie Widor considered A-flat major to be the second best key for flute music .
Beethoven chose A-flat major as the key of the slow movement for most of his C minor works . This was also followed by AntonÃ n DvoÅ Ã k in his only C minor symphony and Anton Bruckner in his first two C minor symphonies .
Since A-flat major was not often chosen as the main key for orchestral music of the 18th century , passages or movements in the key often kept the timpani tuned the same way as they were in the movement before it .
In Bruckner 's Symphony No. 1 in C minor , however , the timpani are retuned between the first movement in C minor and the following in A-flat major .
Its relative minor is F minor and its parallel minor is A-flat minor .
Arnold Bax 's last symphony is also in the same key .
For example , Beethoven 's Symphony No. 5 in C minor has the timpani set to C and G for the first movement .
Edward Elgar 's Symphony No. 1 in A-flat major is probably the best-known symphony in that key .
ViÄ 1\/4 Ä ni is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1928 .
The band supported the album with a tour of the United States as well as its first overseas tour .
Ultramega OK is the debut album by the American grunge band Soundgarden . It was released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .
The resulting album contained elements of psychedelic rock , classic rock , and hardcore punk .
Following the release of the EPs Screaming Life , released in 1987 , and Fopp , released in 1988 , for the Sub Pop record label , the band signed with the independent record label SST and went to work on its first full-length studio album .
In 1990 , the album earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance .
Skardu District is part of Baltistan and currently constitutes one of the seven districts of the Gilgit Baltistan territory -LRB- formerly Northern Areas -RRB- of Pakistan .
The rock unit is a black shale , and crops out at a number of localities near the town of Field in the Yoho National Park .
This led scientists to recognize that Walcott had barely scratched the surface of information available in the Burgess Shale . It was clear that the organisms did not fit comfortably into modern groups .
Describing the fossils was a vast task , pursued by Walcott until his death in 1927 .
It is famous for the exceptional preservation of the soft parts of its fossils .
The Burgess Shale Formation -- located in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia -- is one of the world 's most celebrated fossil fields , and the best of its kind .
Walcott , led by scientific opinion at the time , attempted to categorise all fossils into living taxa . As a result , the fossils were regarded as little more than curiosities at the time .
It is ~ 505 million years old -LRB- Middle Cambrian -RRB- , one of the earliest soft-parts fossil beds .
It was not until 1962 that a first-hand reinvestigation of the fossils was attempted , by Alberto Simonetta .
At this point , aged 74 , he had amassed over 65,000 specimens .
He returned in 1910 with his sons , and established a quarry on the flanks of Fossil Ridge .
The Burgess Shale was discovered by palaeontologist Charles Doolittle Walcott in 1909 , towards the end of the season 's fieldwork .
The fact that fossils were of soft-bodied forms , and the range of organisms new to science , led him to return to the quarry almost every year until 1924 .
Pavel HorvÃ th -LRB- born 22 April 1975 -RRB- is a Czech football player .
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith was a movie released in 2005 . Episode III was one of the most anticipated movies of 2005 .
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith was a movie released in 2005 .
The Asian tiger mosquito , or forest day mosquito is a kind of mosquito that is native to tropical and subtropical South-East Asia .
Adam MaÅ ysz -LRB- born 3 December 1977 in WisÅ a , Poland -RRB- is a Polish ski jumper .
It has been called the `` Gospel in a nutshell . ''
John 3:16 -LRB- chapter 3 , verse 16 of the Gospel of John -RRB- is a verse from the Christian Bible .
Tardinghen is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The Black-necked Grebe , Podiceps nigricollis , known in North America as the Eared Grebe , is a member of the Grebe family -LRB- biology -RRB- of water birds .
It occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica .
West Chicago is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Sendets , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Pertuis is a commune of 18,906 people -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
With the introduction of the devolution System the talukas have been sub-divided into the Union Councils numbering 49 , Tapas 109 and Dehs 511 .
The Elephant and Castle is a major road intersection in inner south London , England , and is also used as a name for the surrounding district .
Housset is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Charleston Battery is a soccer club which plays in United States .
It was not a very severe storm , though the damage caused by Erin was over $ 700 million .
Mark Burke -LRB- born 12 February 1969 -RRB- is a former English football player .
The Common Desktop Environment -LRB- CDE -RRB- is a desktop environment for Unix . It is based on the Motif widget toolkit .
Vincent Thomas Lombardi -LRB- June 11 , 1913 , in Brooklyn , New York , USA -- September 3 , 1970 -RRB- was an American football coach that never had a losing season .
Lalevade-d ` Ard Ã che is a village and commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in the center of southern France .
Both duchies have passed back and forth between the Danes and various German rulers .
The northernmost part of Jutland became an island following a flood in 1825 ; the Limfjord now separates it from the mainland .
The southern third is made up of the German Bundesland of Schleswig-Holstein , with the duchies of Schleswig -LRB- also SÃ nderjylland\/Southern Jutland -RRB- and Holstein .
The River Elbe forms the southern border of Jutland with the city of Hamburg on its shore . The Danish Wadden Sea Islands and the North Frisian Islands stretch along the southwest coast of Jutland in the German Bight .
This island is called NÃ rrejydske Ã -LRB- `` North Jutlandic Island '' -RRB- and is still commonly reckoned as part of the peninsula ; it is also partly coterminous with the county and future region called North Jutland .
The Danish Wadden Sea Islands and the North Frisian Islands stretch along the southwest coast of Jutland in the German Bight .
Saint-Gabriel-Br Ã cy is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
It transports sperm cells from the pollen grain , from the stigma -LRB- in flowering plants or angiosperms -RRB- to the ovules at the base of the pistil . In some gymnosperms -LRB- conifers and gnetophytes -RRB- sperms move directly through ovule tissue .
In maize , this single cell can grow longer than 12 inches to traverse the length of the pistil .
One sperm unites with the egg cell to produce the embryo of a new plant , while a second sperm unites with the central cell -LRB- polar nuclei -RRB- to produce the endosperm of the seed .
In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma , style , ovary and ovules to reach the eggs .
The sperm cells by themselves are not motile and are carried within the tube .
Like ferns , other basal land plants , and many algae , these gymnosperms have flagellate sperm , which swim through a watery fluid to fertilize the egg cells .
As the tip of the tube reaches an egg it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a double fertilization .
In other gymnosperms -LRB- Ginkgo and cycads -RRB- the pollen tube is involved only in nutrient uptake from ovule tissue by the pollen grain , and does not convey sperm cells to the egg .
The endosperm is rich in starch , proteins and oils and is a major source of human food -LRB- e.g. , wheat , barley , rye , oats , corn -RRB-
Luigi Riva -LRB- born 7 November , 1944 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Newton metre is the unit of moment in the SI system .
It is a compound unit of torque corresponding to the torque from a force of one newton applied over a distance arm of one metre .
It is abbreviated N m or NÂ m , and sometimes written with hyphen newton-metre .
Don Adams -LRB- April 13 , 1923 -- September 25 , 2005 -RRB- , born Donald James Yarmy , was an American actor famous for his role as Maxwell Smart -LRB- Agent 86 -RRB- in the TV situation comedy Get Smart -LRB- 1965 -- 1970 , 1995 -RRB- , for which he also directed and wrote .
Adams won three consecutive Emmy Awards for his role -LRB- 1967 -- 1969 -RRB- .
Kerns is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland .
And to decrypt we subtract the same keystream numbers from the ciphertext to get the plaintext .
In cryptography , a keystream is a stream of random or pseudorandom characters that are combined with a plaintext message to produce an encrypted message -LRB- the ciphertext -RRB- .
Block ciphers can also be used to produce keystreams .
The `` characters '' in the keystream can be bits , bytes , numbers or actual characters like A-Z depending on the usage case .
For example , the CTR mode -LRB- also known as Integer Counter Mode -LRB- ICM -RRB- -RRB- is a block mode that makes a block cipher produce a keystream then turns the block cipher into a stream cipher .
Keystreams are used in the one-time pad cipher and in most stream ciphers .
-LRB- Such wrapping is called modular arithmetic . -RRB-
I.e. 26 becomes 0 and 27 becomes 1 and so on .
To encrypt we add the keystream numbers to the plaintext .
Usually each character in the keystream is either added , subtracted or XORed with a character in the plaintext to produce the ciphertext , using modular arithmetic .
As we have only 26 characters the random numbers in the keystream have to be at least between 0 and 25 .
In this simple example we will use only the English alphabet of 26 characters from a-z , therefore we will not encrypt numbers , commas , spaces and other symbols .
Here the plaintext message `` attack at dawn '' is combined by addition with the keystream `` kjcngmlhylyu '' and produces the ciphertext `` kcvniwlabluh '' .
If a ciphertext number becomes larger than 25 we wrap it to a value between 0-25 .
Macedonian -LRB- Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð 1\/2 Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð , makedonski jazik -RRB- is an Indo-European language spoken mainly in the Republic of Macedonia .
The Macedonian language uses a Cyrillic alphabet .
Dendermonde is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Mont-Bertrand is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Halls of Fame and Walks of Fame , locations where persons or groups are recognized for excellence or success in their career .
The Harbourfront Landmark is a skyscraper in Hong Kong , China . It is 233 meters -LRB- 763 feet -RRB- tall and has 70 floors .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
He has since become best known for his roles in the Coupling television series and the Pirates of the Caribbean series of films .
Fallen Leaves is a song by the Canadian music group , Billy Talent . It is the sixth track on the album Billy Talent II and is their third single to be released .
Saint-Pons is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The 2000 United States census says that the city is home to 13,808 people .
Beacon is part of the Poughkeepsie -- Newburgh -- Middletown , NY Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Beacon was named in memory of fires that burned from the summit of the Fishkill Mountains to warn the Continental Army about British troop .
Beacon is a city that is found in Dutchess County , New York , in the United States .
It can be oxidized to cobalt -LRB- III -RRB- compounds , although cobalt -LRB- III -RRB- chloride does not exist . If it is made , it just drops a Cl from CoCl3 , making CoCl2 -LRB- cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- chloride -RRB- again .
Bois-l Ã s-Pargny is a commune .
The Angled Darkie -LRB- Allotinus fabius -RRB- is a small butterfly . It is found in India , Myanmar and South East Asia .
Though the word proselytism was originally used in Christianity , it is also used to refer to other religions ' attempts to convert people to their beliefs or even any attempt to convert people to another point of view , religious or not .
Andelain is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Lund University is a university in Lund .
Slaughters is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
German is spoken mainly in the area of the German-speaking Community of Belgium
Wallonia -LRB- walloon : Waloneye or Walonreye -RRB- is a French-speaking region in the south of Belgium .
Tadao Kobayashi -LRB- born 7 July 1930 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Aristide CavaillÃ - Coll -LRB- born Montpellier , 4 February 1811 ; died Paris , 13 October 1899 -RRB- was a French organ builder .
Most organists think of him as the greatest organ builder of the 19th century .
Å 1\/2 ydrÅ `` nas Ilgauskas -LRB- born June 5 , 1975 in Kaunas , Lithuania -RRB- is a Lithuanian basketball player who currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Henry VII Lady Chapel is a Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Gothic style .
A CD-R -LRB- also called Compact Disc Recordable -RRB- is a compact disc that can be recorded once .
Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 film starring Harvey Keitel as the `` Bad Lieutenant '' .
Ageing -LRB- or `` aging '' -RRB- is the changes occur in an individual over time . In humans , ageing consists of several physical and psychological changes .
In humans , ageing consists of several physical and psychological changes .
Ageing -LRB- or `` aging '' -RRB- is the changes occur in an individual over time .
Instead , silkworm cocoons are thrown into boiling water , which kills the silkworms and also makes the cocoons easier to unravel .
There are many more legends about the silkworm .
She picked it out and as it started to wrap around her finger , she slowly felt something warm .
The cocoon is made of one thread of raw silk from 300 to 900 meters -LRB- 1000 to 3000 feet -RRB- long .
In Korea , silkworm pupae are boiled and seasoned , then eaten as a popular snack food known as beondegi .
If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon , it will make a hole in the cocoon when it exits as a moth .
The Silkworm -LRB- Bombyx mori -RRB- is the larva or caterpillar of a moth that is important because it makes silk .
Often , the silkworm itself is eaten .
She taught this to the people and it became common .
She was drinking tea under a tree when a cocoon fell into her tea .
About 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are needed to make a pound of silk .
In an instant , she realized that this cocoon was the source of the silk .
When the silk ran out , she saw a small cocoon .
Cavaillon is a commune of 24,563 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Ryo Sakai -LRB- born 9 August 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Machida Zelvia .
A service of worship is a religious meeting where people come together , usually in a church or cathedral , in order to worship God . It may also be called a church service or just service .
Futoshi Ikeda -LRB- born 4 October 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Henry Daglish -LRB- 18 November 1866 â `` 16 August 1920 -RRB- was the 6th Premier of Western Australia from 10 August 1904 to 25 August 1905 . He was the first Western Australia Premier from the Labor Party and the first from any organised political party .
It was a commercial success , topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and becoming her third number one song of 2010 .
is a 2010 song from Barbadian singer Rihanna and Canadian rapper Drake .
What 's My Name ?
There are nine counties in Ulster .
Ulster is one of the four provinces which make up the island of Ireland .
The Amiga CD32 was a game console made by Commodore International .
Its official stadium is EstÃ dio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica , most known as EstÃ dio da Luz .
In many parts of their range they now feed on cattle , but avoid camels .
Oxpeckers feed exclusively on the backs of large mammals .
Oxpeckers also feed on the earwax and dandruffs of mammals , although less is known about the benefits of this to the mammal , it is suspected that this is also a parasitic behavior .
They feed on ectoparasites , particularly ticks , as well as insects infecting wounds and the flesh and blood of some wounds as well .
The smallest regularly used species is the Impala , probably because of the heavy tick load and social nature of that species .
Elephants and some antelope will actively dislodge the oxpeckers when they land .
Oxpecker\/mammal interactions are the subject of some debate and ongoing research .
Certain species seem preferred , whereas others , like the Lichtenstein 's hartebeest or Topi are generally avoided .
Their names come from their habit of perching on large mammals -LRB- both wild and domesticated -RRB- such as cattle or rhinoceroses , and eating ticks , botfly larvae , and other parasites .
Oxpeckers are endemic to the savanna of Sub-Saharan Africa .
Oxpeckers do eat ticks , but often the ticks that have already fed on the ungulate host and there has been no proven statistically significant link between oxpecker presence and reduced ectoparasite load .
According to the more recent studies of phylogeny , the oxpeckers are an ancient line related to the Mimidae -LRB- mockingbirds , thrashers & c. -RRB- and starlings , but not particularly close to either .
This would make the two species of Buphagus something like living fossils , and elegantly demonstrates that such remnants of past evolution can possess striking and unique adaptations .
However one study of impalas found that impalas which were used by oxpeckers spent less time grooming themselves suggesting a reduction in parasite load .
Oxpeckers have been observed to open new wounds and enhance existing ones in order to drink the blood of their perches .
Considering the known biogeography -LRB- distribution -RRB- of these groups , the most plausible explanation seems that the oxpecker lineage originated in Eastern or Southeastern Asia like the other two .
Some oxpecker hosts are intolerant of their presence .
They were originally thought to be an example of mutualism , but recent evidence suggests that oxpeckers may be parasites instead .
Other species tolerate oxpeckers while they search for ticks on the face , what one author described as `` appears ... to be an uncomfortable and invasive process .
Cody Garrett Runnels -LRB- born June 30 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by his ring name Cody Rhodes , is an American professional wrestler currently signed by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- to its SmackDown brand .
The Secret World of Alex Mack was an American television series that ran on Nickelodeon from October 8 , 1994 to January 15 , 1998 , replacing Clarissa Explains It All on the SNICK line-up .
The show is currently not on the air in the U.S.
Repeats of the series aired in 2003 on The N , but it was soon replaced there .
From 1922 until 1972 it was the residence of Governor of Northern Ireland .
It is the residence of the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland . It is also used by Queen Elizabeth II and other members of the British Royal Family when they visit the country , and by prominent international visitors .
Hillsborough Castle is an official government residence in Northern Ireland .
In computer science , speculative execution is the execution of code , before being sure if the result will be needed .
Berneville is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Hiddink coached the British club Chelsea in 2009 . He succeeded their former coach Luiz Felipe Scolari .
It was build in the cityn of Gwangju and was named `` Guus Hiddink Stadium '' .
Commentators said that Hiddink : `` had rejuvenated Chelsea following Scolari 's departure '' .
William Bradford -LRB- September 14 , 1755 â `` August 23 , 1795 -RRB- was a lawyer and judge from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and the second United States Attorney General in 1794-1795 .
Ryosuke Matsuoka -LRB- born 23 October 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Vissel Kobe .
Quernes is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Kevin Moore -LRB- born 30 November 1965 , in St Johns Lakemba , New South Wales , Australia -RRB- is a rugby league coach and former player .
As a player , he played as a scrum-half .
He is the head coach for the Bulldogs in the NRL from the 2009 season .
A piÃ ata is a type of decoration with bright colors . It is made from either clay or cardboard and is covered with papier-m Ã cents chÃ .
Then , at the count of three , the children pull their strings all at the same time .
They are usually made of cardboard , colorfully decorated to match the birthday party theme and filled with candy , chocolates , small toys and confetti .
The piÃ ata is then hung somewhere where everyone can see , but the strings are kept out of the reach of children .
In Puerto Rico , Ecuador , Peru , Venezuela , Colombia and in some other Latin American countries , piÃ atas are traditionally used only at children 's birthday parties .
Toward the end of the party , usually after the cutting of the cake , an announcement is made that the piÃ ata will be ` broken ' and each child is given an empty party bag .
This opens the hidden trap-door -LRB- or ` breaks ' the piÃ ata -RRB- and the children receive a shower of candy and confetti while they rush to fill up their bags with the treats .
Colored strings -LRB- long enough to reach the ground -RRB- are attached to the bottom of the piÃ ata , where a trap-door is hidden under the decoration .
All the children get together directly underneath the piÃ ata and each child is given a string to hold .
The reason why he is called `` Snoop Dogg '' is because his mother named him after a character called `` Snoopy '' , because Snoop Dogg was a fan of the Peanuts cartoon , which has the Snoopy character .
Mauro Rosales -LRB- born 24 February 1981 -RRB- is an Argentine football player .
The city hosts the Indian Wells Masters -LRB- also known by its current sponsorship name of Pacific Life Open -RRB- , one of the nine tournaments in the Tennis Masters Series of high-level events operated by the Association of Tennis Professionals -LRB- i.e. , the men 's tennis tour -RRB- .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 3,816 .
Indian Wells is a city in Riverside County , California , in the Coachella Valley -LRB- Palm Springs area -RRB- , in between Palm Desert and La Quinta .
The event is held in the 16,100-seat stadium of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden .
Mont-Saint-Guibert is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Peter Michael Falk -LRB- born 16 September , 1927 -RRB- is an American retired actor who is most famous for his role as Columbo .
It lies between the Volga River and the Kama River -LRB- a tributary of the Volga -RRB- , and extends east to the Ural mountains .
Its capital is Kazan .
However , the first army officially called the `` Indian Army '' was raised by the government of India in 1895 . In 1903 the Indian Army absorbed the three presidency armies -LRB- the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army -RRB- .
In 1903 the Indian Army absorbed the three presidency armies -LRB- the Bengal Army , the Madras Army and the Bombay Army -RRB- .
Before that the Company had their own army units , paid for by their profits and these joined with British Army units .
The British Indian Army , officially called simply the Indian Army -LRB- IA -RRB- , was the army in British India during British rule -LRB- 1858 -- 1947 -RRB- .
The Indian Army was formed after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 when the government of Britain took over rule from the British East India Company .
The army of the British East India Company recruited mostly Muslims in the Bengal Presidency -LRB- which consisted of Bengal , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh -RRB- , and high caste Hindus mainly from the rural plains of Oudh .
After the rebellion , the British started recruiting what the British called the `` martial races , '' particularly Marathas , Rajputs , Sikhs , Gurkhas , Pashtuns , Garhwalis , Mohyals , and Dogras .
However , the first army officially called the `` Indian Army '' was raised by the government of India in 1895 .
The term `` Indian Army '' was used to describe the presidency armies , especially after the Indian Mutiny .
Between 1903 and 1947 the Army of India consisted of two separate parts : the Indian Army and the British Army in India . The first consisted of Indian Army regiments from India , while the second were British Army regiments from the United Kingdom which were sent to India .
After World War II , the British formations and units that had been part of the British Army of India were divided between India and Pakistan .
The term `` Indian Army '' was used to describe the presidency armies , especially after the Indian Mutiny . However , the first army officially called the `` Indian Army '' was raised by the government of India in 1895 .
Royal residences and former royal residences in the United Kingdom .
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Kayes Region is located in eastern Mali .
Air France is one of the largest airlines , based in France . It is owned by Air France-KLM .
Before it merged with KLM it employed 71,654 people .
Natural numbers , also called Counting numbers , are the numbers used for counting things .
Natural numbers , also called Counting numbers , are the numbers used for counting things . Natural numbers are positive integers -LRB- whole numbers that are more than 0 -RRB- .
As of 2000 , the population is 10,569 .
Its county seat is Nowata .
Nowata County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma -LRB- born 12 April 1942 -RRB- in Nkandla , KwaZulu-Natal is a South African politician . He has been the President of South Africa since 2009 .
Namco Museum Remix is a Wii video game .
This game features 14 classic arcade games which are Cutie Q , Dig Dug , Galaxian , Gaplus , Mappy , Pac & Pal , Pac-Mania , Super Pac-Man and Xevious .
There are a few remixed versions of games which are Pac ` N Roll , Galaga , Motos , Rally X and Gator Panic .
One reason for this may be that the text of Setesdal stev are usually more meditative -LRB- or elegiac -RRB- .
Stev are made of stanzas , that have four lines
A person who can perform a stev , is known as a kveder -LRB- a type of artist -RRB- .
A kveder from Setesdal , when performing stev , usually sings more slowly , than a kveder from Telemark .
At its northern end the shores are nearly level , while on the west shore the wooded promontory of Buonas -LRB- with its castles , old and new -RRB- projects picturesquely into the waters .
Three railways follow the shore of the lake , one from ZÃ 1\/4 rich via Zug and Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard , one from Lucerne via Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard and one from ZÃ 1\/4 rich via Zug to Lucerne .
The first steamer was placed on the lake in 1852 .
The principal place on the lake is the town of Zug .
Many fish -LRB- including pike and carp of considerable weights -RRB- are taken from the lake , which is especially famous for an endemic kind of trout -LRB- Salmo salvelinus , locally called Rolheli -RRB- .
Erbium is an element on the periodic table with the symbol Er and atomic number 68 .
Along with Hu Zongnan and Xue Yue , Tang was one of the Kuomintang generals most respected by the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War .
The Canadian Women 's Hockey League -LRB- CWHL -RRB- is an ice hockey league in Canada that was formed in 2007 .
All fields are optional and unused parameter names can be left blank or omitted .
The infobox may be added by pasting the template as shown below into an article .
Their recorded play goes back as far as the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada -LRB- AHAC -RRB- in 1889 , although the Quebec Hockey Club is known to have played in tournaments prior to that date .
The club continued as an amateur team through various leagues , eventually becoming professional in 1908 , and eventually playing in the National Hockey League .
The Quebec Bulldogs were a men 's senior-level ice hockey team officially known as the Quebec Hockey Club , later as the Quebec Athletic Club .
The Bulldog name was given by the media and was so popular with the fans a Bulldog mascot was created but was never officially changed until the team moved to Hamilton , Ontario in 1920 and became the Tigers .
Lassi is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
It borders onto North Ayrshire , East Renfrewshire , South Lanarkshire , South Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway .
East Ayrshire -LRB- Siorrachd Inbhir Ã ir an Ear in Gaelic -RRB- is one of 32 council area of Scotland .
Kilmarnock is the largest town ; other small main towns are New Cumnock and Cumnock .
Kilmarnock is the largest town in East Ayrshire .
With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire , it formed the county of Ayrshire .
The area was formed in 1996 , from the former Kilmarnock and Loudoun and Cumnock and Doon Valley districts .
Yuki Tamura -LRB- born 31 December 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for GuaranÃ .
A Nigerian study has found that more than 800,000 people are slaves , almost 8 % of the population .
In November 2006 , the International Labor Organisation said that it would prosecute members of the junta that rules Myanmar -LRB- also called Burma -RRB- at the International Court of Justice for `` Crimes against Humanity '' . This is because the military makes some citizens do forced labor .
Of those freed , 69 were children .
Slavery in Mauritania was made illegal in August 2007 .
In Niger , there is also much slavery .
According to the U.S. Department of State , more than 109,000 children were working on cocoa farms alone in CÃ te d'Ivoire -LRB- Ivory Coast -RRB- in ` the worst forms of child labor ' in 2002 .
Child slavery has commonly been used when making cash crops and mining .
The English word `` slave '' comes from the medieval word for Slavic people of Central and Eastern Europe , because these were the last ethnic group to be captured and enslaved in Central Europe .
Some of the countries where there is still slavery are in Africa , the Middle East , and South Asia .
The International Labor Organisation says that it thinks that about 800,000 people are forced to work this way .
In Mauritania , it is thought that up to 600,000 men , women and children , or 20 % of the population , are slaves , and that many of them are used as bonded labor .
The Chinese government made a force of 35,000 police check northern Chinese brick kilns for slaves , and sent lots of kiln supervisors and officials to prison and sentenced one kiln foreman to death for killing a worker who was a slave .
Because the grounds remain in the drink after brewing , French pressed coffee should be served quickly .
The French press has different names around the world .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers . These people often do not want to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
They are made of tough plastic instead of glass . They also have a sealed lid with a closable drinking hole .
The ground coffee should be more coarse than that used for a drip brew coffee filter , and far coarser than that used for espresso . Anything other than a coarse grind will go through the press filter and into the coffee .
Sometimes it is also called a melior -LRB- from an old brand of makers of coffee pots of this type -RRB- or a Bodum -LRB- another brand -RRB- .
In Australia , South Africa and Ireland it is known as a coffee plunger and coffee brewed in it is known as plunger coffee .
French pressed coffee is often stronger and thicker than drip-brewed one .
The French press is also more portable than other coffee makers .
Its French name is cafetiÃ re Ã piston .
A French press -LRB- also called press pot , coffee press , coffee plunger or cafetiÃ re -RRB- is a special machine used to make coffee .
In the UK the device is known as a cafetiÃ re -LRB- the French word for `` coffee pot '' -RRB- .
Because the coffee grounds are in direct contact with the brewing water , coffee brewed with the French press gets more of the coffee 's flavor and essential oils . These usually are trapped in a traditional drip brew machine 's paper filters .
Because the coffee grounds are in direct contact with the brewing water , coffee brewed with the French press gets more of the coffee 's flavor and essential oils .
Je -LRB- Ð , Ñ -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet , used in the Serbian , Macedonian , Azeri , and Altai languages .
Deposed Queen Lady Yun or Waste Queen Lady Yun -LRB- korea : í ë ì ì '' , hanja : å '' cents å å æ , 1445 ?
- August 16 1482 -RRB- was Queen of Joseon Dynasty , King of Joseon Dynasty Seongjong 's Second Wife , Mother of King Yeonsan .
The Summer of Love is the name for the summer of 1967 in the United States , especially in the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco , California .
Thousands of young people from all over the world went to San Francisco to help create a hippie counterculture . The Summer of Love made the rest of America much more aware of the hippie movement .
Louis Angelo Marcon -LRB- born May 28 , 1935 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player . His career included 60 games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings .
There are several ways flame retardants work .
Alfred Pritchard Sloan , Jr. -LRB- May 23 , 1875 â `` February 17 , 1966 -RRB- was the president and chairman of General Motors .
Springdale is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Isao Homma -LRB- born 19 April 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Albirex Niigata .
A senior NASA administrator also stated in 2007 that NASA aims `` to put a man on Mars by 2037 '' .
NASA was preceded by the `` National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics '' -LRB- NACA -RRB- .
NASA or the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is the part of the United States government that deals with space Exploration and aeronautics , the operating and designing of planes .
The projects main success came in 1969 when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon as part of Apollo 11 .
Grand-Corent is a commune .
Ã bouleau is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Anand is one of a small group of players to break the 2800 mark on the FIDE rating list , and in April 2007 at the age of 37 , he became world number one for the first time .
Anand has retained the world title by beating Veselin Topalov 6 Â 1\/2 â `` 5 Â 1\/2 in May 2010 .
In October 2008 , he dropped out of the world top three ranking for the first time since July 1996 .
He was at the top of the world rankings five out of six times , from April 2007 to July 2008 , holding the number one ranking for a total of 15 months .
In 2007 he was awarded India 's second highest civilian award , the Padma Vibhushan .
He is also the first recipient of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award in 1991 â `` 92 , India 's highest sporting honor .
Viswanathan Anand , known as Vishy , -LRB- born 11 December 1969 -RRB- is the current World Chess Champion .
Anand held the FIDE World Chess Championship from 2000 to 2002 , at a time when the world title was split .
He became the undisputed World Champion in 2007 and defended his title against Vladimir Kramnik in 2008 .
Veltheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Life as We Know It is a 2010 romantic , comedy-drama movie that was produced by Barry Josephson and Paul Brooks and was directed by Greg Berlanti .
The movie was released on October 8 , 2010 .
Hayden is a city of Kootenai County in the state of Idaho in the United States .
The capital is the city of Fukushima .
It is divided by mountain ranges into three regions called -LRB- from west to east -RRB- Aizu , NakadÅ ri , and HamadÅ ri .
Fukushima is the prefecture that is furthest south in the TÅ hoku region . It is the part of TÅ hoku closest to Tokyo .
Fukushima Prefecture -LRB- ç å ç , Fukushima-ken ? -RRB- is located in the TÅ hoku region on the island of HonshÅ `` , Japan , approximately 300 km north of Tokyo .
HamadÅ ri is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean and is the flattest and most temperate region . NakadÅ ri is the most important agricultural part of the prefecture .
Aizu is a tourist destination and has many mountains , scenic lakes , forests , and snowy winters .
The North East MRT Line -LRB- NEL -RRB- was the third Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore . It is the world 's second longest fully-underground , automated and driverless , rapid transit line after Singapore 's Circle MRT Line .
The line joins central Singapore to the north-eastern part of the island .
Transfer to the North South Line is done at Dhoby Ghaut station , East West Line at Outram Park station and Circle Line at Serangoon and Dhoby Ghaut stations .
The line is 20 km long with 16 stations and operated by SBS Transit .
The future Downtown Line will interchange with the North East Line at Chinatown and Little India stations .
This line is colored purple in the rail map .
This line is the first in Singapore to be totally underground .
Travelling from one end of this line to the other end takes about half an hour .
Calculations suggest that a typical Ophthalmosaurus could stay submerged for approximately 20 minutes or more .
The size of the eyes and the sclerotic rings suggests that Ophthalmosaurus hunted at a depth where there is not much light or that it may have hunted at night when a prey species was more active .
They were protected by bony plates -LRB- sclerotic rings -RRB- , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
Ophthalmosaurus had the largest eyes of any vertebrate relative to its body size . Its eyes , 4 inches in diameter , occupied most of the space in the skull .
The swimming speed of Ophthalmosaurus has been estimated at 2.5 metres per second or greater . Even assuming a conservative speed of 1 m\/s , an Ophthalmosaurus would be able to dive to 600 meters and return to the surface within 20 minutes .
Weilheim is a town in the rural district Weilheim-Schongau in Upper Bavaria , Germany . It is the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau .
It is also the home of the University of Iowa .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Iowa City Clinton St. jpg thumb -LRB- 800x562 -RRB- px right Iowa City -RRB- -RRB- Iowa City is a city of Iowa in the United States and county seat of Johnson County , Iowa .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Iowa City Clinton St. jpg thumb -LRB- 800x562 -RRB- px right Iowa City -RRB- -RRB- Iowa City is a city of Iowa in the United States and county seat of Johnson County , Iowa . It was the first capital city of Iowa , before the capital was moved to Des Moines .
It is the municipality with the longest name in Germany .
HÃ henkirchen-Siegertsbrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural Distrcit in Upper Bavaria , Germany . It lies south of Munich .
Jean Racine -LRB- December 22 , 1639 â `` April 21 , 1699 -RRB- was a French playwright . He was one of the most famous of the 17th century in France -LRB- with MoliÃ re and Corneille -RRB- .
University of Arizona is a public research university in Arizona , United States .
A federal republic is a federation of states , with a republican form of central government .
When the amount of people in Ionia was last counted in 2000 , there were 277 people living there .
Ionia is a city in Iowa in the United States .
Anno Domini -LRB- Latin : `` In the year of -LRB- our -RRB- Lord '' -RRB- , shortened as AD or A.D. , is used to refer to the years after the birth of Jesus .
When he devised his table , Julian calendar years were identified by naming the consuls who held office that year â '' he himself stated that the `` present year '' was `` the consulship of Probus Junior -LRB- Flavius Probus -RRB- '' , which he also stated was 525 years `` since the incarnation -LRB- conception -RRB- of our Lord Jesus Christ '' .
He used it to identify the several Easters in his Easter table . He did not use it to date any historical event .
He became famous in the 1990s as the character Shawn Hunter in the television comedy show Boy Meets World .
Rider King Strong -LRB- born December 11 , 1979 -RRB- is an American film and television actor .
PrÃ mont is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Claudio Ubeda -LRB- born 17 September 1969 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
This is the thinner of the two main types .
As to when xocolatl was first made warm , sources are not sure about when and by whom .
They then poured the drink back and forth from a cup to a pot until a foam was created .
Some studies have shown that hot chocolate may be healthy because of antioxidants that are in cocoa .
Hot chocolate and churros is the normal working-man 's breakfast in Spain .
Even when the first Chocolate house -LRB- a store like a coffee shop now -RRB- opened in 1657 , the drink still cost a lot . A pound cost 50 to 75 pence -LRB- between 50 and 75 USD now -RRB- .
To make the drink , the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste and mixed it with water , cornmeal , chile peppers , and spices .
By using cocoa powder and a little bit of cocoa butter , bar chocolate was then able to be made .
As Europe was where hot chocolate was first made popular , there are many different types .
Hot chocolate of this type is often sold in tablets or bars which can be put into hot milk , water or cream .
Sweet hot chocolate was then made , making hot chocolate a luxury item with the European royalty in the 17th century .
Some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe serve a `` warme chocolade '' or `` chocolat chaud '' . This is a cup of heated milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to put in the milk .
The Aztec kind of the drink was bitter and spicy , and was called xocolatl . It was made a lot like the Mayan chocolate drinks .
By the 1400s , the Aztecs took over a large part of Mesoamerica , and took cacao into their culture .
The fruit , called a cacao pod , is shaped like an oval , 15 â `` 30 cm -LRB- 6 â `` 12 in . -RRB- long and 8 â `` 10 cm -LRB- 3 â `` 4 in . -RRB-
Then , chocolate cost a lot in Europe because the cacao beans only grew in South America .
From the 16th to 19th centuries , hot chocolate was used as a medicine and a drink .
In the United Kingdom , `` hot chocolate '' is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water , and powder with chocolate , sugar , and powdered milk .
The first time Europeans saw chocolate was in the 16th century when Montezuma -LRB- who was ruler of the Aztec then -RRB- showed xocolatl to HernÃ n CortÃ s , a Spanish conquistador .
Hot chocolate -LRB- also called hot cocoa , drinking chocolate or just cocoa -RRB- is a hot drink .
This powder â '' like the cocoa powder used now â '' was easier to stir into milk and water , and led to solid chocolate .
Mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is often served with a variety of Mexican breads or pastries called pan dulce and churros .
It was still a drink , but the Europeans added sugar to sweeten it , and took out the chili pepper . They also added vanilla , cinnamon , and other spices .
Caffeine in the cocoa that is in hot chocolate may also make bad health effects .
After coming to Europe , the drink slowly got popularity .
They thought of chocolate with Xochiquetzal , the goddess of pregnancy .
Maya of all social classes could get the drink , but the rich drank chocolate from fancy vessels or cups .
Among the thick types of hot chocolate served in Europe is the Italian cioccolata densa .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were not made yet .
At this time , chocolate still was only the bitter drink made by the Mayans .
The first known use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras .
European hot chocolate first came to the U.S. as early as the 1600s by the Dutch , but the first time colonists began selling hot chocolate was around 1755 .
The first shipment of chocolate to Europe for sale purposes was a shipment from Veracruz to Sevilla in 1585 .
It is believed that the hot chocolate drink was first made by the Mayan people about 2,000 years ago . Another cocoa drink was made by the Aztecs by 1400 .
What the Spanish then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
Chocolate is made from cocoa , the dried and partly fermented seeds of the cacao tree -LRB- Theobroma cacao -RRB- . The cacao tree is a small -LRB- 4 â `` 8 m -LRB- 15 â `` 26 ft. -RRB- tall -RRB- pine tree found in the deep tropical areas of the Americas .
This style of hot chocolate can be very thick , often being like warm chocolate pudding .
Hot chocolate has a lot of antioxidants that may be good for the health .
The press took apart the greasy cocoa butter from cacao seeds , leaving a chocolate powder behind .
The biggest difference between the two is the cocoa butter , which makes hot cocoa have less fat than hot chocolate , so it is better for one 's health .
`` Hot cocoa '' is made from a mix of cocoa , sugar and ingredients , all powdered , to make the drink thick without cocoa butter . `` Hot chocolate '' is made right from bars of chocolate , which has cocoa , sugar and cocoa butter in it .
It is very sweet and often is served with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
The words `` hot chocolate '' and `` hot cocoa '' are sometimes used instead of each other , but there is actually a difference between the two .
In the late 1600s , Hans Sloane , president of the Royal College of Physicians , went toJamaica .
After defeating Montezumaâ s warriors and taking the Aztec 's riches , CortÃ s went back to Spain in 1528 . He brought cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
`` Hot chocolate '' is made right from bars of chocolate , which has cocoa , sugar and cocoa butter in it .
In 1828 , Coenraad Johannes van Houten made the first cocoa powder making machine in the Netherlands .
In Mexico , hot chocolate is still popular .
The Maya are usually given credit for making the first chocolate drink over 2,000 years ago .
Vanilla , chile pepper , and achiote were added to the drink , and it was believed to fight tiredness , which is because of the theobromine content , a mood enhancer .
American hot cocoa powder can be made with powdered milk so it can be made without milk .
The drink tasted spicy and bitter , unlike today 's hot chocolate .
Because sugar had not come to the Americas , xocolatl was said to be something that one did not like in the beginning .
The scientific name , theobroma , means `` food of the gods '' .
Explorer Francisco HernÃ ndez wrote that chocolate drinks helped fever and diseases of the liver .
Because cacao would not grow in central Mexico and had to be brought into the empire , chocolate was an important luxury good in the Aztec empire . Because of this , cocoa beans were used as money .
When he came back to England , he brought the recipe with him , bringing milk chocolate to Europe .
However , Jose de Acosta , a Spanish Jesuit missionary who lived in Peru and then Mexico in the later 16th century , described xocolatl as a drink with a bitter taste that the natives liked a lot .
The court of King Charles V soon began drinking it , and what was then only called `` chocolate '' became a popular drink with the Spanish upper class .
`` Cocoa '' usually means a similar drink made with just hot milk and cocoa powder , then made sweeter with sugar .
German types are also known for being very thick and heavy .
Hot chocolate is usually drank in cold weather and winter in the United States . It is not taken with meals very often .
When chocolate first came to France in the 17th century , it was used `` to fight against fits of anger and bad moods '' .
Today , hot chocolate is used around the world . It comes in many different types such as the very thick cioccolata densa in Italy , and the thinner hot cocoa that is usually drunk in the United States .
Another explorer , Santiago de Valverde Turices , thought that large amounts of hot chocolate were good for fixing chest problems , and small amounts could help stomach problems .
The term `` chocolate '' then came to mean solid chocolate , instead of hot chocolate .
Hot chocolate can be made with dark , semisweet , or bittersweet chocolate . It is cut into small pieces and stirred into milk with sugar .
Montezuma 's rulers were said to drink about 2000 cups of xocolatl per day , 50 of which were drank by Montezuma himself .
Besides the instant powder form , Mexican hot chocolate uses semi-sweet chocolate , cinnamon , sugar and vanilla .
Hot chocolate -LRB- also called hot cocoa , drinking chocolate or just cocoa -RRB- is a hot drink . It is usually made by mixing chocolate or cocoa powder and sugar with warm milk or water .
It was released on January 17 , 1992 by Lookout !
Kerplunk -LRB- also known as Kerplunk ! -RRB- is the second full-length album by punk rock band Green Day .
There is a hypothesis that induced abortion raises the risk of getting breast cancer .
64 % of those reported were by vacuum aspiration , 6 % by D&E , and 30 % were medical .
90.9 % were done by curettage , 7.7 % were medical abortions -LRB- using drugs , mifepristone in most cases -RRB- , 0.4 % by `` intrauterine instillation '' -LRB- saline or prostaglandin -RRB- , and 1.0 % by `` other '' -LRB- including hysterotomy and hysterectomy -RRB- .
People speak of spontaneous abortion or miscarriage when the embryo or fetus is lost due to natural causes before the 20th week of pregnancy .
One particular study showed a rate of pregnancy in exposed ovulatory cycles of 59.6 % ; with 61.9 % of conceptuses lost before twelve weeks . 91.7 % of these occuried subclinically , without the knowledge of the mother .
Male Gray langur monkeys may attack females following male takeover , causing miscarriage .
Premature births and stillbirths are generally not considered to be miscarriages .
Those people who have already had several spontaneous or induced abortions run a greater risk of having a spontaneous one .
Others , like Russia -LRB- 62.6 per 100 -RRB- and Vietnam -LRB- 43.7 per 100 -RRB- have a comparatively high rate .
Most spontaneous abortions occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
The Guttmacher Institute estimated that `` most abortions in the United States are obtained by minority women '' because minority women `` have much higher rates of unintended pregnancy . ''
In cows , abortion may be caused by contagious diseases , such as Brucellosis or Campylobacter . This can often be controlled by vaccination , though .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 and 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
Inconsistent use was reported by 49 % of those using condoms and 76 % of those using the combined oral contraceptive pill ; 42 % of those using condoms reported failure through slipping or breakage .
A pregnancy that ends this way , but that is between 20 and 37 weeks old is known as `` premature birth '' if the baby is born alive .
This is called an induced abortion .
Certain diseases or an accidental trauma can also cause a spontaneous abortion . Putting the woman under trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion .
Abortion may also be induced in animals , in the context of animal husbandry .
The Guttmacher Institute estimated there were 2,200 intact dilation and extraction procedures in the U.S. during 2000 - 0.17 % of the total number of abortions performed that year .
Another American study in 2002 concluded that 54 % of women who had an abortion were using a form of contraception at the time of becoming pregnant .
Such abortions are usually called unsafe abortions , back-alley abortions or DIY abortions , mainly because the risk to the health of the mother is much higher than with abortions carried out by skilled doctors .
For example , abortion may be induced in mares that have been mated improperly , or that have been purchased by owners who did not realize the mares were pregnant , or that are pregnant with twin foals .
Some countries , like Belgium -LRB- 11.2 per 100 known pregnancies -RRB- and the Netherlands -LRB- 10.6 per 100 -RRB- have a low rate of induced abortion .
In sheep , it may be caused by crowding through doors , or by being chased by dogs .
Women who had an abortion in Finland and the United States usually did not state that the pregnancy posed a risk to their health . In Bangladesh , India and Kenya , however , more such women thought the pregnancy was a risk to their health .
The risk of spontaneous abortion decreases sharply after the 10th week of pregnancy , with a loss rate between 8.5 weeks LMP and birth of about two percent ; pregnancy loss is â virtually complete by the end of the embryonic period . ''
The study found that having an induced abortion does not increase the risk of getting mental health problems ; the group that was compared were women who also did not want to have a baby , but who did not have an abortion . Other studies showed similar results : women who had an abortion did better in school or at work after the abortion .
Later abortions are more common in China , India , and other developing countries than in developed countries .
1 % of women in the 2004 survey-based U.S. study became pregnant as a result of rape and 0.5 % as a result of incest .
Feticide can occur in horses and zebras . Usually this is done because males harass pregnant mares or force copulation .
Spontaneous abortion occurs in various mammals .
Tourville-en-Auge is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
As of 2000 , the population is 14,154 .
Hughes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Holdenville .
Solar box cookers can be made of materials or be manufactured in a factory for sale .
There are many kinds of solar box cookers , from small cardboard boxes , that can be used to cook a single meal , to wood and glass boxes built into the sunny side of a house .
They use no fuel and cost nothing to run . They also help slow deforestation and desertification .
Although the solar cooker was invented by Horace de Saussure , a Swiss naturalist , as early as 1767 , solar box cookers have only become popular since the 1970s .
A solar cooker is a device that uses sunlight for energy .
Certain bacteria , fungi and algae are able to produce cyanides . Cyanides are also found in certain foods or plants .
The poisons referred to are usually hydrogen cyanide -LRB- HCN -RRB- , and the chemicals which are similar to it , like potassium cyanide -LRB- KCN -RRB- , and sodium cyanide -LRB- NaCN -RRB- . -LRB- Such substances are called derivatives of hydrogen cyanide -RRB- .
In plants , the cyanides are usually bound to sugar molecules .
Kerrea Gilbert -LRB- born 28 February 1987 -RRB- is an English football player .
Juan GÃ mez GonzÃ lez -LRB- born 10 November , 1954 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Auvers-le-Hamon is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
Wachtebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Entraunes is a commune .
The Black and Tans was a group of soldiers who suppressed the revolution in Ireland from 1920 to 1921 .
It was mainly made of of British veterans from World War I. Its main purpose was to target the Irish Republican Army . However , it also did many attacks Irish civilian population .
The family was caught in 1944 and Anne Frank died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp .
After the war , the diary was found by Anne 's father , Otto Frank . He was the only known survivor of the family .
The book is in several lists of the top books of the twentieth century .
The diary has now been published in more than 60 different languages .
It was first published as Het Achterhuis : Dagboekbrieven van 12 Juni 1942 -- 1 Augustus 1944 -LRB- The Annex : diary notes from 12 June 1942 -- 1 August 1944 -RRB- by Contact Publishing in Amsterdam in 1947 . After it was translated into English as Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl by Doubleday & Company -LRB- United States -RRB- and Valentine Mitchell -LRB- United Kingdom -RRB- in 1952 , it became very famous critically .
After the war , the diary was found by Anne 's father , Otto Frank .
The Diary of a Young Girl is a Dutch diary written by Anne Frank .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , rivers , freshwater springs , plantations , rural gardens , urban areas , ponds , and irrigated land .
Bufo olivaceus is a species of toad in the Bufonidae family .
It is found in Iran , Pakistan , and possibly Afghanistan .
The book received the 1961 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Author Harper Lee was born and raised in Monroeville .
Monroeville is a city in Monroe County , Alabama , United States .
At the 2000 census , the population was 6,862 .
In her book To Kill a Mockingbird , the fictional town of Maycomb is modeled on her hometown .
The city is the county seat of Monroe County .
Baldur Benedikt von Schirach -LRB- 9 May 1907 -- 8 August 1974 -RRB- was a Nazi youth leader . He was later convicted of being a war criminal .
Schirach was the head of the Hitler-Jugend -LRB- HJ , Hitler Youth -RRB- , Gauleiter and Reichsstatthalter -LRB- `` Reich Governor '' -RRB- of Vienna .
Gregorian calendar switch : The year 1582 -LRB- MDLXXXII -RRB- involved conversion to the Gregorian calendar .
Other countries continued to use the Julian calendar , switching over to the Gregorian in later years .
It continued as normal through Thursday , October 4 .
Tunnel of Love is the fourth EP by the American Horrorcore band , Insane Clown Posse . It was released on June 11 , 1996 .
A XXX Version which contained different cover art and a bonus track was also released at the same time .
The Alaskan Klee Kai is a northern breed of dog of spitz type . The term `` Klee Kai '' was derived from Alaskan Athabaskan words meaning `` small dog '' .
The Alaskan Klee Kai is a northern breed of dog of spitz type .
-LRB- citation needed -RRB- The breed was developed to create a companion sized version of the Alaskan Husky -LRB- although it more closely resembles the Siberian Husky -RRB- , resulting in an energetic , intelligent , apartment-sized dog with an appearance that reflects its northern heritage .
The term `` Klee Kai '' was derived from Alaskan Athabaskan words meaning `` small dog '' .
The American is a 2010 thriller-drama movie that was based on the novel A Very Private Gentleman by Martin Booth .
The film was released on September 1 , 2010 and gained a mediocre response from critics .
The Canadian Expeditionary Force Command is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for military deployments and operations outside Canada .
While in Britian , Sorcha finds a new danger in the form of Lord Richard , Red 's uncle .
Having lost her mother at birth , Sorcha is almost ignored by her father .
When Red returns to Britain , Sorcha accompanies him .
Red believes that Sorcha knows something about his brother , Simon . Sorcha had nursed Simon back to health after his capture by Lord Colum .
Sorcha agrees to this and spends several years in the forest hiding as she works on the shirts .
The story is a twist on the classic tale of `` The Six Swans . ''
A girl must sew six shirts from a painful plant in order to save her brothers from a witch 's curse . She must not speak until the task is finished .
Sorcha stays with Red as she works on the shirts .
Her father 's new wife , the Lady Oonagh , attacks Sorcha and her brothers . Sorcha alone is able to flee into the forest and escape .
Sorcha learns that if she can spin six shirts from a painful plant she can free her brothers from the spell .
Sorcha must fend off the attacks of Richard as she works to save her brothers .
Daughter of the Forest is a fantasy novel by Juliet Marillier first published in 1999 It is based on `` The Six Swans '' -LRB- a story that has many versions , one of which by the Brothers Grimm -RRB- .
Sorcha , the seventh child of Irish Lord Colum of Sevenwaters , has been raised by her six older brothers .
After several years of hard work , Sorcha is saved from drowning by a British lord , Hugh of Harrowfield -LRB- known as `` Red '' -RRB- .
Sorcha 's brothers , however , have been turned into swans .
Iftar , refers to the evening meal for breaking sawm -LRB- fasting -RRB- during the Islamic month of Ramadan .
Patrick M. Byrne -LRB- born 1962 , Fort Wayne , Indiana , United States -RRB- is the CEO and chairman of Overstock.com .
Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Dera Ismail Khan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 21 Union Councils of Pakistan , four of which form the headquarters - Dera Ismail Khan .
EstrÃ es-la-Campagne is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Such states are usually formed from part or all of the territory of another nation or failed nation , or are breakaway territories from within the parent state .
A declaration of independence is a proclamation of the independence of an aspiring state or states .
This article is about declarations of independence in general .
Declarations of independence are typically made without the consent of the parent state , and hence are sometimes called unilateral declarations of independence -LRB- UDI -RRB- , particularly by those who question the validity of the declarations .
Nagua is a Dominican city and the head municipality of the MarÃ a Trinidad SÃ nchez province , on the northeast -LRB- Atlantic -RRB- coast of the country .
Escobar formerly played for the Milwaukee Brewers from 2008-2010 before being traded along with Lorenzo Cain , Jeremy Jeffress , Jake Odorizzi for Zack Greinke and Yuniesky Betancourt .
Alicedes Escobar -LRB- born December 16 , 1986 in La Sabana , Venezuela -RRB- is a Venezuelan baseball player . He currently plays as an infielder for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- .
Syracuse was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1966 .
Syracuse University is a private research university located in Syracuse , New York .
It was founded as a university in 1870 , but started off as a seminary founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1832 which eventually became Genesee College .
Buchberg is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
He has also won a record 19 ATP Masters Series titles and the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles . He is a part of the Spain Davis Cup team and has won it three times , in 2004 , 2008 and 2009 .
Gladbrook is a city of Iowa in the United States .
She and her younger brother Palaash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need money for treatment of heart Disease .
Palak Muchhal is teenager singer from Indore , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Kigali -LRB- pronounced either as ` Kigali ' or ` Chigali ' -RRB- is the capital city of Rwanda .
It is on their third album Survivor 2001 and was the second single from the album .
It was their fourth U.S. number-one single and reached the top-five in Australia , Canada and the United Kingdom .
Octavio Paz Lozano -LRB- March 31 , 1914 â `` April 19 , 1998 -RRB- was a Mexican writer , poet , and diplomat . He won the 1990 Nobel Prize in Literature .
On April 19 , 1998 , Paz died of cancer in Mexico City , Mexico .
Calgary first tried for the Olympics in 1964 , and again in 1968 .
Tamotsu Komatsuzaki -LRB- born 10 July 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team from Seattle , Washington .
They are currently members of the Western Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Vatra MoldoviÅ # ei is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Michelle Elizabeth Keegan -LRB- born 3 June , 1987 -RRB- is a British actress who stars as Tina Mcintre in Coronation Street .
A video projector may also be built into a cabinet with a rear-projection screen to form a single unified display device , now popular for â home theaterâ applications .
Video projectors are widely used for conference room presentations , classroom training , and home theater applications .
A video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a screen using a lens system .
Common display resolutions for a portable projector include SVGA -LRB- 800 Ã -- 600 pixels -RRB- , XGA -LRB- 1024 Ã -- 768 pixels -RRB- , and 720p -LRB- 1280 Ã -- 720 pixels -RRB- .
All video projectors use a very bright light to project the image , and most modern ones can correct any curves , blurriness , and other inconsistencies through manual settings .
The airline mainly serves destinations in the United States , along with flights to the Caribbean , the Bahamas , Bermuda , and Mexico .
JetBlue Airways is an American low-cost airline owned by JetBlue Airways Corporation .
In 2001 , JetBlue began a focus city operation at Long Beach in Los Angeles County , California , and another at Logan International Airport , Boston in 2004 . It also has focus city operations at Fort Lauderdale , Oakland International Airport , and at Washington-Dulles , as well as Orlando International Airport .
It also has focus city operations at Fort Lauderdale , Oakland International Airport , and at Washington-Dulles , as well as Orlando International Airport .
Its home airport is John F. Kennedy International Airport .
The company is headquartered in the Forest Hills neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens .
In 2001 , JetBlue began a focus city operation at Long Beach in Los Angeles County , California , and another at Logan International Airport , Boston in 2004 .
They are in the genus Phoenicopterus and family Phoenicopteridae .
There are six species of Flamingo .
Fressin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Historically , after the Meiji Restoration , HyÅ `` ga Province was renamed Miyazaki Prefecture .
It is one of only two locations on Earth where the fungus Chorioactis geaster is found .
Miyazaki Prefecture is located on the eastern coast of the island of KyÅ `` shÅ `` .
Surrounded by the Pacific Ocean to the south and east , Å ita Prefecture to the north , and Kumamoto and Kagoshima Prefectures to the west .
In May 2010 the Governor declared a state of emergency because of foot and mouth disease .
Its capital is Miyazaki .
See Abolition of the han system article for detailed discussion .
In 2007 , Rubin was listed among Time Magazines 100 Most Influential People in The World .
Frederick Jay `` Rick '' Rubin -LRB- born March 10 1963 in Long Island , New York -RRB- is an American record producer . He is currently in charge of Columbia Records .
MTV called him `` the most important producer of the last 20 years . ''
JoÃ # o Moutinho -LRB- born 8 September 1986 -RRB- is a Portuguese football player .
Takeo Harada -LRB- born 2 October 1971 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for V-Varen Nagasaki .
The plant stems can reach 1 â `` 3 m in length .
The forked leaves are brittle and stiff to the touch in some species , softer in others .
Ceratophyllum is a genus of flowering plants , commonly found in ponds , marshes , and quiet streams in tropical and in temperate regions .
Ceratophyllum grows completely submerged , usually , though not always , floating on the surface , and does not tolerate drought .
At intervals along nodes of the stem they produce rings of bright green leaves , which are narrow and often much-branched .
She earned a master 's degree in zoology in June 1932 .
After her death , Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Jimmy Carter .
She began writing stories -LRB- often involving animals -RRB- at age eight , and had her first story published at age eleven .
After a summer course at the Marine Biological Laboratory , she continued her studies in zoology and genetics at Johns Hopkins in the fall of 1929 .
The series of fifty-two seven-minute programs focused on aquatic life and was intended to generate public interest in fish biology and in the work of the bureauâ '' a task the several writers before Carson had not managed .
Though admitted to graduate standing at Johns Hopkins University in 1928 , she was forced to remain at the Pennsylvania College for Women for her senior year due to financial difficulties ; she graduated magna cum laude in 1929 .
She had intended to continue for a doctorate , but in 1934 Carson was forced to leave Johns Hopkins to search for a full-time teaching position to help support her family .
Together , her sea trilogy explores the whole of ocean life , from the shores to the surface to the deep sea .
Rachel Carson was born on May 27 , 1907 on a small family farm near Springdale , Pennsylvania , just up the Allegheny River from Pittsburgh .
After false starts with pit vipers and squirrels , she completed a dissertation project on the embryonic development of the pronephros in fish .
The natural world , particularly the ocean , was the common thread of her favorite literature .
She originally studied English , but switched her major to biology in January 1928 , though she continued contributing to the school 's student newspaper and literary supplement .
In 1935 , her father died suddenly , leaving Carson to care for her aging mother and making the financial situation even more critical .
Silent Spring spurred a reversal in national pesticide policyâ '' leading to a nationwide ban on DDT and other pesticidesâ '' and the grassroots environmental movement the book inspired led to the creation of the Environmental Protection Agency .
At the Pennsylvania College for Women -LRB- today known as Chatham University -RRB- , as in high school , Carson was somewhat of a loner .
The result was Silent Spring -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , which brought environmental concerns to an unprecedented portion of the American public .
Rachel Louise Carson -LRB- May 27 , 1907 â `` April 14 , 1964 -RRB- was an American marine biologist and nature writer whose writings are credited with advancing the global environmental movement .
Her next book , The Edge of the Sea , and the republished version of her first book , Under the Sea Wind , were also bestsellers .
At the urging of her undergraduate biology mentor Mary Scott Skinker , she settled for a temporary position with the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries writing radio copy for a series of weekly educational broadcasts entitled `` Romance Under the Waters '' .
She also spent a lot of time exploring around her 65 a farm .
Carson also began submitting articles on marine life in the Chesapeake Bay , based on her research for the series , to local newspapers and magazines .
Carson 's supervisor , pleased with the success of the radio series , asked her to write the introduction to a public brochure about the fisheries bureau ; he also worked to secure her the first full-time position that became available .
Her widely praised 1951 bestseller The Sea Around Us won her financial security and recognition as a gifted writer .
After her first year of graduate school , Carson became a part-time student , taking an assistantship in Raymond Pearl 's laboratory , where she worked with rats and Drosophila , to earn money for tuition .
Carson attended Springdale 's small school through tenth grade , then completed high school in nearby Parnassus , Pennsylvania , graduating in 1925 at the top of her class of forty-four students .
She especially enjoyed the St. Nicholas Magazine -LRB- which carried her first published stories -RRB- , the works of Beatrix Potter , and the novels of Gene Stratton Porter , and in her teen years , Herman Melville , Joseph Conrad and Robert Louis Stevenson .
Sitting for the civil service exam , she outscored all other applicants and in 1936 became only the second woman to be hired by the Bureau of Fisheries for a full-time , professional position , as a junior aquatic biologist .
In the late 1950s , Carson turned her attention to conservation and the environmental problems caused by synthetic pesticides .
Carson started her career as a biologist in the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries , and became a full-time nature writer in the 1950s .
A context switch can mean a register context switch , a task context switch , a thread context switch , or a process context switch .
A context switch is the computing process of saving and restoring the state -LRB- context -RRB- of a CPU such that multiple processes can share a single CPU resource .
A context switch can mean a register context switch , a task context switch , a thread context switch , or a process context switch . What will be switched is determined by the processor and the operating system .
What will be switched is determined by the processor and the operating system .
The context switch is an essential feature of a multitasking operating system .
Context switches are usually time consuming and much of the design of operating systems is to minimize the time of context switches .
Since 2003 , McAllister has been the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony , of which he has been a member since 1998 .
His father , James Buchanan McAllister , was a British civil servant , originally from Glasgow -LRB- where the family still has relatives -RRB- . He had been stationed in West Berlin since 1969 , attached to the Royal Corps of Signals .
He served as mayor of his hometown of Bad Bederkesa from 2001 to 2002 .
I 've lived in Germany all my life .
McAllister succeeded Christian Wulff as party chairman of the CDU in Lower Saxony in June 2008 , winning the election by a record margin .
McAllister heads a coalition government with the liberal FDP , the Cabinet McAllister .
After the election of Wulff as President , David McAllister was elected the new Minister-President of Lower Saxony the following day .
His mother , Mechthild McAllister , is a music teacher .
His upbringing in West Berlin , however , he describes as `` very British '' with `` British network , British schools '' .
From 2002 to 2003 , he also was secretary general of the CDU in Lower Saxony .
David McAllister is both a German and a British citizen , but says that he is `` more or less completely German .
From 1989 till 1991 , McAllister served as a soldier in the Bundeswehr , in Panzerbataillon 74 in Cuxhaven .
I became a member of the CDU when I was 17 â `` it was a birthday present .
After his parents moved to the small town of Bad Bederkesa in Lower Saxony in 1982 , he went to the Lower Saxon Internatsgymnasium -LRB- boarding school -RRB- in Bederkesa , where he took his Abitur in 1989 .
â I said I wanted to become a member of the CDU '' , explaining that his father was a Conservative , although none of his parents were involved in party politics .
McAllister was born in West Berlin on 12 January 1971 to a Scottish father and a German mother .
David McAllister was raised bilingual -LRB- speaking English and German -RRB- and attended a British primary school in Berlin .
I did all my school in Germany and my military service in Germany . ''
David James `` Mac '' McAllister -LRB- born 12 January 1971 -RRB- is a German politician of the conservative Christian Democratic Union -LRB- CDU -RRB- .
On 1 July 2010 he was elected Minister-President of the state of Lower Saxony , succeeding Christian Wulff , who resigned following his election as President of Germany .
Holding dual citizenship , he could have relinquished his German citizenship to avoid compulsory military service in Germany -LRB- the UK does not have compulsory military service -RRB- , but opted to serve instead .
My parents said , â What do you want for your birthday ?
In 1994 , McAllister became local chairman of the Junge Union , the CDU youth organization , in the Cuxhaven district .
From 1991 â `` 96 he studied law with a scholarship of the Konrad Adenauer Foundation at the University of Hanover .
He is married to Dunja McAllister , who is also a lawyer .
In 2005 , Chancellor Angela Merkel offered him the position of Secretary General of the CDU , but McAllister declined , arguing he did not want to rise too far too fast .
In the United Kingdom , McAllister is a supporter of the Conservative Party .
From 1996 till 2010 , McAllister was a member of the Cuxhaven district council -LRB- Kreistag -RRB- .
Proud of his Scottish heritage , McAllister proposed to his wife at Loch Ness , and married in August 2003 , wearing a kilt .
They have two daughters named Jamie Elizabeth and Mia Louise .
McAllister is of German and Scottish descent , and he leads a state that has historic ties to Britain , as the old Kingdom of Hanover makes up parts of the state and the state capital is Hanover City .
He later explained it was a family tradition .
A lawyer by profession , he has been the chairman of the CDU parliamentary group in the Landtag of Lower Saxony from 2003 to 2010 and was elected chairman of the state party in 2008 .
He lives in Bad Bederkesa in the district of Cuxhaven .
Since 2010 , he is also a member of the supervisory board of Volkswagen .
He was subsequently also appointed to the supervisory board of Volkswagen , the largest company of Lower Saxony and of which the state of Lower Saxony is a major stockholder .
On 4 June 2010 , he was chosen by his party to follow Christian Wulff as Minister-President of Lower Saxony , if the latter was to be elected President of Germany on 30 June .
McAllister has said that `` my upbringing in West Berlin may have had an impact on my resentment towards communists .
A solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy .
The nearest villages are Hopesay and Aston-on-Clun .
Burrow is a hill in Shropshire with an Iron Age hill fort at the top that is known as Burrow Camp .
It was possibly very important during the Iron Age as it has two natural springs .
Villes-sur-Auzon is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Takao Nishiyama -LRB- born 7 January 1942 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Orselina is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Highland is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Paul Menard -LRB- born August 21 , 1980 in Eau Claire , Wisconsin -RRB- is an American racecar driver .
Menard drives the # 27 Menards Chevrolet for both Richard Childress Racing and runs part-time for Kevin Harvick Inc. in the NASCAR Sprint Cup series and Nationwide Series .
Max Mirnyi -LRB- born July 6 , 1977 , in Minsk -RRB- is a tennis player from Belarus .
A doubles specialist , he holds seven Grand Slam titles : men 's doubles in the 2000 and 2002 US Open and 2005 and 2006 French Open ; and mixed doubles in the 1998 and 2007 U.S. Opens and 1998 Wimbledon .
The books are about the life of former newspaper reporter James Qwilleran , and his two Siamese cats , KoKo and Yum Yum .
Lilian Jackson Braun -LRB- born 1913 -RRB- is an American writer . She is most well known for her `` The Cat Who ... '' series of mystery books .
The mean anomalies for the two points are calculated and their difference is found .
Unlike other measures of anomaly , the mean anomaly grows linearly with time . Because of the linear growth with time , the mean anomaly makes calculating the time of flight between two points on the orbit very easy .
Montmerle-sur-Sa Ã ne is a commune .
Once Upon A Time in the West -LRB- 1968 -RRB- -LRB- ita : C ` era una volta il West -RRB- is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone with music Ennio Morricone and starring by Claudia Cardinale , Henry Fonda , Charles Bronson and Jason Robards .
Milton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The doctor told Gehrig he had only a short time to live . On July 4 , 1939 , there was a special observation of Gehrig by the other Yankees , and Gehrig gave a public talk that became well-known .
Henry Louis Gehrig -LRB- born Ludwig Heinrich Gehrig ; June 19 , 1903 â '' June 2 , 1941 -RRB- was an American baseball player .
He played with the Yankees for most of his playing time which started in 1923 and ended in 1939 .
This subtemplate is supposed to be empty .
The sickle-claws of the dromaeosaurid Deinonychus have a curvature of 160 degrees , well within the range of climbing animals .
Some , and probably all , dromaeosaurs were covered in feathers , including large , vaned , wing and tail feathers .
Ostrom compared Deinonychus to the ostrich and cassowary .
Like other theropods , dromaeosaurs were bipedal ; that is , they walked on their hind legs .
Dromaeosaurs were small to medium-sized dinosaurs , ranging from about 0.7 meters in length -LRB- 2.3 ft , in the case of Mahakala -RRB- to over 6m -LRB- 20 ft , in Utahraptor and Achillobator -RRB- .
Turner et al . also inferred that flight evolved only in the Avialae , and these two points suggested that the ancestral dromaeosaurid could not glide or fly .
The enlarged second toe bore an unusually large , curved sickle-shaped claw . It is thought to have been used in capturing prey and , in the smaller species , climbing trees .
He noted that the bird species can inflict serious injury with the large claw on the second toe .
Martin asserted for decades that birds were unrelated to maniraptorans , but in 2004 he changed his position , and now he agrees that the two are the closest of relatives .
The depiction of the dromaeosaur in the original Jurassic Park film , while accurate for its time , is now known to have been inaccurate in some respects , such as the lack of feathers .
However , the size of the Velociraptor in the film is much larger than the largest members of that genus .
In 2002 , Hwang and colleagues suggested that birds -LRB- avialans -RRB- were better thought of as cousins to the dromaeosaurids and troodontids .
The family Dromaeosauridae was named in 1922 , with only one new genus Dromaeosaurus .
Some were larger ; undescribed specimens of Utahraptor in BYU collections may have been up to 11 m long .
Xu and colleagues in 2003 cited the basal position of Microraptor , along with feather and wing features , as evidence that the ancestral dromaeosaur could glide .
Many other dromaeosaur fossils have been found with feathers covering their bodies , some with fully-developed feathered wings .
Another species of dromaeosaur , Microraptor gui , may have been capable of gliding using its well-developed wings on both the fore and hind limbs .
Most of the tail vertebrae bear bony , rod-like extensions , as well as bony tendons in some species .
In 2002 , Hwang et al . found that Microraptor was the most primitive dromaeosaur .
A consensus of paleontologists has concluded that there is not yet enough evidence to say whether any dromaeosaurs could fly or glide , or whether they evolved from ancestors that could .
The first , Rahonavis ostromi was originally classified as avian bird , but found to be a dromaeosaur in later studies . It may have been capable of powered flight .
Velociraptor , a dromaeosaur , got attention after it was featured in the 1993 Steven Spielberg film Jurassic Park .
It has been proposed that this tail was used as a stabilizer and\/or counterweight while running . In Microraptor , an elongate diamond-shaped fan of feathers is preserved on the end of the tail .
The ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least two dromaeosaur genera .
However , one well-preserved specimen of Velociraptor mongoliensis -LRB- IGM 100\/986 -RRB- has an articulated tail skeleton which is curved horizontally in an S-shape .
The current consensus among paleontologists agrees with Hwang that dromaeosaurids are most closely related to the troodontids , and together with the troodontids form the clade Deinonychosauria .
Dromaeosauridae , along with Troodontidae , make up the infraorder Deinonychosauria .
Both the first and second toes on each foot of B. bondoc were also held retracted and bore enlarged , sickle-shaped claws .
Martin believes that maniraptorans are secondarily flightless birds , and that birds evolved from nonâ `` dinosaurian archosaurs , so that most of the species formerly called theropods would now not even be classified as dinosaurs .
Dromaeosauridae was first defined as a clade by Paul Sereno in 1998 , as the most inclusive natural group containing Dromaeosaurus but not Troodon , Ornithomimus or Passer .
A possible third lineage of giant dromaeosaurs is represented by isolated teeth found on the Isle of Wight , England .
While Jurassic Park III attempted to address this last oversight by adding quill-like structures around the head of some of its dromaeosaurs , they did not resemble the structure or distribution of actual dromaeosaurid feathers known from fossil remains .
A few researchers , like Larry Martin , believe that dromaeosaurs , along with all maniraptorans are not dinosaurs at all .
This had been interpreted as evidence that these dromaeosaurs hunted in coordinated packs like some modern mammals .
Previous studies had shown that the amount of curvature in a claw corresponded to what lifestyle the animal has : animals with strongly curved claws of a certain shape tend to be climbers , while straighter claws indicate ground-dwelling lifestyles .
Other fossils , which do not preserve actual impressions of feathers , still preserve the associated bumps on the forearm bones where long wing feathers would have attached in life .
Deinonychus fossils have been uncovered in small groups near the remains of the herbivore Tenontosaurus , a larger ornithischian dinosaur .
The forelimbs of Rahonavis were more powerfully built than Archaeopteryx , and show evidence that they bore strong ligament attachments necessary for flapping flight .
Luis Chiappe concluded that , given these adaptations , Rahonavis could probably fly but would have been more clumsy in the air than modern birds .
However , not all paleontologists found the evidence conclusive , and a study in 2007 by Roach and Brinkman suggests that the Deinonychus may have actually displayed a disorganized mobbing behavior .
Michael Crichton used the name Velociraptor for the much larger raptor in his novels , on which the first two films were based .
The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw , and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing .
Whereas other theropods walked with three toes on the ground , fossilized footprint tracks show that most dromaeosaurs held the second toe off the ground , with only the third and fourth toes bearing the weight of the animal .
Overall , this feather pattern looks very much like Archaeopteryx .
When John Ostrom described it for Deinonychus in 1969 , he interpreted the claw as a blade-like slashing weapon , much like the canines of some saber-toothed cats , used with powerful kicks to cut into prey .
There is some discussion about the function of the enlarged `` sickle claw '' on the second toe .
Dromaeosaurids also appear in many of The Land Before Time films , beginning with the third .
One dromaeosaur species , Balaur bondoc , had a first toe which was highly modified in parallel with the second .
Chatterjee also found that Microraptor had the basic requirements to sustain level powered flight in addition to gliding .
In that case the larger dromaeosaurs would be secondarily terrestrialâ '' having lost the ability to glide later in their evolutionary history .
A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of Microraptor functioned like a split-level `` biplane '' , and that it likely employed a style of gliding , in which it would launch from a perch and swoop downward in a ` U ' shaped curve , then lift again to land on another tree , with the tail and hind wings helping to control its position and speed .
The interpretation of the sickle claw as a killing weapon applied to all dromaeosaurs .
Microraptor even shows evidence of a second pair of wings on the hind legs .
The forelimb claws they studied also fell within the climbing range of curvature .
The dromaeosaurids Rahonavis and Velociraptor have both been found with quill knobs , showing that these forms had feathers despite no impressions having been found .
The cassowary has claws up to 125 m long .
A challenge to all of these alternative scenarios came when Turner and colleagues in 2007 described a new dromaeosaur , Mahakala , which they found to be the most basal and most primitive member of the Dromaeosauridae , more primitive than Microraptor .
Mahakala is both the most primitive dromaeosaur ever described and the smallest .
Based on this cladistic analysis , Mahakala suggests that the ancestral condition for dromaeosaurids is non-flying .
Mahakala had short arms and no ability to glide .
In Manning 's interpretation , the second toe claw would be used as a climbing aid when subduing bigger prey and also as stabbing weapon .
Some fossils preserve long feathers on the hands and arms -LRB- remiges -RRB- and tail -LRB- rectrices -RRB- , as well as shorter , down-like feathers covering the body .
In his study of Deinonychus , Ostrom proposed that these features stiffened the tail so that it could only flex at the base , and the whole tail would then move as a single , rigid , lever .
Adams -LRB- 1987 -RRB- suggested that the talon was used to disembowel large ceratopsian dinosaurs .
The individuals were spaced about one meter apart , and retained the same direction of travel , walking at a fairly slow pace .
While the trackways clearly do not represent hunting behavior , the idea that groups of dromaeosaurs may have hunted together can not be ruled out .
Mark Norell and colleagues analyzed a survey of coelurosaur fossils and suggested that dromaeosaurs were most closely related to birds , with troodontids as a more distant outgroup .
This evidence , and Microraptor and the troodontid Anchiornis , suggests the common ancestor of dromaeosaurs , troodontids , and birds â `` the ` ancestral paravian ' â `` may have been very small , at around 65 cm in length and 600 to 700 grams of mass.
Deinonychosaurians in turn are the sister taxon to avialans , and therefore the closest relatives of avialan birds .
This might have been used as a stabilizer and rudder during gliding .
The Manning team also compared the curvature of the dromaeosarid `` sickle claw '' on the foot with curvature in modern birds and mammals .
While direct feather impressions are only possible in fine-grained sediments , some fossils found in coarser rocks show evidence of feathers by the presence of quill knobs , the attachment points for wing feathers possessed by some birds .
Robert Bakker recalled that Spielberg had been disappointed with the dimensions of Velociraptor and so upsized it , adding that soon afterwards he named Utahraptor which was more the size depicted , or larger .
The trackway , -LRB- made by a large , Achillobator-sized species -RRB- , showed the sickle-claw was held off the ground . Six individuals of about equal size moved together along a shoreline .
This development , first proposed in the mid-late 1980s , was confirmed by fossil discoveries in 1999 . It is a significant change in the way dromaeosaurs have been depicted in art and film .
Paleontologist Peter Mackovicky said that small , primitive dromaeosaurids -LRB- such as Microraptor -RRB- were likely to have been tree-climbers , but that climbing did not explain why later , gigantic dromaeosaurids such as Achillobator retained highly curved claws when they were too large to have climbed trees .
The teeth belong to a Utahraptor-sized animal but are more similar in shape to the teeth of velociraptorines .
This suggests that , in life , the tail could bend from side to side with some degree of flexibility .
Dromaeosaurs had long tails .
The trackways are evidence that some species of dromaeosaurs lived in groups .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat roosts in the caves of limestone hills , far from the entrance .
The wings seem to be shaped for hovering flight , and the gut contents of specimens do include spiders and insects that are presumably gleaned off foliage .
During feeding periods , the young either stays in the roost or remains attached to the mother at one of her two vestigial pubic nipples .
There is a large web of skin between the hind legs -LRB- the uropatagium -RRB- which may assist in flying and catching insects , although there are no tail bones or calcars to help control it in flight .
Its common name refers to its discoverer , Thai zoologist Kitti Thonglongya .
In Thailand , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is restricted to a small region of Kanchanaburi Province , within the drainage basin of the Khwae Noi River .
While many caves contain only 10 to 15 individuals , the average group size is 100 , with a maximum of about 500 .
Individuals roost high on walls or roof domes , far apart from each other .
Threats to the Burmese population are not well known .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat -LRB- Craseonycteris thonglongyai -RRB- , also known as the bumblebee bat , is an endangered species of bat . It is the only member of the family Craseonycteridae .
Late in the dry season -LRB- around April -RRB- of each year , females give birth to a single offspring .
Soon after the bat 's discovery in the 1970s , some roosting sites became disturbed as a result of tourism , scientific collection , and even the collection and sale of individuals as souvenirs .
During this period , the bat forages within fields of cassava and kapok or around the tops of bamboo clumps and teak trees , within one kilometre of the roosting site .
Another potential risk is the activity of local monks , who have occupied roost caves during periods of meditation .
However , these pressures may not have had a significant effect on the species as a whole , since many small colonies exist in hard-to-access locations , and only a few major caves were disturbed .
In 2007 , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat was identified by the Evolutionarily Distinct and Globally Endangered -LRB- EDGE -RRB- project as one of its Top 10 `` focal species '' .
The bat 's upperparts are reddish-brown or gray , while the underside is generally paler .
While the Sai Yok National Park contains much of the bat 's range , some Thai populations occur outside the park and are therefore unprotected .
The dental formula is 1:1:1:3 in the upper jaw and 2:1:2:3 in the lower jaw , with large upper incisors .
Currently , the most significant and long-term threat to the Thai population could be the annual burning of forest areas , which is most prevalent during the bat 's breeding season .
The Thai and Burmese populations are morphologically identical , but their echolocation calls are distinct .
These short flights are easily interrupted by heavy rain or cold temperatures .
The bat feeds during short activity periods in the evening and dawn , foraging around nearby forest areas for insects .
Nevertheless , most prey is probably caught in flight .
Colonies range greatly in size , with an average of 100 individuals per cave .
Based on this determination , the bat 's closest relatives are members of the families Hipposideridae and Rhinopomatidae .
Despite having two caudal vertebrae , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat has no visible tail .
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves .
Main staples of the bat 's diet include small flies -LRB- Chloropidae , Agromyzidae , and Anthomyiidae -RRB- , hymenopterans , and psocopterans .
It is not known whether the two populations are reproductively isolated .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat occupies the limestone caves along rivers , within dry evergreen or deciduous forests .
Its teeth are typical of an insectivorous bat .
The wings are relatively large and darker in color , with long tips that allow the bat to hover .
Since the 2001 discovery of a single individual in Burma , at least nine separate sites have been identified in the limestone outcrops outside the Thanlwin , Ataran , and Gyaing Rivers of Kayin and Mon States .
It has a reddish-brown or gray coat , with a distinctive pig-like snout .
In addition , the proposed construction of a pipeline from Burma to Thailand may have a negative impact .
The bat has a distinctive swollen , pig-like snout with thin , vertical nostrils .
Thonglongya worked with a British partner , John E. Hill , in classifying bats of Thailand ; after Thonglongya died suddenly in February 1974 , Hill formally described the species , giving it the binomial name Craseonycteris thonglongyai in honor of his colleague .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat was unknown to the world at large prior to 1974 .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat has a brief activity period , leaving its roost for only 30 minutes in the evening and 20 minutes at dawn .
Its ears are relatively large , while its eyes are small and mostly concealed by fur .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is the only extant species in the family Craseonycteridae , which is grouped in the superfamily Rhinolophoidea as a result of molecular testing .
It occurs in western Thailand and southeast Burma . It usually lives in where limestone caves along rivers .
Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is the smallest species of bat and one of the world 's smallest mammals .
As of the species ' most recent review in 1996 , Kitti 's Hog-nosed Bat is listed by the IUCN as endangered , with a downward population trend .
The other two WHA teams -LRB- Birmingham Bulls and Cincinnati Stingers -RRB- were paid to disband .
The 1979 â `` 80 NHL season was the 63rd season of the National Hockey League .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
The Edmonton Oilers , Winnipeg Jets , New England Whalers -LRB- later renamed `` Hartford Whalers '' at the insistence of the Boston Bruins -RRB- , and Quebec Nordiques joined the NHL bringing a new total of 21 teams .
This season saw the addition of four teams from the collapse of the World Hockey Association -LRB- WHA -RRB- the previous season as expansion teams .
Nemo is eventually found .
His father , Marlin , and Marlin 's new friend , Dory , spend the entire movie looking for him .
FIFA calls this stadium Durban Stadium
Moses Mabhida Stadium is a sports stadium in Durban , South Africa .
The stadium will host the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
It is the most southerly island of the Tuscan Archipelago .
Its tourist attractions include Villa Domizia , an ancient Roman seaside villa .
Giannutri is a small island in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Tuscany , Italy .
Die Welt is a German newspaper .
Pedro Zaballa -LRB- born 29 July 1938 - died 4 June 1997 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Imperial is a member of the G5 , the League of European Research Universities , Oak Ridge Associated Universities and the Russell Group .
Imperial College was a constituent college of the University of London . It became fully independent in 2007 , the 100th anniversary of its founding .
It had a total income of Â # 694 million in 2009\/10 , of which Â # 297 million was from research grants and contracts .
Imperial is ranked 26th in the world -LRB- and 5th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Academic Ranking of World Universities , 7th in the world -LRB- and 4th in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 QS World University Rankings , and 9th in the world -LRB- and 3rd in Europe -RRB- in the 2010 Times Higher Education World University Rankings .
It forms part of the ` Golden Triangle ' of British universities .
Imperial 's main campus is located in the South Kensington area of Central London . It is on the boundary between the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea and the City of Westminster .
Imperial has around 13,500 full-time students and 3,330 academic and research staff . It had a total income of Â # 694 million in 2009\/10 , of which Â # 297 million was from research grants and contracts .
He now works as a professor at the Faculty for Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana .
Later , he worked as a researcher at the University of Freiburg .
Janko Prunk , -LRB- born December 30 1942 -RRB- is a Slovenian historian of modern history .
He has also been actively involved in politics .
He obtained his PhD in 1976 with thesis on the relationship between the Slovenian Christian Socialist movement and the Communist Party of Slovenia within the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People , which at the time was a somehow problematic topic .
Prunk was born in the small village of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu near the town of Sevnica in central Slovenia , in what was then the German-occupied Lower Styria .
As an early admirer of JoÅ 3\/4 e PuÄ nik , he joined the Slovenian Social Democratic Union after the democratization of Slovenia .
Between 1992 and 1993 , he served as Minister for Slovenes outside Slovenia in the first coalition cabinet of Janez DrnovÅ ek .
Janko Prunk has written over 350 specialized articles and several books .
His book A brief history of Slovenia : Historical background of the Republic of Slovenia is one of the basic full works on modern Slovenian history .
He has also written on the history of political movements in Slovenia from the end of 19th century until World War II , especially with Slovene Christian socialism and the history of Slovenian national questions .
He is a member of Institute for European History in Mainz , a senior fellow of the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn .
He has written on politology , modern history , modern political formations , and the history of social and political thought in Slovenia .
He was an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Party -LRB- known as Slovenian Social Democratic Party between 1989 and 2003 -RRB- .
He became very critial of the then prime minister Janez JanÅ a , whom he accused of being a `` liberal with an authoritative touch '' who aspires at becoming a `` Slovenian PiÅ sudski '' .
From 1966 to 1995 , he collaborated with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
He graduated at the University of Ljubljana in 1966 and obtained his Master degree from the same institution in 1972 .
In 1984 and 1988 , he was awarded the scholarships by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , which enabled him to continue his studies in Cologne and Freiburg .
Between 2004 and 2008 , he served as chairman of the Party 's internal Committee for Education Policies ; he quit for disagreements over the Government policy favoring private universities .
Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth is a hamlet in the United Kingdom . It is in Lincolnshire , England .
It is the town where the scientist , Sir Isaac Newton , was born .
The following teams and drivers competed in the 2001 FIA Formula One World Championship .
Car did not finish the Grand Prix . Car was classified -LRB- ranked -RRB- because it finished over 90 % of the race distance .
At the end of the 2001 , the Prost team closed down due to lack of money . The French company Renault purchased the Benetton team .
Michelin returned as a tyre supplier . This was the first time Bridgestone had competition since Goodyear left the sport at the end of the season .
Wilson da Silva Piazza -LRB- born 25 February , 1943 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Odawara Castle is a landmark in the city of Odawara in Kanagawa Prefecture .
Carbonation is a solution that forms when carbon dioxide is dissolved in a liquid .
Greensburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
A compact fluorescent lamp -LRB- CFL -RRB- , is a type of lamp -LRB- light bulb -RRB- designed to fit into the same space as an incandescent bulb , but with the advantages of a fluorescent lamp .
Many CFLs can directly replace an existing incandescent lamp .
A CFL can save over US$ 30 in electricity costs over the lampâ s lifetime compared to an incandescent lamp .
The purchase price of a CFL is often much higher than an incandescent lamp of the same output , and the light from CFLs looks different to light from incandescent lamps .
The purchase price of a CFL is often much higher than an incandescent lamp of the same output , and the light from CFLs looks different to light from incandescent lamps . But CFLs have a longer rated life and use less energy .
The C14 Timberwolf MRSWS is an bolt action sniper rifle that is manually operated and was originally developed by Canada .
Rocquancourt is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Chesterfield F.C. are an English football club .
The word equinox comes from two Latin words meaning `` equal '' and `` night '' .
Equinox is when the sun passes directly over the equator .
At right is displayed the color baby blue . Baby blue is known as one of the pastel colors .
`` Baby blue '' is a light tone of azure .
Baby blue is known as one of the pastel colors . `` Baby blue '' is a light tone of azure .
The first recorded use of baby blue as a color name in English was in 1892 .
For example , a literal English translation of the German word `` Kindergarten '' would be `` garden of children , '' but in English the expression refers to the school year between pre-school and first grade .
Literal translation is the translation of text from one language to another `` word-for-word '' , rather than giving the sense of the original .
To the south , across the Sumba strait , is Sumba and to the north , beyond the Flores Sea , is Sulawesi .
To the southeast is Timor .
Flores is located east of Sumbawa and Komodo and west of Lembata and the Alor Archipelago .
On December 12 1992 , an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred , killing 2,000 people in the town of Maumere .
The population is estimated to be around 1.5 million , and the largest town is Maumere .
Flores is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands , an island arc with an estimated area of 14,300 kmÂ extending east from the Java island of Indonesia .
It is very toxic like all thallium compounds .
Fajardo is spread over 7 wards and Fajardo Pueblo -LRB- The downtown area and the administrative center of the city -RRB- .
Fajardo -LRB- fah-HAHR-do -RRB- is a small but popular city in Puerto Rico located in the east region of the island , bordering the Atlantic Ocean , north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo .
This category contains articles on television series .
Due to their different approaches to a common subject , many misunderstandings have arisen between Newton 's mathematical understanding of optics , and Goethe 's experiential approach .
Confronting it is the darkness '' -LRB- Letter to Jacobi -RRB- .
`` The blue of the sky reveals to us the basic law of color .
With white above a dark boundary , we observe the light extending a blue-violet edge into the dark area ; whereas dark above a light boundary results in a red-yellow edge extending into the light area .
He observed that lights seen through a turbid medium would appear yellowish , and darkness seen through a turbid medium that had been lightened would appear blue .
Goethe 's concern was not so much with the analytic measurement of color phenomenon , as with the qualities of how phenomena are perceived . Science has come to understand the distinction between the optical spectrum , as observed by Newton , and the phenomenon of human color perception as presented by Goethe .
Search nothing beyond the phenomena , they themselves are the theory . ''
Science has come to understand the distinction between the optical spectrum , as observed by Newton , and the phenomenon of human color perception as presented by Goethe .
-LRB- Steiner , 1897 -RRB-
When viewed through a prism , the orientation of a light-dark boundary with respect to the prism is significant .
In his book , Goethe shows how color is perceived in a variety of circumstances , and considers Isaac Newton 's observations to be special cases .
Its influence extends primarily to the art world , especially among the Pre-Raphaelites .
J. M. W. Turner studied it comprehensively , and referenced it in the titles of several paintings -LRB- Bockemuhl , 1991 -RRB- .
At a certain distance , these edges overlap .
When these edges overlap in a light spectrum , green results ; when they overlap in a dark spectrum , magenta results .
Mitchell Feigenbaum had even convinced himself that ` Goethe had been right about color ! '
For Newton , all the colors already exist in white light , and the prism merely fans them out according to their refrangability .
For Goethe , light is `` the simplest most undivided most homogenous being that we know .
Based on his experiments with turbid media , Goethe characterized color as arising from the dynamic interplay of darkness and light .
With a dark spectrum -LRB- i.e. a shadow surrounded by light -RRB- , we find violet-blue along the top edge , and red-yellow along the bottom edge â `` where these edges overlap , we find magenta .
He saw only reddish-yellow edges and blue-cyan edges with white between them , and the spectrum arose only where these edges came close enough to overlap .
With a light spectrum , coming out of the prism , one sees a shaft of light surrounded by dark .
Goethe sought to show that , as a turbid medium , the prism was an integral factor in the arising of color .
We find yellow-red colors along the top edge , and blue-violet colors along the bottom edge .
Goethe 's concern was not so much with the analytic measurement of color phenomenon , as with the qualities of how phenomena are perceived .
Unlike his contemporaries , Goethe did not see darkness as an absence of light , but rather as polar to and interacting with light .
He felt that this arising of color at light-dark boundaries was fundamental to the creation of the spectrum -LRB- which he considered to be a compound phenomenon -RRB- .
-LRB- Ribe & Steinle , 2002 -RRB- .
Whereas Newton narrowed the beam of light in order to isolate the phenomenon , Goethe observed that with a wider aperture , there was no spectrum .
The spectrum with green in the middle arises only where the blue-violet edges overlap the yellow-red edges .
Although Goethe 's work was never well received by physicists , a number of philosophers and physicists have been known to have concerned themselves with it , including Arthur Schopenhauer , Kurt GÃ del , Werner Heisenberg , Ludwig Wittgenstein , and Hermann von Helmholtz .
`` Newton explains the fact that all the colors appear only when the prism is at a certain distance from the screen , whereas the middle otherwise is white ... -LRB- by saying -RRB- the more strongly diverted lights from the upper part of the image and the more weakly diverted ones from the lower part fall together in the middle and mix into white .
It contains some of the earliest and most accurate descriptions of phenomena such as colored shadows , refraction , and chromatic aberration .
In both cases , he found that the yellow and blue edges remain closest to the side which is light , and red and violet edges remain closest to the side which is dark .
The colors appear only at the edges because there none of the more strongly diverted parts of the light from above can fall into the most weakly diverted parts of the light , and none of the more weakly diverted ones from below can fall into the most strongly diverted ones . ''
For Goethe , `` the highest is to understand that all fact is really theory .
Starting from these observations , he began numerous experiments , observing the effects of darkening and lightening on the perception of color in many different circumstances .
For him , the spectrum could be explained by the simpler phenomena of color arising from the interaction of light and dark edges .
Theory of Colours -LRB- original German title , Zur Farbenlehre -RRB- is a book by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published in 1810 .
Goethe 's studies of color began with subjective experiments which examined the effects of turbid media on the perception of light and dark .
Goethe recorded the sequence of colors projected at various distances from a prism for both cases -LRB- see Plate IV , Theory of Colours -RRB- .
Because Newton understands white light to be composed of individual colors , and Goethe sees color arising from the interaction of light and dark , they come to different conclusions on the question : is the optical spectrum a primary or a compound phenomenon ?
The editor of the Kurschner edition of Goethe 's works gives the following analogy :
Goethe was intrigued by this difference .
Wassily Kandinsky considered Goethe 's theory , `` one of the most important works . '' .
Since the color phenomenon relies on the adjacency of light and dark , there are two ways to produce a spectrum : with a light beam in a dark room , and with a dark beam -LRB- i.e. a shadow -RRB- in a light room .
Many users do n't understand how to watch the History listing to see if an article is quiet now , unchanged for weeks , and can be safely edited for hours with no one else making changes .
First , there is a heavy cost to the numerous revisions .
There might be no safe way to save revisions , or get talk-page consensus , under those circumstances .
Several simple steps could be taught :
Let the bots analyze small problems , or even count the occurrences of lowercase `` english '' and such , but those bots should wait to fix minor issues , limiting severe precision to a few times a year , and then fix all problems with one revision to each article , at that later time .
Not every group of other editors is cooperative ; sometimes , cliques of other users can act like inner-wiki -LRB- `` inner-city '' -RRB- gangs that live by their code , while outsiders receive pre-calculated treatment .
Some users do n't even realize how the extra revisions pile-up , expanding as a long list under the History tab of past edits .
Internally , the article history could record a hacking as a `` Try '' followed by an `` Erase '' so that the list of revisions would not show either transaction under the `` History '' tab when listing all the true revisions .
Either move on to other articles , or else , contact an admin or WikiProject that might help the balance of power .
It might help to explain to users that creating an offline version of an article can allow more time for completing broad revisions , but then simply merge , into that new text , any other user changes that have been made meanwhile .
Long lists of revisions showing hackings , each followed by instant-reverts , can cause the History listing of revisions to become much longer .
For example , a bot that capitalizes the word `` english '' to be `` English '' assumes that people never use the word in any other manner , such as `` putting english '' -LRB- a spin -RRB- on a billiard ball .
Users often just change a word & save , change a word & save , etc. .
Beyond just planning enhancements , it can be easier to create entire articles offline .
As of -- , the article count was articles , with total revisions , giving an average of ' revisions per article .
Such a re-created article could retain the major detailed differences , showing how the article evolved , but omit the thousands of minor interim revisions that clutter a step-by-step viewing of each next revision .
The goal of Wikipedia is to have a well-written encyclopedia .
Those recreated revisions should copy the edit-summary line from the actual old revisions , but also include text identifying each original user + date .
It is an utter myth that `` Every article gets vandalized '' -LRB- not true -RRB- : many articles go years without ever being hacked .
Seek to have a `` clean car '' , and focus on issues such as dents or tree branches falling on a automobile .
The database transaction log could handle the erase as a delete of that particular revision .
People are not discouraged from reading or editing Wikipedia for this reason .
Obviously , each transaction must be recorded , short-term , to allow backup\/recovery of the edited articles , in the event of storage failure mid-way before the erase took effect .
However , many low-traffic articles have gone years without being hacked .
Each of the above actions is elaborated below , to explain the particular ways of reducing revisions .
Sometimes , it is not easy or even possible to get the permanently planned revision made in a single edit .
I 've noticed several new users , while greatly expanding a low-traffic article , will keep saving every new phrase as though other users might pounce , at any minute , on the revised article before the next desperate SAVE is made .
Even if the minor revisions were actually left in storage , perhaps they could be bypassed when listing all other article revisions .
After 2007 , it became possible to restored a deleted article , so in the event of a major misunderstanding , any deleted article can be restored by an admin .
This can be the case when the edit contains a large amount of text , or when it is difficult to write all the text at once .
This can not be accomplished in one day , or in a single edit for each article .
Pruning , or erasing -LRB- deleting -RRB- small revisions might need changing of Wikipedia policies or adjusting the underlying MediaWiki software .
Some of the Wikipedia bots , which perform repeated robotic edits to many articles , are focused on really tiny updates to articles , with some even correcting the grammar in vandalism humor or within hacked text that will soon be removed .
When the text is copied as a new article , then all those user-space revisions could be deleted .
Many new users simply do not know they can combine their edits as one SAVE , using a longer edit-summary line .
The Wikimedia Foundation , which operates Wikipedia , is non-profit organization .
Some issues to consider :
An effective way to actually erase many old revisions is to rename an old article , by creating the new name as a new article , then copy -LRB- not move -RRB- the article to become a brand-new entry in article-space .
Perhaps the easiest way to actually erase old revisions is to create a new article within the user-space for a particular user , then copy -LRB- not move -RRB- the article to become a brand-new entry in article-space .
The quality of writing is also at stake .
That 's what this is for , and funds have been allocated for this purpose , provided they are used responsibly .
The tendency to rapidly revert vandalism , as though the whole world has stopped breathing , has made it difficult for other users to also enhance those articles while correcting hacked text .
Even though that re-creation , of major revisions , might seem extreme , many hundreds\/thousands of minor revisions would be omitted , representing years of edits with just a few dozen recreated , major -LRB- non-trivial -RRB- revisions .
Its continued operation relies solely on private donations .
Some issues to note :
Some issues to note :
Progress could be measured by comparing those averages against a future , anticipated reduction in average revisions per article .
Some kinds of vandalism go unnoticed for months , sometimes over 6 months , so there is no hurry to revert all hackings made in low-traffic articles .
Just forget about those bird droppings , rather than log each for eternity .
If hackings can not be erased , then perhaps they could be skipped in History listings .
However , long term , it might be more efficient if the hacking + erase really disappeared from the article storage at some point .
Also , an erase could complicate the wikiserver databases , unless an erase was treated as a `` delete '' transaction in the storage .
The best compromise would be to keep an old history list in the talk-page or as a subpage '' \/ old_history '' .
Without these donations , Wikipedia could not exist .
Plan some enhancements to articles by using offline files of either notes or potential new text .
Although techniques such as deleting user-space articles and copy-renaming old articles might seem extreme , the combined effect of thousands of users , each redoing articles in their specialty , could reduce portions of Wikipedia by 10x , 100x or 1000x times fewer revisions .
However , revisions could also be pruned in advance , by many actions each person could take to avoid long-term storing of more revisions .
Skipping over the hacked + reverted revisions would cut the History listing of many high-traffic articles by about 50 % or more .
The 3-revert rule is intended to limit edit-wars during a one-day period .
But there are some issues .
Of course , thousands of revisions could be generated by renaming `` metre '' to `` meter '' or some similar minor changes .
No , other users can simply revert all those revisions , reversing days\/weeks of edits .
A special type of revert could indicate that the prior revision was merely hacked text , with the result that both the hacked + reverted entries would be skipped under a History listing .
However , unrestricted use of erase could prolong edit-wars where revisions were removed without reverting .
There is a cost to each edit , each revision stored , and each time a page is viewed even without editing .
Again , some people treasure the old stuff , like keeping decades of old , worn-out shoes , so not all articles can be pruned so easily by simply copy-renaming them into a clean , fresh name .
After that point , users taught to combine numerous small edits -LRB- in the future -RRB- , and avoid panic saving , would reduce the subsequent revision lists and omit most of the small stuff that cluttered Wikipedia during 2006 â `` 2008 .
Note that offline storage does not have the Wikipedia backup protection , so be sure to make periodic copies , if needed , for backup .
An editor who makes multiple edits to an article in an attempt to achieve his\/her final plan could be viewing any edits before the final one as temporary revisions that will not remain very long .
It would be a lot easier to warn new users , early on , that just because they SAVE , after every change , as a new revision , those changes are not safer or , somehow , more permanent .
However , in a fight to retain the detailed differences , it might be necessary to recreate the major old revisions by a series of repeated edits , filling the wiki-edit buffer with each successive major revision , and then saving each to allow comparisons of texts .
You might wonder if it even matters that Wikipedia has such a high number of revisions .
The article revisions will not be removed from Wikipedia until the user-space article has been deleted .
Though the cost of each one is minute , with millions each day , these all add up .
Bots should be denied from making those minor changes .
For large updates , planning enhancements offline could reduce total revisions by a factor of 25 -LRB- or more -RRB- , due to the focus on broad wording , while avoiding hacks to half-finished text by the tinkering of other users .
It can be very tedious , when stepping through multiple revisions , to see `` Page blanked with '' and then `` Reverted '' to show the entire text of the article changed in both revisions .
However , actually erasing specific revisions from an article might require changing , or reconfiguring , the software behind Wikipedia , the MediaWiki system .
The only permanent change is bloating Wikipedia -LRB- `` forever '' -RRB- with numerous edits , all of which get reverted .
Perhaps 50 % of all revisions are hackings\/jokes + revert : it 's not just the hacking of articles that escalates the total revisions , but the instant reverting that doubles the total revisions to recover from hacking .
Beyond a survey of prankster edits , there 's not much use for the long-term logging of a hacking + revert .
When the text is copied as a new article , then all those old revisions -LRB- under the old name -RRB- could be later deleted .
It is highly debatable to allow bots to run rampant , and make opinionated conclusions about lowercase words -LRB- such as `` english '' -RRB- .
Those combined `` Try + Erase '' transactions could be removed from the system after some period of time .
Some issues to note :
It 's analogous to bird droppings : it might be beneficial to notice some short-term patterns , such as when automobiles parked under some trees get bombarded with bird droppings , but it is less useful to record all the millions of bird droppings , everywhere in the world , in a giant database of history listings .
The fixer-bots should be run on a rare basis , and perhaps even count how many corrections would be made to an article , then cleverly refuse to update an article just for a single minor word , unless the bot was running in a quarterly update-all-minor-issues mode .
Depending on notability or libel concerns , many hacked articles could wait -LRB- a long time -RRB- to be fixed while improving .
There are several issues to consider :
Many revisions of Wikipedia articles are very minor and could be `` pruned '' from the overall History of article revisions , to leave only the more major revisions .
But an edit history that is clogged with experimental or `` junk '' edits may become confusing , and versions that fail to meet encyclopedic standards may in the long run have a negative effect , particularly if they are not marked with tags to indicate their temporary status .
Although the Simple Wikipedia , today , has less than thousand articles -LRB- plus thousands of red-link articles -RRB- , the total revisions number nearly million .
The process of erasing a revision should require some special authority to avoid edit-wars that would use erase to negate other contributions .
The Judas Kiss is the fourth single off the album by rock band Metallica off their ninth studio album Death Magnetic .
Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 film in which Kathy Bates plays the title character . Also starring in the film is Jennifer Jason Leigh .
He and Agahnim go to the Dark World , and Link appears on top of a large pyramid .
The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , known in Japan as Zelda no Densetsu : Kamigami no Triforce is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Super NES game console .
After he gets them all , he goes to the top of the tower and battles Agahnim again . He kills him , and Ganon in a bat form flies out of the corpse and into the Pyramid of Power .
Zelda gets kidnapped before he can get to her , and Link fights Agahnim . He and Agahnim go to the Dark World , and Link appears on top of a large pyramid .
He has to find the seven crystals that have seven maidens in them , including Zelda , so he can get to Ganon 's Tower .
When Link follows him into the sewer , he finds his Uncle half-alive , and his Uncle gives Link his sword and shield before he dies .
Vendresse-Beaulne is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The population is concentrated in the south-east corner , which includes the capital Brisbane , Ipswich , Logan City , and the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast .
To the east , Queensland is bordered by the Coral Sea and Pacific Ocean .
The state later encouraged free settlement , and today Queensland 's economy is dominated by the agricultural , tourist and natural resource sectors .
The state is neighboured by the Northern Territory to the west , South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south .
Other major regional centres include Cairns , Townsville , Mackay , Rockhampton , Bundaberg , Toowoomba , and Mount Isa .
Queensland is often nicknamed the Sunshine State , since it enjoys warm weather and a sizable portion of the state is in the tropics .
The area that currently forms Brisbane was originally the Moreton Bay punishment colony , intended as a place for criminals with a repeated offence history who had offended while serving out their sentences in New South Wales .
Osamu Umeyama -LRB- born 16 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The A4 was announced on January 27 , 2010 , during Apple 's `` Latest Creation '' event .
The Apple A4 is a microprocessor designed by Apple and manufactured by Samsung and first used in the iPad tablet computer , then in the iPhone 4 smartphone .
On June 7 , 2010 , Steve Jobs publicly confirmed that the iPhone 4 will contain the A4 Processor , although it is not yet known if it has the same frequency , bus width , or caches as the A4 found in the iPad .
Achilles -LRB- also Akhilleus or Achilleus ; Ancient Greek : á 1\/4 Ï Î Î '' Î '' Î Ï Ï -RRB- was a hero in Greek mythology .
He killed Hector , but was killed by Paris , who shot his heel with a poisoned arrow .
Saulchoy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Oakland Acres is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Once the copyright expires , a work enters the public domain -LRB- as long as the copyright is not renewed -RRB- , but it may still be needed to note who created the work . Some works are in the public domain upon creation because they can not be copyrighted based on various copyright laws .
A work can enter the public domain in many ways .
Its chemical formula is Ca -LRB- BrO3 -RRB- 2 . It contains calcium and bromate ions .
It is made by oxidation -LRB- by electrolysis -RRB- of calcium bromide solution .
This was one of the first of Disney 's animated films to be broadcast , albeit severely edited , on television , as part of Disney 's anthology series .
The main story has to do with Dumbo and his new friends getting separated from the rest of the circus as they wonder into the big city .
It also has been known as both classic and a masterpiece , and has received a Special Edition 60th Anniversary Disney DVD on October 23 , 2001 , exatly 60 years after its first release .
In 2001 , a 60th Anniversary Special Edition was released that has original RKO titles .
In 2006 , a `` Big Top Edition '' of the film was released on DVD that also has original RKO titles .
To cheer Dumbo up , Timothy brings him to go see his mother . The next day , they find themselves in a tree with a bunch of crows , who discover that Dumbo can fly .
Dumbo 's Circus was a live-action puppet television program for preschool audiences that aired on The Disney Channel in the 1980s .
The crow characters in the movie are seen as African-American stereotypes .
The main character is Jumbo Jr. , a baby elephant who is cruelly nicknamed Dumbo .
Dumbo the Flying Elephant is a popular ride that appears in Walt Disney Worldâ s Magic Kingdom , Disneyland , Tokyo Disneyland , Disneyland Park -LRB- Paris -RRB- , and Hong Kong Disneyland .
He is ridiculed for his big ears , but in fact he is capable of flying by using them as wings .
Furthermore , their song `` When I See An Elephant Fly '' is more orientated to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo 's large ears .
A UK Special Edition was released in May 2007 and was a successful Disney release .
The project seems to have been canceled , as no further announcements have been made since , plus the fact that the The Little Mermaid : Ariel 's Beginning , Tinker Bell , and its sequels , were to be the last projests for DisneyToon Studios .
The film then received another distinction of note in 1981 , when it was the first of Disney 's canon of animated films to be released on home video and also was released in the Walt Disney Classics Video Collection in 1985 .
The other crows are all voiced by African-American actors , all members of the Hall Johnson Choir .
Dumbo appears as a hero in the game Kingdom Hearts .
The leader crow was originally named `` Jim Crow '' for script purposes , and the name stuck .
When Mrs. Jumbo can not take the public making fun of her son , she is locked up as `` mad elephant '' , and Dumbo finds himself all alone .
Sora , the main character , flies on him and Dumbo splashes enemies with water from his trunk .
That release was followed by remastered versions in : 1986 , 1989 , 1991 -LRB- Classics -RRB- , and 1994 -LRB- Masterpiece -RRB- .
Thanks to the help of a `` magic feather '' from some Crows , Dumbo flies to fame , and gets his mother free .
He encourages Dumbo and tells the circus director to make Dumbo the top -LRB- literally -RRB- of an elephant pyramid stunt which ends up literally bringing the house down , and Dumbo is given the job of clown .
For instance , the crows are noted as forming the majority of the characters in the movie who are sympathetic to Dumbo 's plight -LRB- the others are Timothy Q. Mouse and Mrs Jumbo -RRB- , are free spirits who serve nobody , and intelligent characters aware of the power of self-confidence , unlike the Stepin Fetchit stereotype common at that time .
Throughout most of the movie , his only true friend aside from his mother is the mouse Timothy , making fun of the stereotype between mice and elephants .
The story was supposed to be as if the first Dumbo ended and this one started the next day .
Even though World War II was going on , Dumbo was still the most financially successful Disney movie of the 1940s .
That release featured a sneak peak of a direct-to-video sequel called Dumbo II .
Timothy returns as well .
Timothy Q. Mouse is a mouse who became the only friend of elephants Dumbo and his mother Mrs. Jumbo .
The preview showed a lot of sketches and storyboard ideas .
The fourth film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics , Dumbo is based upon a child 's book of the same name by Helen Aberson and illustrated by Harold Perl .
He encourages Dumbo and tells the circus director to make Dumbo the top -LRB- literally -RRB- of an elephant pyramid stunt which ends up literally bringing the house down , and Dumbo is given the job of clown . To cheer Dumbo up , Timothy brings him to go see his mother .
Dumbo 's new friends are Claude and Lolly the twin bears who leave chaos everywhere they go , Dot the curious zebra , Godfrey the hippo who is older and wants to do things for himself , and Penny the adventurous ostrich .
Each character would perform a special act , which ranged from dancing and singing to telling knock knock jokes .
Unlike in the movie , Dumbo spoke on the show .
Dumbo is a 1941 animated movie produced by Walt Disney and first released on October 23 , 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures .
Laviolle is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France with a population of 130 as of 1999 .
Niklaus is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Feldbrunnen-St .
Bourecq is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Never Been Kissed is a 1999 comedy directed by Raja Gosnell and starring Drew Barrymore , David Arquette , Michael Vartan , Molly Shannon , Leelee Sobieski , John C. Reilly , Jessica Alba , Marley Shelton , James Franco , Giuseppe Andrews , Jeremy Jordan and Garry Marshall .
Never Been Kissed was produced by Drew Barrymore 's production company , Flower Films .
Carlos SÃ nchez GarcÃ a -LRB- born 18 January 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Broeck Pointe is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Loch Ness is the second biggest lake of Scotland .
Loch Ness is a lake located in the Scottish Highlands of northern Scotland . It is most famous because of a famous legend about a monster called the `` Loch Ness Monster '' or `` Nessie '' who is said to live in the lake .
It can be made by reacting cobalt , cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- oxide , or cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide with sulfuric acid .
It is also used to make other cobalt salts .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate is slightly carcinogenic .
It contains cobalt and sulfate ions .
Cobalt -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate , also known as cobaltous sulfate , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is CoSO4 .
The next southerly manned outpost of South America is the lighthouse of Cape Horn .
This is the southernmost manned outpost of South America -LRB- including islands -RRB- , even if the South Sandwich Islands are regarded as part of South America . The Argentinian station on Thule Island was taken down in June 1982 after the Falklands War .
Cruise ships sometimes pass by on their way to and from Antarctica .
The Chilean Navy built a meteorological station above Caleta Condell , a small cove on the northeast side of Isla Gonzalo -LRB- Gonzalo Island -RRB- , in 1957 , and resupply it several times each year .
The islands belong to Chile , and are named after Diego RamÃ rez . They were first sighted on 12 February 1619 by Marco Ramirez of the Garcia de Nodal expedition , and named after the cosmographer of the expedition .
They kept this status for 156 years . In 1775 , James Cook discovered the South Sandwich Islands , which are much farther south .
K-League is a football league which is top division in South Korea .
Sedimentary rocks dominate the southern half of the island , especially Old and New Red Sandstone .
The 19th century `` clearances '' led to significant reductions in population and the end of the Gaelic language and way of life .
The Pleistocene glaciations almost entirely covered Scotland in ice .
Visiting in 1787 , the geologist James Hutton found his first example of an unconformity to the north of Newton Point near Lochranza , which provided evidence for his Plutonist theories of uniformitarianism , and about the age of the Earth .
From the 6th century on peoples from Ireland colonised the island and it became a center of religious activity .
Arran or the Isle of Arran is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland .
After the last retreat of the ice at the close of the Pleistocene epoch sea levels were up to 70 m lower than at present and it is likely that circa 14,000 years ago the island was connected to mainland Scotland .
During the troubled Viking Age Arran became the property of the Norwegian crown before becoming formally absorbed by the kingdom of Scotland in the thirteenth century .
The island is sometimes referred to as `` Scotland in miniature '' , as it is divided into `` Highland '' and `` Lowland '' areas by the Highland Boundary Fault which runs northeast to southwest across Scotland .
Sand dunes are preserved in Permian sandstones near Brodick , there are localized outcrops of Triassic rocks , p143\/4\/9 and even some Cretaceous chalk .
Members of the House of Bourbon also ruled Naples , Sicily , and Parma in the past .
The House of Bourbon is an important royal house of Europe .
Ginger ale is a soft drink flavored with the root of a plant known as ginger .
Ginger beer is a non-alcoholic soft drink that is also flavored with ginger root .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale . Most drinks that are ginger ale come in a green can .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale .
Most drinks that are ginger ale come in a green can .
Ginger beer is much spicier than ginger ale .
The 2008 â `` 09 Montreal Canadiens season is their 99th season of play and 91st in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
It is spoken by about ten million people in six countries including southern Germany , Switzerland , France , Austria , Liechtenstein , and Italy .
Alemannic German -LRB- Alemannisch -RRB- is a group of dialects of the Upper German branch of the Germanic language family .
Currently , the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- is the only Marxist-Leninist state in the world that uses the title `` People 's Republic '' . Because of this , `` People 's Republic '' is sometimes used to refer to China .
Because of this , `` People 's Republic '' is sometimes used to refer to China .
People 's Republic -LRB- sometimes called Popular Republic -RRB- is a name for a communist , usually Marxist-Leninist country . Currently , the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- is the only Marxist-Leninist state in the world that uses the title `` People 's Republic '' .
The Richest Duck in the World is the last chapter of the life and times of Scrooge McDuck 's .
There are two main types of tea : black and green tea .
The London Borough of Hackney is a London Borough in north London .
In history , the dragon was the symbol of the Emperor of China .
The dragon in the Qing Dynasty came out on national flags .
In 2010 , an estimated 32 million passengers used AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Airport .
It is located in the European part of Istanbul . In 2010 , an estimated 32 million passengers used AtatÃ 1\/4 rk Airport .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport -LRB- formerly Yesilkoy International Airport -RRB- is the major international airport in Turkey .
It is the 8th busiest airport in Europe in 2010 .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk International Airport -LRB- formerly Yesilkoy International Airport -RRB- is the major international airport in Turkey . It is located in the European part of Istanbul .
His brother Rudolf was a physiologist and anatomist .
He was also a keen naturalist and collector , and it is for this work he is best known among biologists .
Wagner devoted three years -LRB- 1836 â `` 1839 -RRB- to the exploration of Algiers . It was there that he made an important discovery in natural history , which he later developed .
However , in 1942 it was reintroduced by Mayr , and the importance of geographic speciation became one of the core ideas of the evolutionary synthesis .
This was an early description of a process of geographical speciation .
The leading evolutionists -LRB- Darwin , Wallace , Weismann -RRB- attacked Wagner 's idea of geographic speciation , and it suffered a long decline .
Modern experts such as Ernst Mayr , Jerry Coyne & Allen Orr , agree that Wagner first identified geographical speciation .
Each genus is split into a number of species , each of which is confined to a stretch of the north coast between rivers which descend from the Atlas mountains to the Mediterranean .
From 1852 â `` 1855 , together with a companion , Wagner traveled through North and Central America and the Caribbean .
The zoological taxonomist Bernhard Rensch was also significant in keeping geographical speciation on the evolutionary menu .
In his old age he committed suicide in Munich , aged 73 .
As well as Darwin , the Reverend J.T. Gulick also found Wagner 's theories overstated . , but in a later paper Gulick says that `` Moritz Wagner , in his Law of the Migration of Organisms , was the first to insist on the importance of geographical isolation as a factor in evolution , but when he asserted that , without geographical isolation , natural selection could have no effect in producing new species , he went beyond what could be sustained by facts '' .
In May 1843 , Wagner toured the Lake Sevan region of Armenia .
Wagner argued in letters to Darwin that he had missed a vital geographic component in understanding the evolution of new species .
Another formulation of this idea came later : `` Organisms which never leave their ancient area of distribution will never change '' .
`` It took more than 60 years after 1859 until the leading specialists ... -LRB- agreed -RRB- that this geographical approach was the way to solve the problem of speciation ... a new species may evolve when a population acquires isolating mechanisms while isolated from its parent population . ''
Ernst Mayr 's formulation cleared up the issues which Wagner had left unresoved : `` A new species develops if a population which has become isolated from its parental species acquires during this period of isolation characters which promote or guarantee isolation when the external barriers break down '' .
During his three years in Algeria , Wagner studied -LRB- amongst other activities -RRB- the flightless beetles Pimelia and Melasoma .
Later , he found Wagner 's increasingly hysterical tone and one-sided argument upsetting , and wrote across his copy of Wagner 's 1875 paper `` most wretched rubbish , '' partly because Wagner ignored the importance of natural selection , and lifted parts of Darwin 's theory that he liked without attribution , all the while claiming that Darwin 's views were incorrect .
However , his `` migration theory '' was based on a rather simple , Lamarckian idea of evolution .
Darwin at first responded in a friendly way to these letters , and agreed that geographic isolation was important -LRB- although not the only mode of speciation -RRB- .
He identified geographical separation as the most frequent initial step towards kladogenesis -LRB- species splitting -RRB- .
'' ... an incipient species will only -LRB- arise -RRB- when a few individuals transgress the limiting borders of their range ... the formation of a new race will never succeed ... without a long continued separation of the colonists from the other members of their species . ''
Moritz Wagner -LRB- Bayreuth , 3 October 1813 â `` Munich , 31 May 1887 -RRB- was a German explorer , collector , geographer and naturalist .
Ernst Mayr , the evolutionist and historian of biology , has given an account of Wagner 's significance .
`` Unfortunately , Wagner combined -LRB- his idea -RRB- with some peculiar ideas on variation and selection '' -LRB- Mayr -RRB- .
As soon as one crosses a river , a different but closely related species appears .
Oak Lawn is a village in Cook County , Illinois , USA .
Cynthia Lillian Lennon nÃ e Powell -LRB- born September 10 , 1939 in Blackpool , Lancashire , England -RRB- was the first wife of John Lennon .
The center of Martung -LRB- Koozkalai -RRB- is 982 meters above sea level . Some parts of Martung are more than 1800 meters above mean sea level .
Some of Martung 's important villages are Kabalgram , Pishlor , Titwalan , Koozkalai , Manzkalai , Shaga and Karindara .
Martung , MÄ rtung or Martoong is a highland village and sub tehsil of Shangla District , Khyber Pukhtoonkhwa Province -LRB- former NWFP -RRB- , Pakistan .
Europe contains two braided rivers : the Narew , in Poland and Belarus , and the Tagliamento in northeastern Italy .
The capital of the region is Ica .
Ica is one of 25 regions of Peru .
Olympique de Marseille is a football club from France .
The club competes in Ligue 1 -LRB- the French Top League -RRB- . It was founded in 1899 .
Its home stadium is Stade VÃ lodrome in Marseille .
The 2006 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in Turin , Italy from February 10 , 2006 , through February 26 , 2006 .
This page lists times between 103 seconds and 104 seconds -LRB- approximately 16.7 minutes to 2.8 hours -RRB- .
A kilosecond is 1000 seconds -LRB- 16 minutes , 40 seconds -RRB- , so there are 86.4 kiloseconds in a 24 hour day .
Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Below is a list of the most recent deletions .
Brockton is a town in Plymouth County in the U.S. state of Massachusetts .
It and the town of Plymouth are the county seats of Plymouth County .
Following that , KÃ lig Kaj slowly went away , and has never really gained much success .
KÃ lig Kaj was a Danish rapper who gained national fame in 1997 by winning the Danish Melodi Grand Prix with his song `` Stemmen I Mit Liv '' . His real name is Thomas LÃ gaard .
At the Eurovision Song Contest in 1997 , he ended up 16th , with only 25 points .
Mellor made his first appearance on EastEnders on 20 May , 2007 playing salesman Warren Stamp .
Shortly after , he returned to acting , playing Greg , in Is Harry on the Boat ? .
Will also stars as `` Barmpot '' in postal worker drama Sorted and has also played DC Jed Griffiths in the second series of Murder Investigation Team .
He also had a small role in a Christmas version of Hollyoaks , in which he played the ghost of Jambo -LRB- even though Jambo is not dead -RRB- .
They have two children , Jayden Will born in 2004 in Hammersmith and Fulham , London , and a baby girl Renee born in June 2008 .
In 2004 he was the voice for Georgie -LRB- the dog -RRB- in the CITV series Barking .
Mellor lived as a child in the Bredbury area of Stockport going to Bredbury Green Primary School and later going to Werneth School , Greater Manchester , and was the youngest of the family with four older sisters : Janice , Cheryl , Joanne and Sarah , Joanne is disabled - Mellor acted in a 2006 blood donation advert , where he tells about his sister 's heart surgery .
Mellor won the first series of the BBC singing contest , Comic Relief does Fame Academy in 2003 .
He supports Manchester United .
He was also in the music video for Boyzone 's Comic Relief single `` When The Going Gets Tough '' .
Eastenders bosses were so happy they wanted Will to stay on for a longer time but he said no to the offer because he had other things to do that he had said yes to .
He also played Jack Vincent in Casualty between 2001 and 2003 and has starred -LRB- played one of the main actors -RRB- as Gaz Wilkinson in the TV comedy Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps since 2001 .
In 1993 tried to play football with Vauxhall Motors FC , and was about to sign a deal with them until he argued with manager Alex Tannin over bootlaces .
He met his wife , dancer Michelle McSween when they both starred in the stage musical Oh , What a Night in 1999 .
Mellor first started acting in 1990 , when he acted as Ben Rowlingson in the children 's program Children 's Ward .
Soon after , he made a cover of Leo Sayer 's When I Need You as a single , which went to number 5 in the British charts , as well as another song called No Matter What I Do , which reached number 23 .
Mellor used to date former Coronation Street actress Angela Griffin .
William `` Will '' Mellor -LRB- born 3 April 1976 in Bredbury , Stockport , Greater Manchester -RRB- is an English actor and former pop star .
In 1995 , Mellor starting acting in the soap opera , Hollyoaks in which he played -LRB- acted as -RRB- James ` Jambo ' Bolton . He left the show in 1998 .
On July 15 , the leak was stopped by capping the gushing wellhead after letting out about 4.9 million barrels -LRB- 780 Ã -- 10 m -RRB- of crude oil .
The spill was caused by an oil gusher that resulted from the drilling rig explosion on April 20 , 2010 .
The explosion killed 11 platform workers and injured 17 others .
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill -LRB- also called the BP oil spill , the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , the BP oil disaster or the Macondo blowout -RRB- is an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill -LRB- also called the BP oil spill , the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , the BP oil disaster or the Macondo blowout -RRB- is an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . It is the largest marine oil spill in history .
It is the largest marine oil spill in history .
The Connecticut Whale is an American professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1997 . They currently play in the American Hockey League and are the farm team of the New York Rangers of the NHL .
They play their home games in Hartford , Connecticut at the XL Center .
Sommervieu is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
In computing , an anonymous function is a function that has no name .
He is twelve years old at the beginning of the series , and turns thirteen in The Vile Village .
He is fourteen by the end of the series .
Klaus is the middle child of the Baudelaire orphans ; he has an older sister named Violet and a younger sister named Sunny .
It is a parody of `` Bad '' by Michael Jackson .
`` Fat '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
The family Chinchillidae contains the chinchillas , viscachas , and their fossil relatives .
All species have thick , soft fur , which is considered valuable in some species .
They are restricted to southern and western South America . Often they can be found in the Andes .
There are three extant and three fossil genera currently recognized .
They are large rodents , weighing from 800 grams to 8 kilograms , with strong hind legs and large ears .
Youngstown is a city in Mahoning County , Ohio , United States .
Tim Cahill -LRB- born 6 December 1979 -RRB- is an Australian football player . He plays for Everton and Australia national team .
Albert Szent-Gy Ã rgyi de NagyrÃ polt -LRB- September 16 , 1893 - October 22 , 1986 -RRB- was an Hungarian scientist . He won the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , for his discoveries about Vitamin C.
E-sharp minor is a minor scale based on the musical note Eâ .
Its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp .
E-sharp minor is usually written as its enharmonic equivalent F minor .
After the neolithic period comes the Bronze Age .
Nicktoons are animated television shows which are produced by and aired on the children 's television channel Nickelodeon .
The idea for Nicktoons was formed in 1989 and on Sunday , August 11 , 1991 , the first Nicktoon , Rugrats , was aired followed by Doug and The Ren and Stimpy Show .
Prior to 1991 , Nickelodeon aired mostly foreign made animated series .
This format was repeated every Sunday .
They often have a contrapuntal texture and each phrase is usually four bars long .
The gigue usually has a compound metre such as 6\/8 , 6\/4 , 9\/8 or 12\/16 .
The west part of the mountains lies in Ventura County while the east part lies within Los Angeles County .
The Santa Susana Mountains are a mountain range in southern California , in the United States .
It shares borders with the states of ParÃ and Amazonas , as well as the countries Venezuela and Guyana .
The Monte Roraima National Park is located around one of the highest mountains of Brazil , the 2727 m high Tepui Monte Roraima .
Roraima is both the northernmost and least populated state of Brazil .
The state has many mineral deposits - especially gold , diamonds , cassiterite , bauxite and copper .
The climate is tropical with an average temperature of 26 Â C. Most of the state is located in the Amazon rainforest . A small part of the state is a small strip of savanna to the east .
In 1962 , it was renamed `` Roraima . '' In 1988 , it became a state .
In 1943 the Federal Government separated the area from the state Amazonas . The territory was first named Rio Branco after the main river .
Troarn is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Electrical power transmission has replaced mechanical power transmission in all but the very shortest distances .
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a place where it can be used for work .
With widespread establishment of power grids , power transmission has came to be associated most often with electric power transmission .
Since the development of technology , Transmission and storage systems have been of immense interest to technologists and technology users .
Mechanical power may be transmitted directly using a solid structure such as a driveshaft ; transmission gears can adjust the amount of torque or force vs. speed in much the same way an electrical transformer adjusts voltage vs current .
From the start of the industrial revolution until the end of the 19th century mechanical power transmission was the norm .
Nerf N-Strike is an video game that was made by Electronic Arts .
Nerf N-Strike is an video game that was made by Electronic Arts . It is part of the Nerf series .
It is part of the Nerf series .
Saint-Arnoult , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Kurma is a Hinduism avatara .
However , augites only look shiny some of the time . Most augites have a dull -LRB- dark green , brown or black -RRB- color .
They are mostly used on suburban routes serving the South East of England , now operated by Southeastern .
The British Rail Class 465 `` Networker '' electric multiple units were built by Metropolitan Cammell and BREL between 1991 and 1993 , and by ABB Rail between 1993 and 1994 .
They were brought into service from 1991 onwards .
Biot , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France .
Its feet turned inwards like a wombatâ s , giving it a pigeon-toed appearance .
Polish POWs in the Woldenberg -LRB- Dobiegniew -RRB- Oflag II-C POW camp were granted permission by their Nazi captors to have an unofficial POW Olympics in 1944 , showing that the Olympic spirit can survive even during war .
The anticipated 1944 Summer Olympics , which were to be officially known as the Games of the XIII Olympiad , were canceled because of World War II .
These events happened on 17 June to 19 June 1944 and were called `` The Jubilee Celebrations of IOC '' by Carl Diem , the man who began the modern tradition of the Olympic torch relay .
London hosted the next Olymic Games , the 1948 Summer Olympics , awarded without an election .
In spite of the war , the IOC had many events at its headquarters in Lausanne , Switzerland to celebrate its 50th anniversary .
They would have been held in London , England , which won the bid in the June 1939 International Olympic Committee election , over Rome , Detroit , Lausanne , Athens , Budapest , Helsinki and Montreal .
Delacroix 's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of color profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists , while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement .
Friend and spiritual heir to ThÃ odore GÃ ricault , Delacroix was also inspired by Byron , with whom he shared a strong identification with the `` forces of the sublime '' , of nature in often violent action .
In the words of Baudelaire , `` Delacroix was passionately in love with passion , but coldly determined to express passion as clearly as possible . ''
However , Delacroix was given neither to sentimentality nor bombast , and his Romanticism was that of an individualist .
In contrast to the Neoclassical perfectionism of his chief rival Ingres , Delacroix took for his inspiration the art of Rubens and painters of the Venetian Renaissance , with an attendant emphasis on color and movement rather than clarity of outline and carefully modeled form .
A fine lithographer , Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare , the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott , and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Ferdinand Victor EugÃ ne Delacroix -LRB- 26 April 1798 â `` 13 August 1863 -RRB- was a French Romantic artist regarded from the outset of his career as the leader of the French Romantic school .
Dramatic and romantic content characterized the central themes of his maturity , and led him not to the classical models of Greek and Roman art , but to travel in North Africa , in search of the exotic .
Guivry is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Takeshi Urakami -LRB- born 7 February 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Axon is the part of a neuron that branches off the main body -LRB- or soma -RRB- .
He has played for Japan national team .
Megumu Tamura -LRB- born 10 January 1927 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Raymond Thomas -LRB- Ray -RRB- Harford -LRB- 1 June 1945 â '' 9 August 2003 -RRB- is a former English football player .
It is 500 meters long . It flows through the northwestern slope of the Balkan Snowfield found between Hesperides Hill , Atlantic Club Ridge , Krum Rock and Sinemorets Hill in eastern Livingston Island .
Rezovski Creek -LRB- Bulgarian : Rezovski Potok 're - zov-ski po - ` tok -RRB- is a melt-water stream that can be found in Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Hurricane Helene was among the most powerful Atlantic storms of 1958 . Her peak winds were 135 miles per hour .
Helene was the only hurricane to affect the United States in 1958 .
Ciwan Haco -LRB- born 1957 -RRB- is a Kurdish singer .
After finishing high school , he left for Germany in order to continue his studies .
He was born near Qamishlo in Syria .
He has released 14 albums . He become well-known on the kurdish music scene after he sang for more than 200.000 people in Batman , south Turkey , in 2003 .
He combined Kurdish folk music with western style pop music , rock , blues , and jazz .
He studied music at the University of Bochum for three years .
He was a candidate in the 2001 Conservative Party leadership contest ; he lost to Iain Duncan Smith .
Portillo left the House of Commons at the 2005 General Election and has since hosted several television and radio programs .
Portillo returned to the House of Commons after winning a by-election in 1999 for the constituency of Kensington and Chelsea .
Miguel MuÃ oz -LRB- born 19 January 1922 - died 16 July 1990 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
It is native to western North America .
Showy Milkweed -LRB- Asclepias speciosa -RRB- is a species of milkweed plant .
HiÃ ville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Soignies is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
Shaun Toub is an Iranian-American film and television actor .
He is perhaps best known for his role as Farhad in the 2004 movie Crash , as Rahim Khan in the movie The Kite Runner , as Yinsen in the movie Iron Man and as Iroh in the movie The Last Airbender .
Willi Schulz -LRB- born 4 October , 1938 -RRB- is a former German football player .
It consists of sodium and dichromate ions .
Sodium dichromate is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is Na2Cr2O7 .
Budgerigars are often called parakeets , especially in American English . The term Parakeet refers to many types of small parrots with long flat tails .
Chants of the Office started in the early 4th century , when holy men in the deserts started the tradition of singing all 150 psalms every week .
In the past , people sang different songs in parts of Europe , but Gregorian chant replaced almost all of them . Although the Roman Catholic Church no longer requires people to sing Gregorian chants , it still says that Gregorian chant is the best music for prayer .
The sorts of songs , which Catholics later sang in the Roman Rite , started to appear in the 3rd century .
Gregorian chants are divided into three types based on the number of notes sung to each syllable . Syllabic chants mostly have one note per syllable .
People who study the history of music and religion no longer believe this , because most early Christian songs were not from the Psalms , and Jews did not sing Psalms for many centuries after their most important holy place , the Second Temple , was destroyed in the year 70 .
In Roman Catholic churches , prayers and songs follow an order called the `` Roman Rite . '' Gregorian chant is the music used in the Mass and the Office of the Roman Rite .
In neumatic chants there are mostly two or three notes per syllable , while melismatic chants have lots of notes for one syllable . .
The words `` amen '' and `` alleluia '' come from the Hebrew language of the Jews . The prayer `` santus , sanctus , sanctus , '' which means `` holy , holy , holy , '' comes from the Jewish prayer `` kadosh , kadosh , kadosh . ''
However , some parts of Jewish music and prayer ended up later in Gregorian chant . The organized order of prayers called `` canonical hours '' come from Jewish tradition .
It is bordered by the counties of Kent , Surrey and West Sussex , and to the south by the English Channel .
East Sussex is a county in South East England .
SÃ bastien Olivier Buemi -LRB- born October 31 , 1988 in Aigle , Vaud -RRB- is a Swiss racing driver , who competes for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One .
Season in progress .
The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a replacement and is given to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- playing for the team with the fewest goals scored against them .
Roy has won the trophy five times , the most of any goaltender .
The William M. Jennings Trophy is an award in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- given each year to `` to the goalkeeper -LRB- s -RRB- having played a minimum of 25 games for the team with the fewest goals scored against it .
Since it began in 1982 , it has been awarded at the end of 25 seasons to 27 different players .
It has been won most often by the Montreal Canadiens , on 5 occasions .
It is named for the late William M. Jennings , who was a governor and president of the New York Rangers and who helped build ice hockey in the United States .
The Jennings Trophy was donated by the NHL 's board of governors and first handed out at the end of the 1981 â `` 82 season .
Until the 1980 â `` 81 season , the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the goaltender -LRB- s -RRB- of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season .
The most recent winner is Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils , who allowed a league-low 191 team goals against in 2010 .
The New Jersey Devils have won four times , and Buffalo Sabres and Chicago Blackhawks have three wins each .
Up until 1981 , the Vezina Trophy had been awarded under that definition , but it was later changed and replaced by the Jennings Trophy .
Winners are selected based on regular-season play . ''
However , it was discovered that this often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual , so they changed it to offer the Vezina to the most outstanding goaltender , as voted by the NHL General Managers .
Normally the lowest number of games a goaltender must play to be eligible for the trophy is 25 , but for the lockout shortened 1994 â `` 95 season , the lowest was fourteen games .
Belfour and Brodeur are tied for second , having each won the trophy four times .
Kozo Yuki -LRB- born 23 January 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Fortuna DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Some states claim to be principalities but are not recognized by other countries : Sealand -LRB- an oil platform off the English coast -RRB- , Seborga -LRB- a small town in Italy -RRB- , the Principality of Hutt River in Australia and the Principality of Minerva in the Pacific .
In her semifinal she received 25.000 votes , about 10.000 more votes then any of the other winners of the semifinals .
AyniÅ an Quliyeva born 1992 in Baku , Azerbaijan is a singer and daughter of famous Azeri singer Aybeniz Hasimova .
In 2010 she made it to the Azerbaijani national final for the chance to represent Azerbaijan in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany .
Quliyeva is considered favorite to win the national final .
The MIPS architecture has instructions which are 32 bits long .
The fields used in these types are :
A program normally relies on such factors . For this reason , different systems will typically not run the same machine code .
They specify the basic instruction type . Other fields may give the type of the operands , the addressing mode , and so on .
Machine code is sometimes called native code .
Machine code or machine language is the name for commands . They can directly be executed by a processor .
The general type of instruction is in the op -LRB- operation -RRB- field . It is the highest 6 bits .
R-type -LRB- register -RRB- instructions include the field funct . It determines the exact operation of the code .
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set .
An instruction set is specific to a processor or a family of processors that have a similar set up .
Instructions are patterns of bits . They correspond to the different commands that can be given .
J-type -LRB- jump -RRB- and I-type -LRB- immediate -RRB- instructions are fully given by op .
rs , rt , and rd indicate register operands . shamt gives a shift amount .
Winchester is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Nintendo Research & Development 1 , also known as Nintendo R&D 1 , is a division of Nintendo .
These individual styles of martial arts also reflect on the personalities of the user and the nations as a whole .
Each of these employ a different form of martial arts in their fighting choreography : Ba Gua for Airbending , Hung Gar for Earthbending , Northern Shaolin for Firebending , and Tai Chi for Waterbending .
IGN also compared character relationships , complimenting `` Sokka and Princess Yue 's forbidden love '' while criticizing Iroh and Zuko 's relationship as not being executed properly .
In particular , Mell enjoyed the development of Katara and Zuko throughout the first season , but thought that Zuko 's relationship with his uncle was not `` very organic . ''
In the show , some characters have the ability to manipulate one of the four classic elements of ancient philosophy : Water , Earth , Fire and Air , although the Avatar has the ability to control all four .
DVDVerdict felt that some minor characters , especially Mai and Ty Lee , were `` love em ' or hate em ' '' characters .
Toph , despite being blind , is extremely perceptive of the world around her due to her connection to the Earth .
Studios such as Studio 4 Â C , Production I. G , and Studio Ghibli , which produced anime-styled cartoons , were also sources of inspiration .
The greatest influences on the series were Asian art and history ; the characters ' various personalities and traits are based on philosophical teachings such as Taoism and Buddhism .
Jamie S. Rich of DVD Talk generally agreed with Mell 's assessment of the characters .
This makes the cartoon one of few animations to win the award and the only one to be cited for its character development .
Fitz at Lair of the Green Knight lauded the decision to not stereotypically fashion the woman into the `` usual weak female characters '' but to instead give them `` strong opinions and strength '' .
The anime-styled character art based on Shinichiro Watanabe 's Cowboy Bebop , Samurai Champloo , and FLCL -LRB- Fooly Cooly -RRB- of Gainax .
The original character conception was derived from a sketch by Bryan Konietzko that depicted a middle-aged balding man with an arrow on his head .
These starkly individual tendencies are explained in eighty-five distinct types of `` Jings '' , or internal energy .
The characters of Avatar : The Last Airbender were designed by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , the co-creators of the series .
Lair of the Green Knight and DVD Verdict also enjoyed the romantic tension , focusing mainly on the female cast : Katara , Toph , and Azula , as well as the two minor characters , Mai and Ty Lee .
Aang , a pacifist monk , is also very carefree and child-like , which is commonly attributed to the `` freedom '' of the wind and the air .
Rich also praised the fact that , unlike many cartoon television series , Avatar introduces antagonists that have a deep backstory and `` are -LRB- not -RRB- just evil for the sake of it '' .
Many of the recurring characters of the series have received more depth in their personalities , which are usually based on their respective element .
Gabriel Powers of DVDActive thought that while the characters fit into neat `` archetypes '' , it was not a bad thing and fit well with the series .
Unlike Aang , she is extremely brusque when criticizing others , which is attributed to Earth 's tough and unbreakable nature .
For example , Ba Gua employs the `` negative jing '' to create erratic circular movements and capitalizes on centripetal force and defensive positions while Northern Shaolin follows the `` positive jing '' and emphasizes brute strength and aggression to generate power .
The characters of Avatar : The Last Airbender received both praise and criticism from reviewers .
Iroh -LRB- Mako in season one and two .
In 2008 , Avatar was awarded a Peabody for its `` unusually complex characters '' .
Troy Island Mell , of IGN , felt that the story `` would -LRB- not -RRB- be anywhere near as good as it is without its ability to create such strong characters '' .
Jeremy Mullin , another IGN reviewer , disagreed with Mell and Rich ; he felt that the characters were not brilliantly done , though he noted that they introduced some drama and romantic tension usually not found on Nickelodeon , especially between Aang and Katara .
jpg thumb -LRB- 414x600 -RRB- px right PenÃ lope Cruz -RRB- -RRB- PenÃ lope Cruz -LRB- born 28 April 1974 -RRB- is a Spanish television and motion picture actress .
Cruz made her acting debut on television at age 16 ; her film debut was during 1992 .
The Channel Islands are a group of islands near the coast of France . The five largest islands are :
Acherontia lachesis is a large -LRB- up to 13 cm wingspan -RRB- Sphingid moth found in India and much of the Oriental region , one of the three species of Death 's - head Hawkmoth , also known as the Bee Robber .
Junji Kawano -LRB- born 11 July 1945 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Domestic violence sometimes does not get reported to the police . Estimates say that only a third of domestic violence cases -LRB- or even less -RRB- get reported to the authorities .
Victims of domestic violence are mostly women and children ; domestic violence can occur in heterosexual and same-sex relationships . There is often a predictable pattern or cycle of violence in a relationship and the abuse tends to get worse over time .
Victims of domestic violence are mostly women and children ; domestic violence can occur in heterosexual and same-sex relationships .
Domestic violence means that in a relationship or marriage , one of the partners uses physical , sexual or psychological violence to try to get power or control over the other . Victims of domestic violence are mostly women and children ; domestic violence can occur in heterosexual and same-sex relationships .
Mariel Margaret Garciaparra -LRB- born on March 17 , 1972 , in Selma , Alabama -RRB- , best known as Mia Hamm , is a retired American soccer player .
This is the hexadecimal color code used for Great Eastern Railway lines .
Eastbourne lies next to chalk hills called the South Downs . The famous chalk cliff Beachy Head is in the town .
The following pages are listed under the category Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
Dana Snyder is a American voice actor best known for voicing `` Master Shake '' on the adult swim tv program Aqua Teen Hunger Force .
During the Lightning 's Stanley Cup winning year , Martin St. Louis won the Hart Trophy , the league 's most valuable player . After game 7 against the Calgary Flames , Brad Richards was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy , the play-offs most valuable player .
Also , coach John Tortorella was awarded the Jack Adams Trophy for coach of the year .
After the collapse of the western Roman Empire , the Visigoths played a major role in western European affairs for another two and a half centuries . The Visigoths were well known for adopting the Roman Culture and the Roman 's style of clothing .
The Visigoths -LRB- Western Goths -RRB- were one of two main branches of the Goths . The Goths were an East Germanic tribe -LRB- the Ostrogoths being the other -RRB- .
Lochristi is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
It is the last town on Victoria 's east coast before the border with New South Wales .
Mallacoota has a small airport -LRB- Mallacoota Airport -RRB- YMCO -LRB- XMC -RRB- for private small planes .
Mallacoota is a small town in East Gippsland , Victoria , Australia .
It is 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and 523 k kilometres from Melbourne .
Monnes is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Iliescu was the elected President of Romania for eleven years -LRB- three terms -RRB- , from 1990 to 1992 , 1992 to 1996 , and 2000 to 2004 .
He joined the Communist Party in 1953 , and became a member of the Central Committee in 1965 , serving in various positions until Nicolae CeauÅ escu was overthrown in 1989 .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
He then moved to Europe , signing with the Manchester Phoenix in the summer of 2007 to play under Tony Hand .
Tallari moved to the Hartford Wolf Pack , the farm team for the New York Rangers .
Joe Tallari -LRB- born October 5 , 1980 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player .
This performance won Tallari the ` Best Newcomer ' award at the 2008 Man of Ice Awards and ensured his selection for the 2007-08 EIHL All-Star team .
Over the following three seasons , Tallari switched between teams in the ECHL and the AHL , spending time with the Cleveland Barons , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers -LRB- on two occasions -RRB- and the Las Vegas Wranglers .
In April 2008 it was announced that Tallari would leave Manchester to sign for the Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria in order to try and qualify for the Italian national team .
He stayed for just one season before moving to the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL , where he again topped the 50 point mark .
Tallari finished the season as the EIHL 's second highest goal scorer , with 55 goals and 38 assists in 59 games .
On 07 May 2009 he left Hockey Club Pustertal-Val Pusteria and signed a contract with HC Eppan Pirats Internorm .
Crianlarich -LRB- A ' ChrÃ on LÃ raich in Gaelic -RRB- is a village in Stirling district , Scotland , about six miles north-east of the head of Loch Lomond .
The village 's name derives from the Gaelic for `` low pass '' , relating to its geographical location .
Until 1975 , it was in the historic county of Perthshire .
Weak anthropic principle : `` We must be prepared to take into account the fact that our location in the universe is necessarily privileged to the extent of being compatible with our existence as observers . ''
There are two different kinds of anthropic principles : the weak anthropic principle , and the strong anthropic principle .
The anthropic principle is a principle that says that the universe is how it is because it must allow for the eventual creation of us , as observers . The anthropic principle was thought of in 1974 , by the astronomer Brandon Carter .
Sexual fetishism may be thought of , in psychiatric medicine , as a disorder of sexual preference , It may also be thought of as a better way to a relationship .
Sexual fetishism , or erotic fetishism , can be sexual arousal caused by any object , situation , or body part .
The term was first made by Alfred Binet , the psychologist better known for inventing IQ testing .
Oddleifson was selected 10th overall in the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft by the California Golden Seals following a final junior season with the Winnipeg Jets of the WCHL , during which he finished with 95 points -LRB- including a league-leading 64 assists -RRB- and 243 penalty minutes .
Nevertheless , he finished with career highs of 16 goals and 35 assists for 51 points in just 60 games .
By the 1979 â `` 80 season , the emergence of young stars like Thomas Gradin , Stan Smyl and Curt Fraser , as well as the acquisition of several skilled veterans , had pushed Oddleifson into a mainly defensive role , and he finished the season with career lows of just 8 goals and 28 points .
He managed to crack the Bruins full-time in 1974 â `` 75 , highlighted by a four-goal game against the Golden Seals , the team that had given up on him two years earlier .
In 1972 â `` 73 , Oddleifson finally made his NHL debut , appearing in 6 games for Boston without recording a point .
Following his career , Oddleifson returned to Vancouver and became a successful real estate agent .
In 1975 â `` 76 , Oddleifson would have his finest NHL season , as he notched 16 goals and a club-leading 46 assists for a career high 62 points .
Oddleifson spent two more seasons playing in Switzerland before retiring in 1983 .
He remains active with the Canuck Oldtimers squad .
However , he was assigned to the minor leagues and would never play an National Hockey League game for the Seals , and was dealt to the Boston Bruins mid-way through the 1971 â `` 72 season .
He is best known for his time with the Vancouver Canucks , where he was one of the team 's top players for much of the 1970s and served as team captain in 1976 â `` 77 .
Christopher Roy Oddleifson -LRB- born September 7 , 1950 in Brandon , Manitoba -RRB- is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League from 1972 until 1981 .
In 1977 â `` 78 , he recorded a career-high 17 goals for the club .
Late in the season , he was dealt to the Vancouver Canucks in a deal for sniper Bobby Schmautz , and he finished out his rookie season with decent totals of 13 goals and 29 points in 70 games between Boston and Vancouver .
He finished his NHL career with totals 95 goals and 191 assists for 286 points in 524 games , along with 464 penalty minutes .
He lead the Canucks in scoring through the early part of the season , until a fractured jaw forced him to miss 20 games .
Although his production waned somewhat in the next few seasons , he remained one of the team 's top all-around forwards and most popular players .
Early in the 1980 â `` 81 campaign , he was assigned to the Dallas Black Hawks , effectively ending his NHL career .
He was named team captain for 1976 â `` 77 , although he was replaced by Don Lever the following year .
He proved himself to be an exceptional all-around player who possessed size , toughness , and playmaking ability , as well as the ability to play both at center and on the wing .
Oddleifson would have his breakout year in 1974 â `` 75 , as he emerged as a leader on a young Canuck team which surprised by winning their division and making the playoffs for the first time in franchise history .
The Thrashers did not qualify for the playoffs .
Ender 's Shadow is the first of a series that includes Shadow of the Hegemon , Shadow Puppets , and Shadow of the Giant .
Ender 's Shadow -LRB- 1999 -RRB- is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card . It is a parallel novel , which means it has a story that has some of the events in Ender 's Game from the point of view of another character named Bean .
This book was first titled `` Urchin '' , but it was changed before release . Ender 's Shadow is the first of a series that includes Shadow of the Hegemon , Shadow Puppets , and Shadow of the Giant .
The award was first introduced in 1956 by Commissioner Ford Frick in honor of Hall of Fame pitcher Cy Young , who died in 1955 .
The formula used to calculate the final scores is a weighted sum of the votes : Score = 5F + 3S + T , where F is the number of first place votes , S is second place votes , and T is third place votes .
Each league 's award is voted on by two members of the Baseball Writers Association of America in each league city , meaning 28 ballots are cast for the American League winner , and 32 for the National League .
The pitcher with the highest score in each league wins the award .
Each places a vote for first , second , and third place among the pitchers of each league .
The award was given to the best pitcher in the major leagues .
If two pitchers receive the same number of votes , the award is shared between the two .
In baseball , the Cy Young Award is an honor given to the best pitcher in the Major League Baseball .
Joseba Etxeberria -LRB- born 5 September 1977 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
The Secretary also serves on and appoints the private citizens on the National Park Foundation board .
The Secretary is a member of the President 's Cabinet .
The Secretary of the Interior is eighth in the United States presidential line of succession .
The United States Secretary of the Interior is the head of the United States Department of the Interior .
The Department of the Interior oversees such agencies as the Bureau of Land Management , the United States Geological Survey , and the National Park Service .
He has played for the Japan national team .
Shigeyoshi Suzuki -LRB- born 13 October 1902 - died 20 December 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The official version of this policy is at Wikimedia : Privacy policy .
If you want to discuss this , go to meta : talk : Privacy policy .
There are several major types of electron microscope , such as : Transmission Electron Microscope -LRB- TEM -RRB- , Reflection Electron Microscope -LRB- REM -RRB- , Scanning Electron Microscope -LRB- SEM -RRB- , Scanning Transmission Electron Microscope -LRB- STEM -RRB- , and others .
Originally , a pie made with any kind of meat and mashed potato was called a `` cottage pie '' .
It is a dish of minced meat with mashed potato on top .
In modern British English , the dish is usually called `` cottage pie '' if it is made with beef . If it is made with lamb it is usually called shepherd 's pie .
Twentieth Century Fox was formed in 1935 when Fox Film Corporation and Twentieth Century Pictures joined together to form the company .
It is located in the Century City area of Los Angeles , California , USA , just west of Beverly Hills . The studio is a subsidiary of News Corporation , the media conglomerate controlled by Rupert Murdoch .
Twentieth -LRB- 20th -RRB- Century Fox Film Corporation -LRB- known from 1935 to 1985 as Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation -RRB- is a large American company that makes movies -LRB- `` motion picture studio '' -RRB- .
NetBSD is an open source version of the Unix-derivative BSD computer operating system .
GrÃ fendorf is a municipality in the district of Main-Spessart in Bavaria in Germany , near WÃ 1\/4 rzburg , Aschaffenburg and Frankfurt .
Hideya Okamoto -LRB- born 18 May 1987 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Avispa Fukuoka .
Sevak Ruben or Ruben Sevak -LRB- February 15 , 1885 - August 26 , 1915 -RRB- was an Armenian poet a prose-writer , and a doctor .
Among many others , he was arrested on April 24 , 1915 and killed on August 26 , 1915 during the Armenian Genocide .
All 24 German submarines are stationed in EckernfÃ rde .
EckernfÃ rde -LRB- Danish : EgernfÃ rde , sometimes also Egernfjord , Low German : EckernfÃ r , sometimes also EckernfÃ Ã r -RRB- is a German city in Schleswig-Holstein , Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernf Ã rde at the Baltic Sea near Kiel .
The population is about 23,000 .
EckernfÃ rde is a well-known touristic center in Northern Germany .
His interests were in astronomy . He tried to develop a calendar and for this he investigated Diophantine equations .
Sun Tzu or Sun Zi was a Chinese mathematician of the third century CE .
He is best known for authoring Sun Tzu Suan Ching -LRB- pinyin : Sun Zi Suan Jing ; literally , `` Sun Tzu 's Calculation Classic '' -RRB- , which contains the Chinese remainder theorem .
Maxi RodrÃ guez -LRB- born 2 January 1981 -RRB- is an Argentine football player . He plays for Liverpool and Argentina national team .
Frasier got his own show -LRB- Frasier -RRB- the season after Cheers ended .
Tell City is a city of Indiana in the United States .
It is owned by First Group and combines the service on the cross-London Thameslink railway line between Brighton and Bedford with services along the East Coast Main Line from King 's Cross and Moorgate to Peterborough , Cambridge , and King 's Lynn formerly operated by WAGN , often referred to as Great Northern .
First Capital Connect -LRB- FCC -RRB- is a passenger train operating company in England that began operations on the National Rail network on 1 April 2006 .
Mestrius Plutarchus -LRB- Greek : Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Î Ï ; c. 46 - 127 -RRB- , better known in English as Plutarch , was a Greek historian , writer of biographies and essays .
Vinegar contains about 5 % of Acetic acid .
However , he signed some of his prints before 1532 with `` HSP '' .
He also made prints to be used as cards , wallpaper , coats of arms , designs for other artists and designs for stained or painted glass .
He also painted a table top -LRB- now in the Louvre -RRB- for Cardinal Albrecht , Archbishop of Mainz .
In 1525 , he and his brother were banished from Nuremberg because they were thought to have not accepted the Churches ideas -LRB- heresy -RRB- and blasphemy .
They came back to the city in 3 months , but Beham was banished again in 1528 for publishing a book which was plagiarised from an unpublished manuscript by Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer .
Since he was working at the same time as DÃ 1\/4 rer , the most recognized artist at the time , one of his early woodcuts , `` Head of Christ '' , was thought to have been done by DÃ 1\/4 rer .
He is one of the most important of the `` Little Masters '' , a group of German artists making old master prints in the generation after Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer .
His book was mostly just a simplified book of DÃ 1\/4 rer 's own books , but his book was easier to use and cheaper than DÃ 1\/4 rer 's books , so artists preferred to buy his .
He worked on small , very detailed engravings -LRB- sometimes as small as a postage stamp -RRB- . This makes him part of the German printmaking school called the `` Little Masters '' , since their works were so small .
He created and published his works himself , but his larger works were mostly commissioned work to be sold .
Hans Sebald Beham -LRB- 1500 â `` 1550 -RRB- was a German printmaker who did his best work as an engraver . He also designed woodcuts , painted and worked as a miniaturist .
After he moved to Frankfurt , he signed his prints with `` HSB '' .
Beham was born in Nuremberg in 1500 into a family of artists .
Most people know him as `` Sebald Beham '' .
Later , he re-drew some of DÃ 1\/4 rer 's works like gus Melancholia of 1539 .
Beham made about 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts .
In cooking , a consommÃ is a type of clear soup made from richly flavored stock or bouillon . `` Double '' consommÃ is clarified often through a fining process involving egg protein .
It usually requires an advanced knowledge of cooking and past experience to create a high quality consommÃ .
ConsommÃ has maintained its place as one of the most highly regarded and appreciated soups in the world .
A Lego minifigure -LRB- a.k.a. lego person -RRB- is a small figure as part of Lego toys .
A Lego minifigure -LRB- a.k.a. lego person -RRB- is a small figure as part of Lego toys . Minifigures are found in Lego sets , although they are also sold separately as keychains and magnets .
Minifigures are found in Lego sets , although they are also sold separately as keychains and magnets .
Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label that was first based in New Cross , South East London .
The Italians came to the area in the 1940s and 50 's and like the Chinese grew tobacco .
The valley has become famous for its different wines , such as sangiovese , nebbiolo and barbera .
Whitfield and Moyhu are the major towns in the King Valley along the road from Wangaratta or Mansfield .
The vineyards have Italian names like Pizzini , Dal Zotto , Corsini , Sartori , Ciccone and Politini .
The King River is used for kayaking with many level two and three rapids .
In 2008 it was the site for the Victorian and Australian Downriver Championships .
The King Valley has some of the highest altitude vineyards in Australia .
King River is a river in the north east of Victoria , Australia .
Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans is a commune .
Little Green Bag is a 1969 song written by Jan Visser and George Baker , and recorded by the George Baker Selection .
The Isthmus of Corinth is a narrow bit of land which connects the Peloponnese peninsula with mainland Greece . It is near to the city of Corinth .
He was the captain on the Toronto Maple Leafs for 11 seasons .
Mats Johan Sundin -LRB- born February 13 , 1971 -RRB- is a retired Swedish hockey player .
Bournonville , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
CitroÃ `` n 2CV was a car produced by CitroÃ `` n from 1949 through 1990 .
Anderson Santos Silva -LRB- born 14 December 1981 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Roman Giertych comes from a family of Polish politicians , being a son of Maciej Giertych and a grandson of JÄ drzej Giertych .
He graduated from Adam Mickiewicz University in PoznaÅ with a master 's degrees in both law and history .
For several years he was a member of the National-Democratic Party -LRB- Stronnictwo Narodowo-Demokratyczne -RRB- and the National Party -LRB- Stronnictwo Narodowe -RRB- , which went with several other organizations to form the League of Polish Families -LRB- Liga Polskich Rodzin , LPR -RRB- in 2001 .
In 1989 , he reactivated the far-right `` All-Polish Youth '' -LRB- MÅ odzieÅ 1\/4 Wszechpolska -RRB- organization , becoming its chairman ; he remains honorary chairman to this day .
Roman Jacek Giertych is a former Minister of Education in Poland . He was born February 27 , 1971 in Å rem .
Berlencourt-le-Cauroy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Sports events occurring in .
Jonathan `` John '' Silver was the second drummer for the English rock band Genesis .
Silver appears on the band 's first full length album , From Genesis to Revelation and on the Genesis Archive 1967-75 box set .
He was replaced by John Mayhew .
Silver lives in London with his wife , Lucy , and children , Leo , Max , and Libby .
She began training for rhythmic gymnastics at the age of three .
Hisasi Osima , better known as Kyu Sakamoto -LRB- December 10 , 1941 - August 12 , 1985 -RRB- was a Japanese singer and actor .
Daishiro Yoshimura -LRB- born 16 August 1947 - died 1 November 2003 -RRB- is a former Brazilian-Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 2,151 .
Sulligent is a city in Lamar County , Alabama , United States .
The name is derived from railroad personae .
Tony Curtis -LRB- born Bernard Schwartz , June 3 , 1925 - September 29 , 2010 -RRB- was an American film actor . He was most popular during the late 1950s and early 1960s .
It took over more and more from the power of the monarch , and after the Act of Union 1707 became the main part of the Parliament of Great Britain , and later the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Following the Treaty of Union in 1707 twin Acts of Parliament passed in , respectively , the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland created a new Kingdom of Great Britain and dissolved both parliaments , replacing them with a new Parliament of Great Britain based in the former home of the English parliament .
Park Jong-Jin -LRB- born 24 June 1987 -RRB- is a South Korean football player .
Braine-l ` Alleud is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
The word comes from the akademeia just outside ancient Athens , where the gymnasium was made famous by Plato .
The official languages are English , MÄ ori and New Zealand sign language .
New Zealand -LRB- also Aotearoa -RRB- is a country in the south-western Pacific Ocean . It is made up of two large islands -LRB- the North Island and the South Island -RRB- and several much smaller islands .
Burgundy snail or Roman snail or edible snail -LRB- Helix pomatia -RRB- is a species of large , edible , air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae .
Telus logo is stylized as TELUS .
Telus logo is stylized as TELUS . Telus ' head office is in Burnaby , British Columbia .
AGT was owned by the government of Alberta . AGT wanted to separate from the government and formed a company called Telus in 1990 .
Bilca is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
ReLoad is an album by Metallica .
It was released on November 18 , 1997 .
But Saul 's son Jonathan is bound to David in friendship , which makes his anger fume on Jonathan as well .
Lupfig is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Shakespeare in Love is a 1998 romantic comedy starring Gwyneth Paltrow , Ben Affleck and Judi Dench . It won 7 awards , including Best Picture of 1998 .
Alberto Ascari -LRB- July 13 , 1918 -- May 26 , 1955 -RRB- was an Italian racing driver and twice Formula One World Champion .
He is one of only two Italian Formula One World Champions in the history of the sport , and the only one winning his two championships in a Ferrari .
Wahlenbergia is a genus of between 150 and 270 species of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae . It is found everywhere except for North America .
Wahlenbergia species have spread widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of St Helena , including the now extinct species W. roxburghii .
Tessel is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
For other towns named Adelboden , see Adelboden -LRB- disambiguation -RRB-
Adelboden is a municipality of the district of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Randy Duane Couture -LRB- born June 22 , 1963 in Everett , Washington -RRB- is a American mixed martial artist , Greco-Roman wrestler and actor fighting for the UFC .
Couture has won the UFC Heavyweight Championship 3 times , the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship 2 times and is a UFC Hall of Famer . Couture also acted in the movie The Expendables as Toll Road .
Couture has won the UFC Heavyweight Championship 3 times , the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship 2 times and is a UFC Hall of Famer .
Woodward is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Woodward is a city of Oklahoma in the United States . It is the county seat of Woodward County .
In 2007 , breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives . They have a 1 in 33 chance of death from breast cancer .
In 2007 , breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives .
The first four are lung cancer , stomach cancer , liver cancer , and colon cancer .
Among all women in the world , breast cancer is the most common cancer .
Breast cancer is a type of cancer that happens to the breast .
In 2005 , breast cancer caused 502,000 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 1 % of all deaths -RRB- in the world . Among all women in the world , breast cancer is the most common cancer .
In the United States , breast cancer is the most common cancer in women , and the second most common cause of cancer death in women -LRB- after lung cancer -RRB- . In 2007 , breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives .
Assis-sur-Serre is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
JÃ 1\/4 rgen Werner -LRB- born 15 August , 1935 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Cleveleys is a village on the Fylde Coast of Lancashire , England , about 4 miles north of Blackpool and 2 miles south of Fleetwood .
It is part of the Borough of Wyre .
Like , this one lets you know the date , time , and the amount of articles on Wikipedia .
This template is used at the top of your userpage .
However , is blue , and some people may not like blue .
This template turns out orange , the same colors of the `` You have new messages -LRB- last changes -RRB- '' box .
The 1959 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship .
In physical geography , a dune is a hill of sand built by eolian processes .
A `` dune field '' is an area covered by many sand dunes .
Dunes have different forms and sizes based on their interaction with the wind .
Temple Square is a National Historic Landmark and religious center located in Salt Lake City , Utah , and is owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -LRB- LDS Church -RRB- .
Temple Square contains the Salt Lake Temple , Salt Lake Tabernacle , Salt Lake Assembly Hall , the Seagull Monument and two visitors ' centers .
Mazan-l ` Abbaye is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Teller is a city in Alaska .
Later outbreaks include the Italian Plague of 1629-1631 , the Great Plague of London -LRB- 1665 â `` 1666 -RRB- , the Great Plague of Vienna -LRB- 1679 -RRB- , the Great Plague of Marseille in 1720 â `` 1722 and the 1771 plague in Moscow .
The uncertainty of daily survival influenced people to live for the moment , as illustrated by Giovanni Boccaccio in The Decameron -LRB- 1353 -RRB- .
It was a serious blow to the Roman Catholic Church and resulted in widespread persecution of minorities such as Jews , Muslims , foreigners , beggars and lepers .
Pressy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Vetus Latina is the name given to a collection of Biblical texts that were translated into Latin before the Vulgate became the standard version used in the Latin-speaking world .
The Vulgate text means `` Glory -LRB- belongs -RRB- to God among the most high and peace among men of good will on earth '' .
The texts themselves are written in Late Latin , not in Old Latin .
Probably the best known difference between the Old Latin and the Vulgate is in the Pater Noster , where the phrase from the Vetus Latina , quotidianum panem , `` daily bread '' , becomes supersubstantialem panem , `` supersubstantial bread '' in the Vulgate .
The Old Latin text means , `` Glory -LRB- belongs -RRB- to God among the high , and peace -LRB- belongs -RRB- to men of good will on earth '' .
VÃ troz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Wilf Reginald Cude -LRB- born July 4 , 1910 â `` died May 5 , 1968 -RRB- was a NHL ice hockey center who played 10 seasons for numerous NHL teams .
The video was shot at the Los Angeles International Airport .
Gry Forssell -LRB- February 16,1973 in VÃ xjÃ , Sweden -RRB- is a television presenter on TV4 .
JosÃ Leandro Ferreira -LRB- born 17 March , 1959 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player . He has played for Flamengo and Brazil national team .
The Soviet Union had controlled Eastern Europe for many years . In 1989 , Poland was the first country to begin to break free from the Soviet Union .
In 2000 , he became the first modern Catholic pope to visit Egypt , and met with the Coptic Pope , and the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria .
In 1963 Bishop WojtyÅ a became Archbishop of KrakÃ w. On 26 June 1967 , Pope Paul VI announced Archbishop WojtyÅ a 's promotion to the Sacred College of Cardinals .
He was the first Catholic Pope to visit and pray in an Islamic mosque , in Damascus , Syria in 2001 .
He worked as a volunteer librarian and was an athlete , actor and playwright . He did two months military training in the Academic Legion because it was compulsory , but he refused to hold or fire a weapon .
Pope John Paul II `` succeeded '' Pope John Paul I who died suddenly .
Blessed Pope John Paul II was born in Wadowice , Poland on 18 May 1920 as Karol JÃ zef WojtyÅ a and died on 2 April 2005 . He was elected Pope on 16 October 1978 , and served for 27 years .
He was the first reigning pope to travel to the United Kingdom , where he met Queen Elizabeth II , the Supreme Governor of the Church of England .
Pope John Paul II was the first non-Italian pope in 455 years . Pope John Paul II traveled more than any other pope before him , visiting many of the countries of the world .
He also went to many countries that no pope had ever visited before .
John Paul I was pope for only 33 days .
Karol JÃ zef WojtyÅ a was born on 18 May 1920 in Wadowice in southern Poland and was the youngest of three children of Karol WojtyÅ a and Emilia Kaczorowska .
According to the Vatican , Pope John Paul II 's remains -LRB- which will not be exhumed and exposed -RRB- will be moved from the grotto beneath St. Peter 's Basilica , where he is presently buried , to a marble stone monument in Pier Paolo Cristofari 's Chapel of St. Sebastian , which is where Blessed Pope Innocent XI is currently buried ; Blessed Pope Innocent 's remains will likely be moved .
One of John Paul II 's earliest official visits was to his home country of Poland , in June 1979 .
In 1939 , Nazi forces closed the Jagiellonian University .
On later trips to Poland , he made his message of support stronger .
He visited Umayyad Mosque , where John the Baptist is believed to be buried .
From 1940 to 1944 WojtyÅ a worked in a restaurant , in a limestone quarry , and then as a salesman for a chemical factory .
This more prominent location , next to the Chapel of the Pieta , the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament and statues of Popes Pius XI and Pius XII , will increase the number of pilgrims capable of viewing his memorial .
After finishing his studies at the Marcin Wadowita high school in Wadowice , in 1938 WojtyÅ a enrolled at the Jagiellonian University in KrakÃ w , and in a school for drama .
His mother died in 1929 when he was just nine years old , and his father supported him so that he could study .
jpg thumb upright Pope John Paul II in 1993 John Paul II became Pope on 16 October 1978 .
Saint-Martin-de-Valamas is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
It 's a project under construction so the instructions might not be available or up-to-date yet .
This is a supportive template for various infoboxes from the : Category : Geobox series , not intended to be used on its own .
Please , see the instructions there .
Kiloware usually consists of used stamps and commonly still on paper , although off paper stamps may also be sold as kiloware .
Kiloware is a term for packages of postage stamps sold to stamp collectors by weight rather than by quantity , often in kilograms , hence the name .
Dot Jones -LRB- born on January 4 , 1964 as Dorothy-Marie Jones -RRB- is an athlete and actress who has had multiple roles in television .
She is currently starring in Glee as Shannon Beiste .
2017 -LRB- MMXVII -RRB- will be a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
VÃ lber da Silva Costa -LRB- born 6 December 1971 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Their members included Jim McGuinn -LRB- who later changed his name to Roger -RRB- , David Crosby , Gene Clark , Chris Hillman and Michael Clarke . Later band members included Gram Parsons , Clarence White , and Gene Parsons .
Their members included Jim McGuinn -LRB- who later changed his name to Roger -RRB- , David Crosby , Gene Clark , Chris Hillman and Michael Clarke .
The American Film Institute -LRB- AFI -RRB- is an independent , organization that is designed not to make money created by the National Endowment for the Arts , which was started in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act .
Recently , it built and started the AFI Silver theater in Silver Spring , Maryland near Washington , D.C.
Since 1980 , Jean Picker Firstenberg has been CEO .
George Stevens , Jr. was the first CEO .
That company formed Spin Media LLC as a holding company .
The new owners replaced the editor-in-chief Sia Michel with Andy Pemberton , who was once an editor at Blender .
In February 2006 , Miller Publishing sold the magazine for less than US$ 5 million to a San Francisco-based company called the McEvoy Group LLC .
Bob Guccione , Jr. created the magazine in 1985 and sold it to Miller Publishing in 1997 .
Pemberton left Spin in June 2006 .
The first issue to be published once he took over was the July 2006 issueâ '' sent to the printer in May 2006 â '' which had BeyoncÃ on the cover .
Although this made lots of fights between Anna and James , Henry was kept under the care of Mar 's family until 1603 . This was when James became King of England and his family moved south .
He was born at Stirling Castle and became Duke of Rothesay , Earl of Carrick , Baron of Renfrew , Lord of the Isles and Prince and Great Steward of Scotland when he was born .
Because of this , the English and Scottish thrones ' power went to his younger brother Charles .
However , he died before his father because of typhoid fever .
Sir George Lauder of The Bass was his teacher until he went to England . Sir George was a -LRB- -LRB- Privy Counsellor -- described as the King 's `` familiar councillor '' -- and he was also taught in music by Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger .
Henry Frederick , Prince of Wales -LRB- 19 February 1594 â `` 6 November 1612 -RRB- was the oldest son of King James I & VI and Anne of Denmark .
Prince Henry was widely seen as a bright heir to his father 's throne .
His father made Alexander Erskine , Earl of Mar , take care of him . He did not let his mother take care of him .
His name comes from grandfathers Henry Stuart , Lord Darnley and Frederick II of Denmark .
is the eleventh studio album by American Horrorcore band , Insane Clown Posse .
The album is the first in a set of six new Joker 's Cards since the conclusion of the original Joker 's Cards .
Kingsley Amis was born in Clapham , South London , England .
He wrote the popular James Bond Dossier .
The first time in 1948 to Hilary Bardwell and then to novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard in 1965 . He divorced Howard in 1983 .
It was a tongue-in-cheek how-to manual about being a spy like Bond . He wrote it under the name `` Lt Col. William ` Bill ' Tanner '' .
Sir Kingsley William Amis -LRB- April 16 , 1922 -- October 22 , 1995 -RRB- was an English novelist , poet , critic , and teacher .
He divorced Howard in 1983 .
He was the father of the British novelist Martin Amis .
Amis was married . The first time in 1948 to Hilary Bardwell and then to novelist Elizabeth Jane Howard in 1965 .
At Oxford , he met Philip Larkin and became friends .
Amis served in the Royal Corps of Signals in the Second World War .
He went to school at the City of London School and St. John 's College , Oxford .
He wrote more than twenty novels , three collections of poetry , short stories , radio and television scripts , and books of social and literary criticism .
Swordfish is a particularly popular fish for cooking .
The International Game Fish Association 's all-tackle angling record for a swordfish was a 1,182 lb -LRB- 535.15 kg -RRB- specimen taken off Chile in 1953 .
Since swordfish are large animals , meat is usually sold as steaks , which are often grilled .
Swordfish are elongated , round-bodied , and lose all teeth and scales by adulthood .
The color of the flesh varies by diet , with fish caught on the east coast of North America often being rosier .
However , many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity -LRB- how poisonous it is -RRB- from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish .
Swordfish -LRB- Xiphias gladius -RRB- are large fish characterized by a long , flat bill .
They are a popular sport fish .
Hayato Sasaki -LRB- born 29 November 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Gamba Osaka .
His efforts helped bring about the modern Italian state -LRB- 2 -RRB- in place of the several separate states , many dominated by foreign powers , that existed until the 19th century .
Giuseppe Mazzini -LRB- 1805 â `` 1872 -RRB- , known as the soul of Italy , as an Italian patriot , philosopher , Freemason and politician .
He also helped define the modern European movement for popular democracy in a republican state .
Karl Marx , on an interview by R. Landor in 1871 , said that Mazzini 's ideas represents `` nothing better than the old idea of a middle-class republic . ''
Marx believed , especially after the Revolutions of 1848 , that this middle class point of view had become reactionary and the proletariat had nothing to do with it .
In 2001 , Fujimori 's head of intelligence , Vladimiro Montesinos , was accused of doing illegal things . People thought that Fujimori was also involved .
A person who has a stroke may lose language , but not the sense of rhythm . Neurologist Oliver Sacks says that chimpanzees and other animals do not have a sense of rhythm .
See also phonetic transcription
Standard transcription schemes for linguistic purposes include the International Phonetic Alphabet -LRB- IPA -RRB- , and its ASCII equivalent , SAMPA . See also phonetic transcription
Aqa Ali Shah became Imam of the Ismailis when his father died in 1881 , . He also got his father 's title of Aga Khan .
Aqa Ali Shah was the oldest son of Aga Khan I. He was an Iranian Prince .
The Prophet 's daughter Fatima and son-in-law Ali b. Abi Talib were Aqa Ali Shah 's ancestors .
He was famous for hunting tigers in India .
Benay is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
However , since the publication of Gustaf John Ramstedt 's EinfÃ 1\/4 hrung in 1952 â `` 1957 , most Altaicists have included Korean in Altaic .
Since the publication of Roy Andrew Miller 's Japanese and the Other Altaic Languages in 1971 , most have also included Japanese -LRB- Nicholas Poppe -RRB- or better Japonic , consisting of Japanese and Ryukyuan .
Other common utility pole materials are steel and concrete , with composites -LRB- fibreglass -RRB- becoming used more often .
A utility pole , telegraph pole , telephone pole , power pole , or telegraph post is a post or pole upon which telephone network equipment is situated .
ClÃ udio Taffarel -LRB- born 8 May 1966 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The ceremony has also created spin-off teen awards on YouTube .
The program usually features a high number of celebrities and musical performers .
The program honors the year 's biggest achievements in music , movies , sports , and television , as voted on by teens aged 12-19 .
The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by FOX .
Joan Capdevila -LRB- born 2 March 1978 -RRB- is a Spanish football player . He plays for Villarreal and Spain national team .
The grand council of the canton meets in Weinfelden during the winter .
The name Weinfelden is first documented in 838 .
In 1830 , Thomas Bornhauser spoke to a large crowd in Weinfelden , demanding a liberal constitution for the canton .
It is the capital of the district of the same name .
Already in the year 124 AD , there was a Roman bridge over the Thur at Weinfelden .
Weinfelden was by far the biggest town in the canton of Thurgau .
It is one of the first -LRB- if not the first -RRB- such document .
In 1798 , Paul Reinhart and his committee led the area to freedom from the domination of the Eidgenossen .
Weinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Portraits of both Paul Reinhart and Thomas Bornhauser hang in the Rathaus .
In 1803 , Thurgau became an independent canton , through the mediation of Napoleon , with Frauenfeld as capital .
Since it lies in the middle of the canton , part of the cantonal government is located in the town , as is the Thurgau cantonal bank .
The Order of Australia was created by Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia on 14 February 1975 .
Weiser is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Utopia is an idea in philosophy . The name comes from a book by Sir Thomas More called Utopia .
Maintenay is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Near the end of the sitcom 's run , the couple had a baby , whom they named Mabel .
It starred Paul Reiser and Helen Hunt as a New York couple .
Mad About You is an American situation comedy that began on September 23 , 1992 and ended May 24 , 1999 .
EERI members include researchers , geologists , geotechnical engineers , educators , government officials , and building code regulators .
Earthquake Engineering Research Institute or EERI is a technical society in spreading of earthquake engineering research information both in the U.S. and globally .
Their mission , as stated in their 5 year plan published in 2006 , has the following three points :
A beekeeper is a person who farms bees either for breeding or for the collection of their honey .
Francis Harry Compton Crick OM FRS -LRB- 8 June 1916 -- 28 July 2004 -RRB- was a British physicist and biologist .
Using X-ray crystallography results from Maurice Wilkins ' biophysics team at Kings College London , Crick and James Watson discovered that DNA has what is called a `` double helix structure '' .
The Lesser Sunda Islands are the south eastern islands of Indonesia as well as East Timor .
It was first found on October 25 , 1982 by F. Baud in Paraguay . It was described by Fernandez , F. in 2003 .
More data has been put out by Wild , A. L. in 2007 .
In 2010 He won a Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks making him the first French-born NHL player to win a Stanley Cup although he was replaced from his starting goalie position by Antti Niemi .
Cristobal Huet -LRB- born January 13 , 1973 in Saint-Martin-d ` HÃ res , France -RRB- is a professional French ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Fribourg-Gott Ã ron of the Swiss National League A , on loan from the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL .
He is the first netminder and second player overall from France to play in the NHL .
C.A. Progreso is a football club which plays in Uruguay .
Critics have praised Wood 's acting , such as The Guardian newspaper describing her as being `` wise beyond her years '' and as `` one of the best actresses of her generation '' .
Wood continued acting in mostly independent films , including Pretty Persuasion -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Down in the Valley -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and in the big studio production Across the Universe -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
Evan Rachel Wood -LRB- born September 7 , 1987 -RRB- is an American movie , television , theater actress and singer .
She began acting in the late 1990s , appearing in several television roles , including American Gothic and Once and Again .
Her personal relationship with singer Marilyn Manson received media coverage .
Wood 's first role as a leading movie actress was in 2002 's Little Secrets , and she became well known after changing to a more adult-orientated Golden Globe-nominated role in the critically acclaimed Thirteen -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
In the past , the party has been linked to the Provisional IRA .
Sinn FÃ in is a political party in Ireland .
The leader of Sinn FÃ in is Gerry Adams .
Beginning with the Sinn FÃ in organization set up in 1905 by Arthur Griffith , it took its current form in 1970 after a split within the party .
Sinn FÃ in is the second largest party in the parliament of Northern Ireland -LRB- the Northern Ireland Assembly -RRB- , the fifth largest party in the parliament of the Irish Republic -LRB- DÃ il Ã ireann -RRB- and has 5 elected members of the British House of Commons , however , party policy says that representatives must refuse to take their seats there .
Dawn Fraser , AO , MBE -LRB- born September 4 , 1937 -RRB- is an Australian champion swimmer .
She is one of only two swimmers to win the same Olympic event three different times .
It is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Bayswater tube station is a London Underground station .
People from Maratha and Santalaris were buried in the same grave .
89 -LRB- or 84 -RRB- people were killed in Maratha and Santalaris . Another 37 people were killed in Aloda .
89 -LRB- or 84 -RRB- people were killed in Maratha and Santalaris .
A bulldozer buried people into mass graves .
Maratha , Santalaris and Aloda massacre -LRB- Turkish : MurataÄ a , Sandallar ve AtlÄ lar katliamÄ -RRB- was a massacre of totally 126 Turkish Cypriots in the villages of Maratha -LRB- MurataÄ a -RRB- , Santalaris -LRB- Sandallar -RRB- and Aloda -LRB- AtlÄ lar -RRB- in Cyprus . It happened on 14-16 August 1974 .
Grady County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Chickasha .
As of 2006 , the population was 50,490 .
Suguru Ito -LRB- born 7 September 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Another definition is the `` evolution of characters at various rates both within and between species '' .408 Its place in evolutionary theory comes under long-term trends or macroevolution .
It is not claimed that this pattern is universal , but there are now a wide range of examples from many different taxa .
By its very nature , the evidence for this idea comes mainly from palaeontology .
Mosaic evolution -LRB- or modular evolution -RRB- is the idea that evolutionary change takes place in some body parts or systems without simultaneous changes in other parts .
Aaron Sherritt -LRB- 1855 - 26 June 1880 -RRB- was a close friend of Joe Byrne and later Ned Kelly .
Jo Raquel Tejada -LRB- born September 5 1940 -RRB- , usually called by her artistic name Raquel Welch , is an American actress and model who became famous during the 1960s as one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood .
Alfred Kelbassa -LRB- born 21 April , 1925 -RRB- is a former German football player .
The Convention of 1906 should not be confused with `` Convention -LRB- II -RRB- for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded , Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea '' -LRB- Geneva , 12 August 1949 -RRB- .
The Union Council of Tajwal is subdivided into the following areas : Nowshera , Pirkot , Tajwal and Topla .
Tajwal is a beautiful valley , near by Changla Gali en-route from Murree to Abbottabad .
Tajwal is located in the south of the district and is in the north western part of Havelian Tehsil , it is next to the following union councils , Nathia Gali to the north , Palak to the east , Seer Gharbi and Nara to the south , as well as Dewal Manal and Nara to the west .
Tajwal is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan .
Some types of micropenis can be addressed with growth hormone or testosterone treatment in early childhood .
Human penis size is described by length and circumference of penis .
The size depends on arousal level , time of day , room temperature , frequency of sexual activity , and unreliability of the measurement methods .
Endocrine disruptor resulting from chemical exposure has been linked to genital deformation in both sexes -LRB- among many other problems -RRB- .
Widespread private concerns have led to a number of folklore sayings and popular culture reflections related to penis size .
The perception of having a large penis is linked to higher self-esteem .
Various studies have examined condom breakage , which looked , among other things , at penis size as a factor for breakage or slippage .
Chemicals from both synthetic -LRB- e.g. pesticides , anti-bacterial Triclosan , plasticizers for plastics , etc. -RRB- and natural -LRB- e.g. , chemicals found in tea tree oil and lavender oil -RRB- -RRB- sources in the blood of pregnant women have been linked to various degrees of endocrine disruption .
It has been suggested that penis size differences between individuals may also be caused by environmental factors such as culture , diet , chemical\/pollution exposure , etc. .
Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis compared to that of others because of looking down and the accumulation of fat at the base of the penis .
Males may quite easily underestimate the size of their own penis compared to that of others because of looking down and the accumulation of fat at the base of the penis . Studies found that many men who believed that their penis was of inadequate size had average-sized penises .
Some of the causes are deficiency of pituitary growth hormone and\/or gonadotropins , mild degrees of androgen insensitivity , a variety of genetic syndromes , and variations in certain Homeobox genes .
Flaccid length is not a reliable indication of erect length .
An adult penis with an erect length of less than 7 cm but otherwise formed normally is referred to as having the micropenis condition .
Sex education of penis measurements was helpful and relieving for men who were concerned about small penis size .
The arithmetic mean human penis is approximately 12.9 t in length , the circumference is approximately 12.3 c. There is no scientific relation between either penis size or race , and shoe size or stretched penis size .
Age does not negatively correlate with penis size .
Studies found that many men who believed that their penis was of inadequate size had average-sized penises .
Penis size did not influence slippage , but penis circumference and broken condoms were strongly correlated , with larger sizes increasing the rate of breakage .
In medieval Arabic literature , a longer penis was preferred , but Afro-Arab author Al-Jahiz wrote : `` If the length of the penis were a sign of honor , then the mule would belong to the -LRB- honorable tribe of -RRB- Quraysh '' .
A study concluded that penis width rather than length was a more important factor of sexual stimulation probably because a wider penis provides more friction to the clitoral area while a longer penis reaches a less sensitive area .
Anna Maria Bligh -LRB- born 14 July 1960 -RRB- is the 37th Premier of Queensland .
Such a skeleton is present in echinoderms and chordates .
The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense ; here , a mollusc exoskeleton developed into several sorts of internal structure , the `` cuttlebone '' of cuttlefish being the best-known version .
A true endoskeleton develops from mesodermal tissue .
Hardanges is a commune of 245 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Retford is a town near the A1 road in Nottinghamshire , England .
The international community continued to recognize the Khmer Rouge as the government of Kampuchea for a decade after they were defeated . Therefore the Khmer Rouge held a seat in the UN until 1989 .
They named the country Democratic Kampuchea .
They play in Raleigh , North Carolina , but they moved in 1997 from Hartford , Connecticut , where they were known as the Hartford Whalers .
They won the Stanley Cup during 2005-2006 season by beating the Edmonton Oilers .
Minco is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Nereid or Neptune II , is a moon of Neptune .
The unusual orbit suggests that it may be a captured asteroid or Kuiper belt object , or possibly that it was perturbed during the capture of Neptune 's largest moon Triton .
It is named after the Nereids , sea-nymphs of Greek mythology .
Nereid was found on 1 May 1949 by Gerard P. Kuiper , who suggested the name in the report of his discovery .
One is the People 's Republic of China -LRB- China -RRB- , the other is the Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- .
There are two countries in the world that are called China . One is the People 's Republic of China -LRB- China -RRB- , the other is the Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- .
One is the People 's Republic of China -LRB- China -RRB- , the other is the Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- . The PRC claimed control over the island of Taiwan -LRB- which is also known as Taiwan province -RRB- .
Apologists base their arguments on historical evidence and philosophy , amongst others .
Christian apologetics is a field of Christian theology that tries to find a rational basis for the Christian faith .
Shinya Mitsuoka -LRB- born 22 April 1976 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Taoism can be called a religion or a philosophy , based on how a person interprets Taoism . This article is about what people call `` philosophical Taoism . ''
Taoism can be called a religion or a philosophy , based on how a person interprets Taoism .
All at Once is known to be the 5th single off the album How to Save a Life by the rock band The Fray .
The video was premiered on VH1 's VSpot Top 20 Countdown . The video reached at # 6 on VH1 and # 20 on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks .
Rockport is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Cadarsac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Luterbach is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
background-color : # CCFFCC ; border : 1px solid # 009900 ; margin : 0.5 em ; padding : 0.5 em ;
Other major streets are named -LRB- in French -RRB- for notable Mauritanian people , or international people of the 1960s : Avenue de Gaulle , Avenue Kennedy , and Avenue Lumumba , for example .
In 1957 , this small port town was chosen to be the capital of the new country . A building program was begun to grow its population to 15,000 .
The city also features an international airport .
It is possible that the Berber Muslim Almoravids came from the area .
Nouakchott has very little history . It was a tiny fishing town until 1958 .
Nouakchott has a deep-sea port . It was opened in 1986 .
Mauritania was part of the larger French colony of French West Africa . During that time , Saint-Louis , in Senegal was the capital .
Things to see in Nouakchott include Nouakchott Museum , several markets including Nouakchott Silver Market , and the beaches .
Although Islam is the state religion in Mauritania , Nouakchott includes the Cathedral of St. Joseph , a Catholic cathedral .
Nouakchott is built around a large tree-lined street , Avenue Abd an-Nasir . This street runs northeast through the city center from the airport .
The city has much growth . Because of the north African drought since the beginning of the 1970s many people have moved to the city .
Then , from 15 May 1988 , the Soviet troops started to leave Afghanistan . This continued until 2 February 1989 .
On 15 February 1989 , the Soviet Union announced that all its troops had left Afghanistan .
The Soviets also suspected that Amin was behind the death of president Nur Muhammad Taraki .
The 1987 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 1987 and ended November 31 1978 . However , storm can form outside these dates for example , Tropical Depression One form on May 25 .
Robert James `` Rab '' Douglas is a footballer currently playing at Dundee F.C. ;
It is the county seat of Haskell County .
Stigler is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Tilly-sur-Seulles is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Iacobeni is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
In this episode , Lisa deals with depression and she try 's to sublimate it by playing her saxophone .
The episode was written by Al Jean and Mike Reiss , and was directed by Wes Archer .
`` Moaning Lisa '' is the sixth episode of The Simpsons ' first season , and first started February 11 , 1990 .
Ron Taylor guest stars in the episode as `` Bleeding Gums Murphy '' .
Republika Srpska -LRB- RS -RRB- -LRB- Serbian\/Bosnian\/Croatian : Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð -LRB- Ð Ð -RRB- \/ Republika Srpska -RRB- is one of the two political parts that make Bosnia and Herzegovina . The other part is the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
FranÃ ois Jean Dominique Arago -LRB- Catalan : Francesc Joan Dominic AragÃ ; February 26 , 1786 -- October 2 , 1853 -RRB- was a French mathematician , physicist , astronomer and politician .
Enzo Anselmo `` the Commendatore '' Ferrari -LRB- February 20 , 1898 â `` August 14 , 1988 -RRB- Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI was an Italian race car driver and entrepreneur , the founder of the Scuderia Ferrari Grand Prix motor racing team , and subsequently of the Ferrari car manufacturer .
The word ` ferry ' can also mean ` to take someone or something by ferry ' .
Loubaresse is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Shadow of the Giant -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is the fourth book in Orson Scott Card 's Ender 's Shadow series -LRB- sometimes called the Bean Quartet -RRB- .
Guny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Potassium arsenite is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is KAsO2 .
The eyes of dragonflies are larger , and touch each other .
Dragonflies are usually found around lakes , ponds , streams and wetlands . Their larvae , known as ` nymphs ' , are aquatic .
They have large multifaceted eyes , two pairs of strong transparent wings , and an elongated body .
When at rest , most damselflies hold their wings together above the body , whereas most dragonflies at rest hold their wings horizontally or occasionally slightly down and forward .
Dragonflies are predators which eat mosquitoes , and other small insects such as flies , bees , ants , and butterflies .
When at rest , most damselflies hold their wings together above the body , whereas most dragonflies at rest hold their wings horizontally or occasionally slightly down and forward . The eyes of dragonflies are larger , and touch each other .
Even though dragonflies possess six legs -LRB- like any other insect -RRB- , they are not capable of walking .
Stephen Makinwa -LRB- born 26 July 1983 -RRB- is a Nigerian football player .
Only up to five non-Israeli nationals can be in an Israeli club squad .
Hapoel Tel Aviv Football Club -LRB- Hebrew : cents `` `` ' '' cents ` ` -RRB- is an Israeli Football Club that based in Tel Aviv and created in 1926 . Their city rival is Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. .
Shield volcanoes are known to form on other planets .
The largest known mountain in the solar system , Olympus Mons on Mars , is a shield volcano thought to be extinct .
Shield volcanoes usually occur along constructive boundaries or above hotspots . However , the numerous large shield volcanoes of the Cascade Range of northern California and Oregon are over a more complex environment .
The storm quickly weakened while moving inland , and later became an extratropical remnant on June 13 .
The storm formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved north .
It came close to western Cuba on June 10 before entering the Gulf of Mexico . Arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western Florida .
The malleus -LRB- hammer -RRB- , incus -LRB- anvil -RRB- and stapes -LRB- stirrup -RRB- .
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense for hearing .
Sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanum , or eardrum .
The outer ear is the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal . They are called the pinna .
They are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea .
Brimeux is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It has the symbol Db . It has the atomic number 105 .
Agastache , is a genus of 9 â `` 12 species of perennial herbs in the family Lamiaceae , native to eastern Asia -LRB- one species -RRB- and North America -LRB- the rest -RRB- .
Carlos Bianchi -LRB- born 26 April 1949 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player . He has played for Argentina national team .
Brasschaat is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Short I -LRB- Ð , Ð -RRB- is a letter in the Cyrillic alphabet .
It is used in the Russian alphabet , where it is called Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð -LRB- I kratkoye or `` short I '' -RRB- , in the Ukrainian alphabet , where it is called Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ , -LRB- Yot -RRB- or Ð Ð -LRB- Yi , sounded like -LRB- j -RRB- -RRB- , in the Bulgarian alphabet , where it is called Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 -LRB- I kratko or `` short I '' -RRB- , and in the Belarusian alphabet .
It is an Ð with a breve on top .
He was the first Norwegian player to play in a NHL game .
BjÃ rn Skaare -LRB- October 29 , 1958 â `` June 21 , 1989 -RRB- was a professional ice hockey player who played one game for the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL .
Fargues-Saint-Hilaire is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
The Dimension of a given vector space is the number of elements of the basis .
B is a basis of .
The town consists out of the 2 former independent villages Ober-Roden and Urberach . On 1 January 1977 they were united and became the municipality of RÃ dermark .
On 23 August 1980 the town privileges were given to the municipality .
RÃ dermark is a city in the Offenbach Rural District in the state of Hesse , Germany .
1978 -LRB- MCMLXXVIII -RRB- was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar .
This is the Title History of the World Heavyweight Championship .
Daniel Constantine Marino , Jr. -LRB- born September 15 , 1961 -RRB- is a Hall of Fame quarterback who played for the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League .
Many think of him as one of the greatest quarterbacks ever .
Scottsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The wife of an emperor is called an empress . A woman who comes to power in an empire is also called an empress .
The telephone companies before BellSouth were South Central Bell and Southern Bell in these nine states .
BellSouth operates in nine states : Alabama , Kentucky , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina , Florida , Tennessee , Georgia and Louisiana .
The telephone companies before BellSouth were South Central Bell and Southern Bell in these nine states . BellSouth is currently under the ownership of AT&T .
The European Union Youth Orchestra -LRB- EUYO -RRB- is an orchestra for young people from countries in the European Union .
The orchestra is given money by the European Union and by a number of EU member states .
The era lasted from from April 1288 through August 1293 .
The reigning emperor was Fushimi-tenn Å .
ShÅ Å , also spelled as ShÅ - Å , was a Japanese era name after KÅ an and before Einin .
Marley has won three Grammy awards and is the son of Bob Marley .
Gong '' Marley -LRB- born July 21 , 1978 in Kingston , Jamaica -RRB- is a Jamaican singer .
Besian Idrizaj -LRB- born 12 October 1987 , died 15 May 2010 -RRB- was an Austrian football player . He played for Swansea City .
Andoni Zubizarreta -LRB- born 23 October 1961 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
2026 -LRB- MMXXVI -RRB- will be a common year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar .
The reverse template is StateAbbr .
It is called with the two-digit code as the parameter .
â `` Converts the two-digit FIPS State Code parameter given into the 2-letter State Abbr . , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the two-letter upper case code of the region for the 2-digit FIPS state code or the EAS Code for the Emergency Alert System .
The reverse template is StateName .
It is called with the two-letter abbreviation as the parameter .
This is one of a group of templates used to translate the state name , the abbreviation or the FIPS code from one to the other .
Note : This Documentation Template is used to document the use of other templates .
â `` Converts the two-digit FIPS State Code parameter given into the full name of the state , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the full name of the region for the 2-digit FIPS state code or the EAS Code for the Emergency Alert System .
It is called with the state name as the parameter .
This template produces the two-digit FIPS state code when supplied the two-letter upper case abbreviation for the state .
The reverse template is FIPSCode .
These templates are used as follows :
The reverse template is FIPSStateAbbr .
â `` Converts the 2-letter State Abbr .
when given the full name of the US State .
Note : If you edit any of these templates -LRB- because of name changes or new states -RRB- you need to change all of them .
to the 2-digit FIPS state code , e.g. ' returns ' .
â `` Convert to full state name from two-letter code , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the full name of the US State when given the 2-letter State Abbr . .
â `` Convert to two-letter code from full state name , e.g. ' returns ' This template produces the 2-letter State Abbr .
Sometimes concerts are free .
He attended the British School at Rome from 1965-1966 , and received his PhD in 1968 from the University of Nottingham .
Malcolm Charles Barber -LRB- b. March 4 , 1943 -RRB- is a scholar of medieval history , described as the world 's leading expert on the Knights Templar .
He is considered to have written the two most comprehensive books on the subject , The Trial of the Templars -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The New Knighthood : A History of the Order of the Temple -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
Barber was a Professor of Medieval European History in the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at the University of Reading in the UK , until his retirement in September 2004 .
He has been an editor for The Journal of Medieval History and written many articles on the Templars , the Cathars , various elements of the Crusades , and the reign of Philip IV of France .
Born in 1943 , Barber attended Walpole Grammar School in Ealing from 1954-1961 , followed by the University of Nottingham from 1961-1966 , where he received his Bachelors Degree in 1964 .
Jermain Defoe -LRB- born 7 October 1982 -RRB- is an English football player . He plays for Tottenham Hotspur and England national team .
Swalwell is at .
The solar power plant cost Â # 35 million and covers 77 hectares of land .
Just under 1,500 `` SOLON-Movers '' modules convert sunlight into environmentally friendly power , generating as much as the average consumption of the nearby town of Arnstein .
On the former wine-producing Erlasee estate near Arnstein in Bavaria , in southern Germany , SOLON has constructed what is currently the largest tracking photovoltaic solar power station in the world with an output of 12 MW .
The Erlasee Solar Park is located in one of the sunniest regions of Germany .
It took over the functions of the London School Board in 1903 , and Dr C W Kimmins was appointed chief inspector of the education department in 1904 .
London County Council -LRB- LCC -RRB- was the principal local government body for the County of London , during its whole existence -LRB- 1889-1965 -RRB- , and the first London-wide general municipal authority that was directly elected .
While the Conservative government of the day would have preferred not to create a single body covering the whole of London , their election promise to the Liberal Unionists led them to this policy .
The LCC inherited the powers of its predecessor the MBW , but also had wider authority over matters such as education , city planning and council housing .
It covered the area today known as Inner London and was replaced by the Greater London Council .
A later Government created the 28 metropolitan boroughs as lower tier authorities to replace the various local authorities in 1899 ; they assumed some powers of the LCC and shared others .
The creation of the LCC in 1889 , as part of the Local Government Act 1888 , was forced by a succession of scandals involving the Metropolitan Board of Works -LRB- MBW -RRB- , its predecessor , which had not been directly elected .
The LCC was the largest , most significant and ambitious municipal authority of its day .
The National Geographic Channel , also commercially abbreviated as Nat Geo , is an Asian subscription television channel that features non-fiction , factual programming involving nature , science , culture , and history , produced by the National Geographic Society , just like History and the Discovery Channel .
As of 2008 , the Asian version of National Geographic Channel is available in over 56 million homes .
NGC Asia has eight different channels feeds .
It was launched in 1 January 1994 in partnership and distribution with Star TV , a Hong Kong-based pan-Asian satellite network owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , replacing the NBC Asia channel .
Elaine is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Due to the odd number of cylinders in each bank , V6 designs are unbalanced , what ever V-angle they use .
Some 90 Â V6 engines are built . They are usually based on V8 engines .
The first Buick V6 was a 90 Â , based on their 90 Â V8 .
The V6 has an end-to-end rocking motion . Counterweights on the crankshaft and a counter rotating balancer shaft compensate for some of the rocking motion .
In 1959 , General Motors built a heavy-duty 305 inÂ -LRB- 5 L -RRB- 60 Â V6 for use in their pickup trucks and Chevrolet Suburban . The engine was later enlarged to 478 inÂ -LRB- 7.8 L -RRB- for heavy truck and bus use .
This allows pairs of pistons to share crank pins -LRB- a connection on the crankshaft -RRB- .
Race cars are designed around the engine , and vibration is not as important .
It takes little work to change an V8 into a V6 engine . The problem is these engines are wider and have more vibration than a 60 Â V6 .
The first series production V6 was introduced by Lancia in 1950 .
The flat-6 boxer engine -LRB- 180 Â -RRB- is only slightly wider than the 120 Â V6 , and it is a fully-balanced .
60 degree V6 engines do not need balance shafts .
It is more complicated and not as smooth as the inline-6 . The V6 is more compact , more rigid , and less prone to vibrations .
A V6 engine often just called a V6 is an internal combustion engine with six cylinders . The engine has three cylinders on each side called banks .
The most efficient cylinder bank angle for a V6 is 60 degrees .
This still has some balance and secondary vibration problems .
Some of the first V6-cars were built in 1905 by the Marmon Motor Car Company .
Alfredo Ferrari , the son of Enzo Ferrari , was nicknamed Dino . He suggested building a 1.5 Litre V6 engine for Formula Two racing .
It is the second most common engine design in modern cars after the inline four .
A ` split ' crank pin is weaker than a straight one . Modern metallurgical techniques can produce a crankshaft that is strong enough to not break .
The Lancia V6 in 1950 used a 60 Â angle between the cylinder banks and a six-throw crankshaft . to achieve equally spaced firing intervals of 120 Â .
The Dino V6 was used in the Ferrari 246 Formula One car in 1958 .
In 1962 , the Buick Special offered a 90 Â V6 with uneven firing intervals .
Laverda showed a 996 cc V6 engined motorcycle at the 1977 Milan show .
More modern 90 Â V6 engine designs avoid vibration problems by changing the crankshafts design and firing timing . Balancing shafts are often used to remove the remaining vibration .
Then Ferrari built the Dino V6 .
Many V6 engines are narrower than the V8 engine . They work well with are and is well suited to the popular transverse engine front-wheel drive cars .
Other builders soon started using V6 engines .
The motorcycle was raced in the 1978 Bol d'Or 24 hour race .
It has largely replaced the inline-6 , which is too long to fit in many modern cars .
Each bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons .
This produced a rough-running design . This was unacceptable to many customers .
60 Â V6 engines are not as well balanced .
120 Â could be thought of as the natural angle for a V6 . Each cylinder fires a power stroke every 120 Â of crankshaft rotation .
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background .
The average thickness of the ice is 400 m , with a maximum thickness of 1,000 m. Iceland 's highest peak , HvannadalshnÃ kur -LRB- 2,110 m -RRB- , is located in the southern periphery of VatnajÃ kull , near Skaftafell National Park .
This may be based on a claimed sighting by a British sailor in 1939 .
GWR state that `` owing to the light bending effects of atmospheric refraction , VatnajÃ kull -LRB- 2119m -RRB- , Iceland , can sometimes be seen from the Faroe Islands , 340 miles -LRB- 550 km -RRB- away '' .
VatnajÃ kull -LRB- English : Glacier of Rivers -RRB- is the largest glacier in Iceland .
According to Guinness World Records VatnajÃ kull is the object of the world 's longest sight line , 550 km from SlÃ ttaratindur , the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands .
It lies in the south-east of the island , covering more than 8 % of the country .
The validity of this record is analysed\/undermined in mathematical and atmospheric detail by J.C. de Ferranti
Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician .
He has studied at Berklee College of Music , Boston , and California Institute of the Arts .
According to the website , the Library covers material that can not be found anywhere else in the world , such as information about projects where the United States and Israel worked together , and how Americans were treated during the Holocaust .
It explains that it got permission to use materials from the Library of Congress , from the American Jewish Historical Society , the Anti-Defamation League , the Simon Wiesenthal Center , the Israeli Foreign Ministry , and Prime Ministerâ s Office , Rabbi Joseph Telushkin -LRB- author of Jewish Literacy -RRB- , and dozens of other sources .
It has more than 13,000 articles and 6,000 photographs and maps about Jewish history , Israel , U.S.-Israel relations , the Holocaust , anti-Semitism , and Judaism .
The site is extremely well put together .
One has options to click on , such as history , women , biography , politics , Israel , maps , and Judaic Treasures at the Library of Congress , with each launching a person into a different realm .
The Jewish Virtual Library also has the Israel advocacy text `` Myths and Facts '' , edited by Mitchell Bard , in several languages .
JVL got awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection , USA Today Hot Site , and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel , the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others .
Karen Evans of Indiana State University wrote that the site covers many different topics , with `` easily accessible , balanced information '' .
The website was first made in the late 1990s . It was first called The Jewish Student Online Research Center -LRB- JSOURCE -RRB- .
The website has all of the words of the Tanakh .
The Jewish Virtual Library has been used as a source by CNN , New York Times , BBC , CBS News , Fox News , The Los Angeles Times , USA Today , Business Week , and Bloomberg , among others .
John Jaeger , in an article published by the Association of College and Research Libraries , said of the Jewish Virtual Library : `` This library , once it is entered , is more like a living encyclopedia than it is anything else .
Established in 1993 , it is a comprehensive website covering Israel , the Jewish people , and Jewish culture .
Jewish Virtual Library -LRB- JVL -RRB- is an online encyclopedia published by the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise -LRB- the AICE -RRB- .
The above template adds templates to : Category : Intricate templates .
Actually , this template 's syntax is relatively simple , but templates that link to the above message should be intricate , i.e. , complex , using less obvious techniques , esoteric syntax , combining different techniques , used as parameter for other templates , build to function for a variety of calling instances , etc. .
Little Nicky is a 2000 dark comedy movie that was produced by Jack Giarraputo and Robert Simonds and was directed by Steven Brill .
Belarusian -LRB- belarusion : Ð ` Ð Ð '' Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð , transliteration : BieÅ aruskaja mova -RRB- is a eastern slavic language .
When writing Belarusian , people can use Cyrillic or Latin alphabet .
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group treats Fabaceae in the broad sense .
Some classification systems , for example the Cronquist system , treat Fabaceae in a narrow sense , raising Mimosoideae to the rank of family as Mimosaceae .
Both intelligent patrons of literature and art , Anna Amalia and Charles Augustus attracted to their court the leading scholars in Germany , including Goethe , Schiller and Herder , and made Weimar an important cultural center .
Ernest Augustus II , who succeeded in 1748 , died in 1758 , and his young widow , Anna Amalia , became regent for her infant son , Charles Augustus .
The regency of Anna Amalia and the reign of Charles Augustus were important in the history of Saxe-Weimar .
The chief town and capital was Weimar .
In 1809 Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach , which had been separate duchies with the same duke became one country as the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach .
Culoz is a commune . It is found in the region RhÃ ne-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France .
Leh -LRB- Urdu : Ù Ø Ú 3\/4 -RRB- was the capital of the Himalayan kingdom of Ladakh , now the Leh District in the state of Indian Kashmir , Asia .
This category is for fictional characters from television series .
Dante Gabriel Rossetti -LRB- 12 May 1828 â `` 9 April 1882 -RRB- was an English poet , illustrator , painter and translator .
Jenks is a city in Tulsa County , Oklahoma , United States , and a suburb of Tulsa , in the northeastern part of the state .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 9,557 , but it was estimated at 14,123 in 2006 .
Mahmud Shah Durrani was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803 , again between 1809 and 1818 .
On July 25 , 1801 , Zaman Shah was deposed , and Mahmud Shah ascended to rulership .
He then had a chequered career ; he was deposed in 1803 , restored in 1809 , and finally deposed again in 1818 .
He died in 1829 .
He was the son of Timur Shah Durrani and half-brother of his predecessor , Zaman Shah .
Between his two stnts , the country was ruled by Shoja Shah , another of his half-brothers .
General Lagos is a city in the region of Arica and Parinacota , in the north of Chile .
Aalborg is located in Northern Jutland by the Limfjord .
It tells the story of dragon-slayer Siegfried at the court of the Burgundians , and of the revenge of his wife Kriemhild , which leads to the death all the heroes of the Bugundians and of Kriemhild as well .
The Nibelungenlied , translated as The Song of the Nibelungs , is an epic poem in Middle High German .
SimCity 2000 is a city building computer game released in 1994 .
Black dwarfs are not confirmed to exist because it takes longer than the current age of the universe for a white dwarf to become one .
A black dwarf is created when a white dwarf becomes too cool . Then it can no longer create large amounts of heat and light .
In the county the population was spread out with 23.50 % under the age of 18 , 10.80 % from 18 to 24 , 31.80 % from 25 to 44 , 22.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 11.20 % who were 65 years of age or older .
As of 2000 , the population was 13,327 .
The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07 .
It was named for Alexander Hamilton , first United States Secretary of the Treasury .
6.36 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
The U.S. Census Bureau 2005 estimate for the county is 13,983 .
The racial makeup of the county was 58.79 % White , 37.72 % Black or African American , 0.42 % Native American , 0.20 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 1.69 % from other races , and 1.17 % from two or more races .
Hamilton County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida .
24.10 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 9.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
For every 100 females there were 135.00 males .
Hamilton County was created in 1827 from portions of Jefferson County .
The per capita income for the county was $ 10,562 .
The population density was 26 people per square mile -LRB- 10\/km Â -RRB- .
Males had a median income of $ 26,999 versus $ 20,552 for females .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,327 people , 4,161 households , and 2,995 families living in the county .
The median age was 35 years .
About 21.70 % of families and 26.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 35.70 % of those under age 18 and 16.10 % of those age 65 or over .
There were 4,161 households out of which 32.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.30 % were married couples living together , 16.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.00 % were not related .
The Suwannee River forms the borders it shares with all of the neighboring Florida counties - Suwannee County , Columbia County , and Madison County .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 145.40 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 25,638 , and the median income for a family was $ 30,677 .
According to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 519.31 s , of which 514.86 s -LRB- or 99.14 % -RRB- is land and 4.45 s -LRB- or 0.86 % -RRB- is water .
Its county seat is Jasper , Florida .
There were 4,966 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile -LRB- 4\/km Â -RRB- .
It contains approximately 2700 a of redwood and grassland .
Samuel P. Taylor State Park is a state park located in Marin County , California .
The park contains about 600 a of old-growth forest , some of which can be seen along the Pioneer Tree Trail .
Ravenna is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy .
Resin or Rosin -LRB- Oxford dictionary -RRB- is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants , particularly coniferous trees , valued for its chemical constituents and uses such as varnishes , adhesives , as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis , or for incense and perfume .
This was the first video Bad Religion ever released .
Generator is the sixth album released by the American punk rock band Bad Religion .
Although the album was recorded and finished in May 1991 , it was not officially released until March 1992 .
A video was made for `` Atomic Garden '' .
100,000 copies of the album were shipped .
It is available for watching here .
It was named after a character in William Shakespeare 's play Timon of Athens .
This and the dark surface made it too dim to be detected by the Voyager 2 cameras during its Uranus flyby in 1986 .
Following its discovery , Cupid was given the designation S\/2003 U 2 .
It was found by Mark Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope .
The orbit of Cupid is only 863 km from the orbit of the bigger moon Belinda .
Amazingly , compared to Mab and Perdita , the recently found Uranian moons , it does not seem to be perturbed .
It is the smallest of the closer Uranian moons , estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter .
Claude of France -LRB- October 14 , 1499 â `` July 20 , 1524 -RRB- was the daughter of Louis XII of France and Anne of Brittany .
The museum is a 560,000 square foot -LRB- 52,000 mÂ -RRB- , Beaux-Arts building . Approximately 500,000 people visit the museum each year .
The museum is at 200 Eastern Parkway , in the New York City borough of Brooklyn .
In 2000 , the Brooklyn Museum started the Student Museum Apprentice Program . The museum hires teens ages 13 â `` 17 , to give tours in the museum during the summer , help with the museum 's weekend family programs during the year , and help plan teen events .
The Brooklyn Museum is the second-largest art museum in New York City .
Of 30 works of art , Russman believes 10 are faked .
It has been in the museum 's Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art since 2007 .
Arnold L. Lehman is the museum 's Director .
On March 12 , 2004 , the museum announced that it would revert to its old name , the Brooklyn Museum .
The Brooklyn Museum changed its name to Brooklyn Museum of Art in 1997 .
In 2005 , the museum was one of 406 New York City arts and social service institutions to get part of $ 20 million from the Carnegie Corporation , made possible by a donation by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg .
In 2002 , the museum bought the work The Dinner Party by artist Judy Chicago .
In 2008 , Edna Russman said that a third of the Coptic art in the museum 's collection , the second-largest in North America , is fake .
Thomas S. Buechner was made the museum 's director in 1960 . He was one of the youngest directors in the country . .
The museum is known for its large collections of Egyptian and African art , and 17th , 18th , and 19th century paintings .
Buechner made a large change in the way the museum displayed the art art . Also one thousand pieces of art that had been in the museum 's archives were put back on display .
The first Saturday of the month in the summer , the Brooklyn Museum stays open late with free family events , which include arts and crafts , live music and a dance party .
Artists like Patrick Kelly , Chuck Close , Denis Peterson , Ron Mueck , Takashi Murakami , Mat Benote , Kiki Smith , Jim Dine , Robert Rauschenberg , Sylvia Sleigh , William Wegman and Banksy have also been found in the museum . .
Daniel Chester French , the man who made the Lincoln Memorial , made two allegorical figures , Brooklyn and Manhattan -LRB- carved in 1916 , and moved to the museum in 1963 -RRB- , and of the figures on the building .
The fake artworks have been displayed since 2009 .
The Brooklyn Museum was started by Augustus Graham in 1897 . The building has a steel frame It was designed by McKim , Mead , and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company .
Delft is a city in the province South Holland in the Netherlands .
It is famous for its Delft Blue pottery and the Delft University of Technology .
It is about halfway between Rotterdam and The Hague .
CoppÃ lia is a sentimental comic ballet with music by LÃ o Delibes . The choreography was by Arthur Saint-L Ã on to a ballet libretto by Saint-L Ã on and Charles Nuitter .
The ballet was first performed in 25 May 1870 at the ThÃ Ã cents tre ImpÃ rial de lÂ OpÃ ra in Paris .
Hampton is a city of Virginia in the United States .
Louvagny is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
La Neuville-en-Beine is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Caille is a commune .
The nuclear emergencies at Japan 's Fukushima I Nuclear Power Station and other nuclear facilities raised questions about the future of nuclear power .
Platts has said that `` the crisis at Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plants has prompted leading energy-consuming countries to review the safety of their existing reactors and cast doubt on the speed and scale of planned expansions around the world '' .
Supporters , such as the World Nuclear Association and IAEA , think that nuclear power is a sustainable energy source that reduces carbon emissions .
There is a debate about the use of nuclear power .
Anti-nuclear opponents , such as Greenpeace International and NIRS , believe that nuclear power poses threats to people and the environment .
Nuclear-powered submarine mishaps include the Soviet submarine K-19 reactor accident -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , the Soviet submarine K-27 reactor accident -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , and the Soviet submarine K-431 reactor accident -LRB- 1985 -RRB- .
In 2007 , 14 % of the world 's electricity came from nuclear power .
Roberto Mussi -LRB- born 25 August , 1963 -RRB- is a former Italian football player .
Both are precursors to polyurethanes .
Today , most phosgene is used to produce isocyanates . The most important isocanates in this context are toluene diisocyanate -LRB- TDI -RRB- and methylene diphenyl diisocyanate -LRB- MDI -RRB- .
Polycarbonate is produced from its reaction with bisphenol A. Polycarbonates are an important class of engineering thermoplastic . They can be found in lenses in eye glasses .
Saint-Cierge-sous-le-Cheylard is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The Great Horned Owl -LRB- Bubo virginianus -RRB- is the largest owl in North America . It is sometimes called the cat owl .
Plymouth Colony -LRB- sometimes New Plymouth or The Old Colony -RRB- was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 until 1691 .
The settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of Plymouth , Massachusetts .
At its height , Plymouth Colony occupied most of the southeastern portion of the modern state of Massachusetts .
The first settlement was at New Plymouth .
Unlike the original Kindle , Kindle 2 does not have a slot for memory cards . To promote the new Kindle , author Stephen King has made his new book named `` UR '' only available through Kindle .
According to an early review by website iFixIt , the new Kindle 2 features a 532 MHz 90 nm processor , 2GB main memory , and 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery .
The internal memory of the Amazon Kindle can hold approximately 200 books without pictures , and the memory is expandable with a memory card .
Amazon 's first offering of Kindle sold out in five and a half hours and the device remained out of stock until late April 2008 .
Amazon estimates that the Kindle 2 will hold about 1500 books .
Two hardware devices , known as `` Kindle '' and `` Kindle 2 , '' support this platform .
Upon the initial launch of the Kindle , Amazon 's Kindle Store had more than 88,000 digital books available for download , with the number of books increasing .
Amazon does not sell the Kindle outside the United States as Whispernet only works in the U.S. Plans for a launch in the UK and other European countries are being delayed by problems with signing up suitable Wi-Fi operators .
Unlike the original Kindle , Kindle 2 does not have a slot for memory cards .
To promote the new Kindle , author Stephen King has made his new book named `` UR '' only available through Kindle .
On February 9 , 2009 , Amazon announced the Kindle 2 , which became available for purchase on February 23 , 2009 for the price of $ 359 , and lowered on July 8 , 2009 for $ 299 .
Amazon Kindle is a software and hardware platform for reading electronic books -LRB- e-books -RRB- , developed by Amazon.com subsidiary Lab126 , first launched in the United States on November 19 , 2007 .
The Kindle 2 has 2 GB of internal memory .
Andalusian nationalism called Andalucismo in Spanish , is the name given to the political separatist movement in the Iberian Peninsula .
The main political party is the Andalusian Nationalists Party but there are also smaller political groups supporting Andalusian nationalism , including NaciÃ n Andaluza and Asamblea Nacional de AndalucÃ a.
The most potent toxin present in these mushrooms is amanitin , of which at least eight versions are known .
The genus Amanita contains about 600 species of basidiomycete mushrooms , including some of the most toxic known . It is found worldwide .
This genus is responsible for approximately 95 % of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning , with the death cap accounting for about 50 % on its own .
Ellensburg is a city in the state of Washington .
Theravada is a sect -LRB- denomination -RRB- of Buddhism .
The group includes true mice and rats , gerbils , and relatives .
The family name Muridae is sometimes used in a broader sense to include all members of the superfamily Muroidea .
FriaÃ a -LRB- October 20 , 1924 â `` January 12 , 2009 -RRB- was a former Brazilian football player .
Horn is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Malcolm goes to England , and Donalbain to Ireland .
They kill Banquo , but Fleance escapes .
Lady Macbeth explains it to the nobles as an illness , and asks them to leave as Macbeth becomes more and more upset .
Banquo says yes to both .
They do not answer him , but greet him as the Thane of Glamis , the Thane of Cawdor and the future King . Macbeth is surprised , because he knows that he is not the Thane of Cawdor , and does not think he will ever become the King .
But Macbeth is afraid , so Lady Macbeth does it instead .
Act II starts with Banquo and his son Fleance walking in a courtyard in Macbeth 's castle . They meet Macbeth , who lies to Banquo and says that he has not thought about the witches ' prophecy .
Macbeth tells them that Banquo is the reason they are unhappy and have bad lives , and convinces them to kill Banquo and Fleance .
Macbeth realizes that he will have to get past both Duncan and Malcolm to become king . Duncan says he is going to Macbeth 's castle for the night .
Banquo asks the witches what his future will be like .
Shakespeare based some characters in the play -LRB- Macbeth , Macduff , and Duncan -RRB- roughly on records of real people in Holinshed 's Chronicles , a history book from 1587 .
Macbeth , Lady Macbeth , and the lords enter . Macbeth asks Banquo if he is going riding that afternoon , and if Fleance is going with him .
Macbeth is a play by William Shakespeare .
Shakespeare wrote three types of plays ; histories , comedies and tragedies , and Macbeth is the shortest tragedy written by Shakespeare . It was written between 1603 and 1607 , during the reign of King James I of England .
The play ends when Macduff finishes Macbeth .
Lynne Ann Vincent Cheney -LRB- born August 14 , 1941 -RRB- is the former Second Lady of the United States , the wife of former United States Vice President Dick Cheney .
She is a novelist , conservative scholar , and former talk-show host .
The Common Krait -LRB- Bungarus caeruleus -RRB- is a type of krait that is found in the jungles of the Indian sub-continent .
This snake is a highly venomous snake and is one of the `` big four '' snakes in India .
Solti often conducted the Los Angeles Philharmonic , and it was arranged that he would be their main conductor -LRB- music director -RRB- from 1962 .
His second marriage was to Valerie Pitts , a British television presenter whom he met when she was sent to interview him .
Solti also had other jobs . He was music director of the Orchestre de Paris from 1972 until 1975 .
His first marriage ended in divorce .
In 1951 he performed at the Salzburg Festival conducting Mozart 's Idomeneo .
From 1979 until 1983 he was principal conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra .
Solti never retired . He had many plans for concerts and recordings when he suddenly died of a heart attack on 5 September 1997 in Antibes , France He was given a state funeral , and was buried next to BartÃ k who had been his teacher and had helped him a lot .
A square near the Symphony Center in Chicago was called `` Sir Georg Solti Place '' in his memory .
He gave 999 performances with the CSO .
He was given an honorary Order of the British Empire -LRB- KBE -RRB- in 1971 . The next year he became a British citizen , and was then known as Sir Georg Solti .
In 1961 Solti became music director at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , and stayed there until 1971 .
However , Solti changed his mind because they appointed Zubin Mehta as assistant conductor without telling Solti . Mehta became musical director instead .
He learned the piano but , when he was 14 , he heard Erich Kleiber conduct Beethoven 's Symphony No. 5 and he immediately wanted to be a conductor .
For the 50th anniversary of the United Nations , Solti formed the World Orchestra for Peace , which consisted of musicians from 47 orchestras around the world .
His father changed his name from GyÃ rgy to Georg and changed his family name to Solti .
He studied at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music , under BÃ la BartÃ k , ZoltÃ n KodÃ ly , Leo Weiner and Ernst von Dohnanyi .
Solti was born GyÃ rgy Stern in Budapest to a Jewish family .
By 1935 he was becoming known as a conductor . He conducted The Marriage of Figaro at the Budapest Opera in 1938 .
After World War II Solti became music director of the Bavarian State Orchestra in Munich -LRB- where he gave the first performance in Germany of Paul Hindemith 's opera Mathis der Maler , which had been banned when the Nazis were in power . He conducted the Frankfurt Opera where he gave the first performance in Germany of Alban Berg 's Lulu .
He spent much of his time in Britain and the United States .
With his bald head he got the nickname `` The Screaming Skull '' .
In 1939 he moved to Switzerland , where he continued a career as a pianist and won the Geneva International Piano Competition , but he did not have many chances to conduct there .
In 1983 he conducted Wagner 's Ring Cycle at Bayreuth for the only time .
During this time with the London Philharmonic he performed and recorded many works by Elgar including the two symphonies , the Violin Concerto with Kyung Wha Chung and the Cello Concerto with Julian Lloyd Webber .
Solti was music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra -LRB- CSO -RRB- from 1969 until 1991 , when he was given the title of Music Director Laureate , the only CSO conductor to be given that title .
Soltiâ s widow and daughters began the Solti Foundation to help young musicians .
They had two daughters , Gabrielle and Claudia .
Solti worked with Dudley Moore on a 1991 television series , Orchestra !
He died before his 1,000 th performance .
Leila Alice Daughtry Denmark , M.D. -LRB- born February 1 , 1898 -RRB- is an American pediatrician who still worked until she was 103 .
She also thinks that it is bad to drink cow 's milk , people should eat fruit but not drink fruit juices , and drink only water .
As a doctor , she was one of the first to be against smoking near children and drug use in pregnant women .
Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy is a 2004 comedy movie that was produced by Judd Apatow and directed by Adam McKay .
The movie is number 100 on Bravo 's 100 funniest movies , and 113 on Empire 's 500 Greatest Movies of All Time .
Backlash is an yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment , which started in 1999 and is held in April -LRB- but 2005 was not -RRB- .
Jayat is a commune .
He was drafted in the seventh round , 184th overall , by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft .
Jeremy Adduono -LRB- born August 4 , 1978 , in Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger .
Other singles from the album include `` Mistaken Identity '' , `` A Little Too Late '' and a duet with Brian McFadden , `` Almost Here '' .
He was drafted with the 149th overall pick in the 2009 NHL Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks .
Marcus KrÃ 1\/4 ger -LRB- born 27 May , 1990 in Stockholm , Sweden -RRB- is an NHL ice hockey center for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Prince Augustus Frederick , Duke of Sussex was born -LRB- 27 January 1773 â `` 21 April 1843 -RRB- , was the sixth son of George III and his consort , Queen Charlotte .
Its goal was to try and build on the success of the well attended events like the World Championships and World Cup Classics Meetings . It was also to provide more regular events for fans to go to .
Today it is home to the National Cycling Centre , and the headquarters of British Cycling , the national governing body .
The series started with 4 events over the winter season and quickly built up good regular crowds .
Regular sessions are run every week at the velodrome , starting from taster sessions right up to serious training .
It hosted the track cycling in the 2002 Commonwealth Games , and the UCI world championships in 1996 , 2000 and 2008 .
The first close to sell out crowd came at the 7th meeting , in 2005 , when all seats were sold with a further number of fans standing .
By 30 March 2008 , more than 15 world records had been set there . The records include Chris Boardman 's 1996 and 2000 hour records and the 4000 metre team pursuit record set by the Great Britain men 's team at the 2008 World Championships .
The old track was relaid with Siberian pine .
Manchester Velodrome is an indoor cycle-racing track -LRB- or velodrome -RRB- in Manchester , in the north west of England .
A taster session involves some basic training and an hour riding the track .
On 2 July 2009 cycling fans Kraftwerk performed at the Manchester Velodrome as part of the 2009 Manchester International Festival .
On 21 May 2007 the velodrome closed to be re-surfaced .
Its bankings reach 42 degrees in the middle .
It opened in September 1994 and is the United Kingdom 's leading indoor Olympic-standard track .
The track is as steep at the top as it is on the black -LRB- racing -RRB- line .
The first official complete sell out came at Revolution 14 and is now a regular occurrence .
The track is 250 metres long .
It reopened on 16 July 2007 , and is now considered smoother to ride .
Steel Azin Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Tehran , Iran .
Boutersem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
The Edinburgh International Festival is a festival of music , theater , opera , dance , visual arts and literature that takes place every year in the city of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Mauro Raphael -LRB- born 6 June , 1933 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
He has played for Brazil national team .
Crottet is a commune .
Gilberto Alves -LRB- born 24 December , 1950 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player . He has played for Brazil national team .
The Independent Group -LRB- IG -RRB- , founded in London in 1952 , is regarded as the precursor to the pop art movement .
This material consisted of ` found objects ' such as , advertising , comic book characters , magazine covers and various mass produced graphics that mostly represented American popular culture .
that he had assembled during his time in Paris between 1947 â `` 1949 .
They were a gathering of young painters , sculptors , architects , writers and critics who were challenging modernist approaches to culture as well as traditional views of Fine Art .
The group discussions centered on popular culture implications from such elements as mass advertising , movies , product design , comic strips , science fiction and technology .
Pop art and minimalism are considered to be the last modern art movements and so the precursors to postmodern art , or some of the earliest examples of postmodern art themselves .
After Paolozzi 's seminal presentation in 1952 , the IG focused on the imagery of American popular culture , particularly mass advertising .
Pop art has themes and techniques drawn from popular mass culture , such as advertising and comic books .
At the first Independent Group meeting in 1952 , co-founding member , artist and sculptor Eduardo Paolozzi presented a lecture using a series of collages titled Bunk !
Pop art employs images of popular as opposed to elitist culture in art .
One of the images in that presentation was Paolozzi 's 1947 collage , I was a Rich Man 's Plaything , which includes the first use of the word `` popâ , appearing in a cloud of smoke emerging from a revolver .
ChÃ ry-Chartreuve is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Jeremy John Durham ` Paddy ' Ashdown , Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon -LRB- born 27 February 1941 in New Delhi , British India -RRB- is a British politician and international diplomat .
Tellin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Furthermore on Bebelplatz the Berlin State Opera -LRB- No. 7 -RRB- , coloquially called Lindenoper , St. Hedwig 's Cathedral and the Altes Palais -LRB- No. 9 -RRB- , favored residence of Emperor Wilhelm I ; in the north the main building of the Humboldt University -LRB- No. 6 -RRB- and House I of the Berlin State Library -LRB- No. 8 -RRB- .
It was replaced by a boulevard of linden trees planted in 1647 , stretching from the city palace to the gates of the city , by order of the â Great Electorâ Frederick William .
By the 19th century , as Berlin grew and expanded to the west , Unter den Linden became the best-known and grandest street in Berlin .
Well-known statues of Alexander and Wilhelm von Humboldt in front of the university as well as of the Prussian generals Scharnhorst and BÃ 1\/4 low also adorn the street .
Eastward the boulevard crosses the river Spree near the Dom -LRB- Berlin Cathedral -RRB- and continues as Karl-Liebknecht-Stra Ã e. The western continuation behind Brandenburg Gate is StraÃ e des 17 .
Unter den Linden runs eastâ `` west from the site of the former Stadtschloss royal palace at the Lustgarten park , where the demolished Palast der Republik used to be , to Pariser Platz and Brandenburg Gate .
In the course of the building of the Nord-S Ã 1\/4 d-Tunnel for the Berlin S-Bahn in 1934\/35 most of the linden trees were cut down and during the last days of World War II the remaining trees were destroyed or cut down for firewood .
Unter den Linden -LRB- `` under the linden trees '' -RRB- is a boulevard in the Mitte district of Berlin , the capital of Germany .
While the western part of the boulevard retained its character , the area around present-day Bebelplatz was changed after the Thirty Years ' War and fortified . There are no trees .
The disputed replica of the Alte Kommandantur is No. 1 , vis - Ã - vis the Zeughaus arsenal , the oldest building on Unter den Linden , built between 1695 and 1706 , today the seat of the Deutsches Historisches Museum -LRB- No. 2 -RRB- .
It is named for its linden -LRB- lime in British English -RRB- trees that line the grassed pedestrian mall in the middle of the road
Unter den Linden at the heart of the historic section of Berlin developed from a bridle path laid out by Elector John George of Brandenburg in the 16th century to reach his hunting grounds in the Tiergarten .
In 1851 the famous equestrian -LRB- horse-riding -RRB- statue of King Frederick the Great , designed by Christian Daniel Rauch , was put up on the center strip .
Buildings along the street include -LRB- from east to west -RRB- the Kronprinzenpalais -LRB- former palace of the Hohenzollern crown princes , No. 3 -RRB- , the Neue Wache war memorial built in 1817 -LRB- No. 4 -RRB- , considered by many to be Karl Friedrich Schinkelâ s masterpiece .
The present-day linden were replanted in the 1950s , they are affected by air pollution as well as by soil contamination .
Since 1937 , the numbering has started at the SchlossbrÃ 1\/4 cke -LRB- Palace Bridge -RRB- , connecting Unter den Linden with the Lustgarten and Museum Island .
On the western end are the Russian Embassy -LRB- former Soviet Embassy , No. 63-65 -RRB- the Hungarian Embassy -LRB- No. 76 -RRB- at the corner of Wilhelmstrasse and finally the Hotel Adlon -LRB- No. 77 -RRB- at the corner of Pariser Platz , which has been completely rebuilt on the site of the prewar hotel .
Major northâ `` south streets crossing Unter den Linden are FriedrichstraÃ e and Wilhelmstrasse .
Polish -LRB- jÄ zyk polski , polszczyzna -RRB- is the official language of Poland .
2008 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
This is the only university of India and first in Asia which has received Platinum Technology Award in Geneva , Switzerland presented by association Otherways Management and Consulting -LRB- OMAC -RRB- , a Paris based international organization .
It is a teaching as well as recognizing university , which recognizes more than 120 colleges of Delhi-NCR -LRB- National Capital Region -RRB- and has 15 schools and centres on its campus .
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University -LRB- simply Indraprastha University or IP -RRB- is a public university , located in Delhi , India .
He became Premier on 5 September 2008 .
Nathan Rees -LRB- born 1968 -RRB- is the 41st Premier of New South Wales .
Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Seth Rogen -LRB- born April 15 , 1982 in Vancouver , British Columbia -RRB- is a Canadian actor , comedian , writer and film producer .
The stirrup is a ring with a flat bottom fixed on a leather strap , usually hung from each side of a saddle to create a footrest for the rider on a riding animal -LRB- usually a horse or a mule -RRB- , suspended by an adjustable strap from the saddle for use as a support for the foot of a rider of a horse when seated in the saddle and as an aid in getting up .
Fays-la-Chapelle is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Heltermaa is a village in PÃ 1\/4 halepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Pahariwood is the name of a Kashmiri movie industry that is based in the city of Mirpur , Pahari or Patwari are Punjabi languages that are the native tongues of the ethnic Punjabi population of Mirpur Azad Jammu and Kashmir .
Arcade games are often pinball games and video games .
Tank is a city in Pakistan .
Arimo is a city of Idaho in the United States .
South Ossetia and Abkhazia are territories within Georgia that declared independence from Georgia and have been acting in a de facto independent capacity since the early 1990s .
On the EMI label she made several `` champagne operetta '' recordings like Franz LehÃ r 's The Merry Widow and Johann Strauss II 's The Gypsy Baron .
In 1945 , Schwarzkopf was given Austrian citizenship so that she would be allowed to sing in the Vienna State Opera .
She was also good at singing Alice Ford in Verdi 's Falstaff .
Schwarzkopf died in her sleep during the night of 2 â `` 3 August 2006 at her home in the village of Schruns , in Vorarlberg , western Austria , aged 90 .
He thought she was so good that he gave her an exclusive contract with EMI .
In the 1960s , when Schwarzkopf sang in operas she nearly always sang one of her five favorite operatic roles : Donna Elvira in Mozart 's Don Giovanni , Countess Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro , Fiordiligi in CosÃ fan tutte , Countess Madeleine in Strauss 's Capriccio , and the Marschallin in Der Rosenkavalier .
She was one of the most famous opera singers of the 20th century as well as a famous recitalist . She was particularly known for singing the music of Mozart , Schubert , Strauss , and Wolf .
In March 1946 , Schwarzkopf had been invited to audition for Walter Legge .
After retiring , Schwarzkopf taught and gave master classes around the world , especially at the Juilliard School in New York City .
Three days later , he died .
Dame Elisabeth Schwarzkopf DBE -LRB- born in Jarotschin in Prussia , 9 December 1915 ; died Schruns , Austria , 3 August 2006 -RRB- was a German-born Austrian\/British soprano .
In 1947 and 1948 , Schwarzkopf appeared on tour with the Vienna State Opera at London 's Royal Opera House at Covent Garden on 16 September 1947 as Donna Elvira in Mozart 's Don Giovanni and at La Scala on 28 December 1948 , as the Countess in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro , which became one of her most famous roles .
They worked a lot together , and they were married on 19 October 1953 in Epsom , Surrey ; Schwarzkopf now had British citizenship because of her marriage to an Englishman .
She was made a doctor of music by the University of Cambridge in 1976 , and became a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- DBE -RRB- in 1992 .
His doctors told him to rest , but instead of resting he went to Schwarzkopf 's last recital two days later in Zurich .
Schwarzkopf 's last operatic performance was as the Marschallin on 31 December 1971 , in the theater of La Monnaie in Brussels .
Schwarzkopf showed an interest in music from an early age .
Legge asked Schwarzkopf to sing Hugo Wolf 's lied Wer rief dich denn ? .
In 1942 , she was invited to sing with the Vienna State Opera , where her roles included Konstanze in Mozart 's Die EntfÃ 1\/4 hrung aus dem Serail , Musetta and later MimÃ in Puccini 's La bohÃ me and Violetta in Verdi 's La traviata .
On 17 March 1979 , Walter Legge had a serious heart attack .
In 1934 , Schwarzkopf started to study in Berlin Hochschule fÃ 1\/4 r Musik , then she changed teachers and started working with the coloratura soprano Maria IvogÃ 1\/4 n as well as with IvogÃ 1\/4 n 's husband , the pianist Michael Raucheisen .
After living in Switzerland for many years , she went to live in Vorarlberg , Austria .
Elisabeth Schwarzkopf was born in Jarotschin in the province of Posen in Prussia .
For the next several years , she only sang in lieder recitals .
She first sang in an opera in 1928 when she took the part of Eurydice in a school production of Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice in Magdeburg , Germany .
The meaning of Teinainano is `` down of the mast '' , referring to the sail-shape of the atoll .
There is a Kiribati Teacher College and one University of the South Pacific center on South Tarawa .
South Tarawa -LRB- in Gilbertese and English : Teinainano Urban Council or abr . It is on an island called Tarawa Atoll .
Bairiki is sometimes considered the capital of Kiribati because at one time both the Parliament , the Presidency and main administrative offices were located there .
There is a Kiribati Teacher College and one University of the South Pacific center on South Tarawa . Bairiki is sometimes considered the capital of Kiribati because at one time both the Parliament , the Presidency and main administrative offices were located there .
The South Tarawa population center is made up of all the small islands between Bairiki -LRB- on the west -RRB- to Temaiku on the east .
All of separated islands are joined by causeways , forming one long island on the reef along the southern side of the Tarawa Lagoon .
The Parliament meets on Ambo island ; Government department are spread among South Tarawa , Betio and Christmas Island .
Bairiki -LRB- executive -RRB- , Ambo -LRB- legislative -RRB- , Betio -LRB- judicial -RRB- are the main places of the capital .
The Roman Catholic diocese and the Kiribati Protestant Church are located on South Tarawa .
Luther Vandross was an American R&B singer-songwriter .
Pontavert is a commune in the Picardie region of the Aisne department in the north of France .
Kimberly Denise Jones , better known as Lil ' Kim , -LRB- born July 11 , 1975 in Brooklyn , New York -RRB- is a rap artist .
Koji Homma -LRB- born 27 April 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Mito HollyHock .
High-profile legal personalities have joined the College of Law teaching staff , like former Senator Ernesto Maceda in the legislation and public governance and lawyer Katrina Legarda for family law .
The Committee on Admission reserves the right to deny the admission of an applicant if the above requirements and all other admission criteria are not satisfactorily complied with .
Non-response within five -LRB- 5 -RRB- days and\/or his\/her non-appearance will cause forfeiture of slot in the College .
Admission decision will be based on the result of the evaluation of all the required documents , as well as the entrance examination and the interview .
An applicant who passes the Admission Test will be informed of the date of interview .
The Committee on Admission shall submit to the Dean of the College its recommendation for his review and final recommendation to the President of the University .
The College of Law of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila , which is located in Gusaling Katipunan , is one of the two Professional schools of the University .
Any evidence of fraud , misrepresentation , or non-disclosure by the applicant of any information relative to the requirements shall be ground for the cancellation of his admission or enrollment .
Scotsport is a television program on STV in Scotland .
Curry laksa -LRB- sometimes called just laksa -RRB- is a coconut soup made with prawns , beef , bean sprouts and chili .
Laksa is a popular food in Malaysia .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from Peranakan culture . Curry laksa -LRB- sometimes called just laksa -RRB- is a coconut soup made with prawns , beef , bean sprouts and chili .
The most famous Asam Laksa can be found in Air Itam , Penang .
Laksa is a popular food in Malaysia . The most famous Asam Laksa can be found in Air Itam , Penang .
Laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from Peranakan culture .
The dozen is convenient because its multipliers and multiples are convenient : 12 = 3 2 2 , and 360 = 30 12 .
A great hundred is 120 or ten dozen -LRB- a dozen for each finger on both hands -RRB- .
A baker 's dozen , also known as a long dozen , is thirteen .
Walter Richard Rudolf Hess -LRB- HeÃ in German -RRB- -LRB- 26 April 1894 â `` 17 August 1987 -RRB- was a High Ranking Nazi leader , and one of Adolf Hitler 's closest men .
The main sights of Buochs are the church St. Martin , the Loreto chapel in Ennerberg , a monument of Johann Melchior Wyrsch , and the quay .
Buochs is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
It borders Norfolk , Cambridgeshire , Rutland , Leicestershire , Nottinghamshire , South Yorkshire , the East Riding of Yorkshire , and -LRB- for just 19 metres or 20 yd , England 's shortest county boundary -RRB- Northamptonshire .
Lincolnshire -LRB- abbreviated Lincs -RRB- is a county in the east of England .
Its county town is the ancient city of Lincoln .
Until they moved in June 1999 , the club 's home park was the Kingdome .
The Mariners are part of the Western Division of Major League Baseball 's American League .
Since July 1999 , their home stadium has been Safeco Field .
The Seattle Mariners are an American Major League Baseball team based in Seattle , Washington .
Lys , PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques is a commune of the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques dÃ partement in the southwestern part of France .
Clinton married Hillary Rodham in 1975 . In 1980 , their daughter , Chelsea Clinton , was born .
He was 46 years old when he was elected .
William Jefferson Clinton -LRB- born on August 19 , 1946 as William Jefferson Blythe III -RRB- , better known as Bill Clinton , was the 42nd president of the United States . He served from 1993 to 2001 .
Scientific laboratories can be found in schools and universities , in hospitals , in industry , in government or military facilities , and even aboard ships and spacecraft .
The purpose of this template is to display articles pertaining to universal mass transit modes and concepts , NOT any specific systems or modes\/concepts found in only one location .
The Template Modes of public transport has been merged into this template .
This change may not be reflected yet on all sites .
Emily Jordan Osment -LRB- born March 10 , 1992 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- is an American actress and singer .
She is most famous for her roles of Gerti Giggles in the Spy Kids trilogy , and Lilly Truscott in Hannah Montana .
This is a list of magicians , illusionists , escape artists , and other practitioners of stage magic .
Magicians are listed by the most common name used in performance .
For a list of witches , wizards , and other people who say they do real magic , see : List of occultists .
Magicians ' real names , if different , follow in parentheses .
He produced relatively few artworks , while moving quickly through the avant-garde circles of his time .
Marcel Duchamp -LRB- 28 July 1887 -- 2 October 1968 -RRB- was a French artist whose work is most often associated with the Dadaist and Surrealist movements .
Duchamp can be seen , very briefly , playing chess with Man Ray in the short film Entr ` acte -LRB- 1924 -RRB- by RenÃ Clair .
Duchamp 's output influenced the development of post-World War I Western art .
Instead , he played chess , which he studied for the rest of his life to the exclusion of most other activities .
He advised modern art collectors , such as Peggy Guggenheim and other prominent figures , thereby helping to shape the tastes of Western art during this period .
The creative act is not performed by the artist alone ; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering and interpreting its inner qualifications and thus adds his contribution to the creative act .
During this period his fascination with chess so distressed his first wife that she glued his pieces to the board .
A playful man , Duchamp challenged conventional thought about artistic processes and art marketing , not so much by writing , but through subversive actions such as dubbing a urinal art and naming it Fountain .
Duchamp continued to play in the French Championships and also in the Chess Olympiads from 1928 â `` 1933 , favoring hypermodern openings such as the Nimzo-Indian .
Upon his return to Paris in 1923 , Duchamp was , in essence , no longer a practicing artist .
Leopoldsburg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Halifax Regional Municipality is the capital city of the province of Nova Scotia , in the country of Canada . The population of the Halifax region was 359,111 in the year 2001 .
Halifax Regional Municipality is the capital city of the province of Nova Scotia , in the country of Canada .
Generally , the differences between one balkline game and another are defined by two different things : 1 -RRB- where the balkines are drawn on the table , and 2 -RRB- the number of points that are allowed in each balk space before at least one ball must leave that region of the table . Balkline games are named by giving two numbers that tell us about the spacing used and how many points can be scored in the balk spaces .
A new game appeared in 1879 , called the champion 's game or limited-rail . The champion 's game is considered an in-between gameâ '' between straight rail and balklineâ '' and was designed to stop the rail nurse .
So , for example , the name 18.2 balkline , tells us that balklines are drawn 18 i distant from each rail , and only two points are allowed in a balk space before a ball must leave that area .
Some of the most well known games are straight rail , cushion caroms , balkline , three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards .
In three-cushion billiards , sometimes called three-cushion carom , three-cushion , three-cushions , three-rail , rails and the angle game , the object is to carom off both object balls with at least three rails being contacted before the contact of the cue ball with the second object ball .
However , the color also serves a useful function .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Carom billiards balls .
World title competition first started in 1986 and required the use of ivory balls .
The object of cushion caroms is to score cushion caroms , meaning a bounce off of both of the other balls on the table , with at least one rail of the table being struck by the cue ball before the contact with second object ball .
The first three-cushion billiards tournament took place January 14 -- 31 , 1878 in C. E. Mussey 's Room in St. Louis , with McCreery taking part . The tournament was won by New Yorker Leon Magnus .
The New York Times announced it with fanfare : `` For the first time in the history of world 's championship balkline billiards a heated table will be used ... ''
Cloth has been used to cover billiards tables since the 15th century -LRB- 1400s -RRB- .
Today , straight rail play is not very common in the U.S. but it still popular in Europe , where it is thought to be a good practice game for balkline and three-cushion billiards .
Heating table beds is an old practice .
Techniques continued to develop which increased counts greatly despite the crotching ban .
Three-cushion billiards is the most popular carom billiards game played in the U.S. today , where pocket billiards -LRB- pool -RRB- is far more widespread . Three-cushion retains great popularity in parts of Europe , Asia , and Latin America .
Three-cushion billiards is the most popular carom billiards game played in the U.S. today , where pocket billiards -LRB- pool -RRB- is far more widespread .
Both types of ball sets are allowed in tournament play .
The object of straight rail is simple : one point , called a `` count '' , is scored each time a player 's cue ball makes contact with both object balls -LRB- the second cue ball and the third ball -RRB- on a single strike of the cue ball .
The game is played mostly in western Europe , especially in France , Belgium and the Netherlands .
It is a shortening of the word carambola , used in Spanish and Portuguese and spelled carambole in French .
In the balkline games , rather than drawing balklines a few inches from the corners as was done in the champion 's games , the entire table is divided into rectangular spaces . This is done by drawing balklines a certain distance across the length and the width of the table .
The slate bed of a billiard table is often heated to about 5 Â C\/9 Â F above room temperature , which helps to keep moisture out of the cloth to aid the balls rolling and rebounding in a consistent manner , and generally makes a table play faster .
In general , the 76 shots in the game -- even the lowest difficulty 4-point shots -- require a high degree of skill , much practice and specialized knowledge to perform .
It was called French caroms , French billiards or the French game in early times , taking those old names from the French who made the game popular .
The governing body of the sport is the ConfÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Billard Artistique -LRB- CIBA -RRB- .
Queen Victoria of England -LRB- 1819 -- 1901 -RRB- had a billiard table that was heated using zinc tubes , At that time , though , the reason for the heating was different . The heat was used to keep ivory balls from going out of shape -LRB- warping -RRB- .
Cushion caroms is rarely played in the U.S. , but it still has some popularity in Europe .
Over its history balkline has had many variations including 8.2 , 10.2 , 12.2 , 13.2 , 12 Â 1\/2 .2 , 14.1 , 14.2 , 18.1 , 18.2 , 28.2 , 38.2 , 39.2 , 42.2 , 45.1 , 45.2 , 47.1 , 47.2 , 57.2 and 71.2 balkline .
Professional straight rail in the United States was only seen for six years , from 1873 to 1879 .
Billiard balls have been made from many different materials since the start of the game . For example , they have been made from clay , wood , ivory , plastics -LRB- including celluloid , Bakelite , crystalate , and phenolic resin -RRB- and even steel .
jpg thumb left 200px A standard set of carom billiards balls -LRB- 61.5 mm -LRB- 27 â 16 in -RRB- diameter -RRB- , including a red object ball , a plain white cue ball , and a dotted cue ball for the opponent .
The most important of these nurse techniques , called the rail nurse , involves nudge the balls down a rail , moving them just a few centimeters on each score and keeping them close together and positioned at the end of each stroke in the same or near the same arrangement so that the rail nurse can be repeated .
Players are allowed three attempts at each shot .
In its simplest form , the object of carom billiards games is to score points or `` counts '' by bouncing one 's own ball , called a cue ball , off of the other two balls on the table .
A heated table is required under international carom rules and is an important requirement for the games of three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards .
While UMB , the International Olympic Committee-recognized world carom billiards authority , permits balls as small as 61.0 mm -LRB- approximately 23 â 8 -RRB- , no major manufacturer produces such balls any longer , and the main standard is 61.5 mm .
Balkline is not very common in the U.S. , but remains popular in Europe and the Far East .
By 1924 three-cushion had become so popular that two very well know players in other billiard areas agreed to play each other in it at a challenge match .
For example , the champion 's game was a short-lived game that developed during a transitional period between the invention of straight rail and the invention of balkline . Other games are combinations of these games and other games played on tables with pockets -LRB- pool or snooker games -RRB- , such as English billiards played on a snooker table and its related games , American four-ball billiards , and cowboy pool , played on a pool table .
Winning is achieved by reaching a certain number of points , agreed to between the players to be the winning number .
In Artistic billiards , sometimes called fantasy billiards or fantaisie classique , players compete at performing 76 planned shots , each assigned a degree of difficulty .
The game was infrequently played prior to 1907 , with many top carom players of the era saying they did not enjoy it . However , in 1907 after the introduction of the Lambert Trophy , the game became more popular in the U.S. and internationally .
In fact , the company that became the most famous maker of billiard cloth , Iwan Simonis , was formed in 1453 .
Straight rail , sometimes called carom billiards , straight billiards , the three-ball game , the carambole game , and the free game in Europe , is thought to date to the 1700s . No exact time of origin is known though .
In some sets of balls , however , the second cue ball is solid yellow .
Most cloth made for carom billiards tables is a type of cloth called `` baize '' that is dyed green in color , and is made from 100 % wool that has fibers that are made to be very straight -LRB- a process called worsted -RRB- . Baize cloth provides a very fast surface allowing the balls to travel easily across the table material , called a `` bed '' .
Balkline games are named by giving two numbers that tell us about the spacing used and how many points can be scored in the balk spaces .
However , the technique of crotching , meaning to have two balls right next to each other on the area of one of the table 's four corners where the rails meetâ '' the crotchâ '' made scoring a lot easier . This resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be sent away from the corner in order to legally score another point .
The first usable substitute was made from a material called `` celluloid '' . Celluloid , which is an early form of plastic , was invented by a man named John Wesley Hyatt in 1868 .
The principal governing body of the sport is the Union Mondiale de Billard -LRB- UMB -RRB- .
There are many varieties of balkline , but all divide the table into marked regions called balk spaces .
There is a total of 500 points available to a player .
The International Olympic Committee-recognized World Pool-Billiard Association -LRB- WPA -RRB- cooperates with the UMB to keep their rulesets consistent .
The game is sometimes incorrectly called one-cushion or one-cushion billiards , which is the direct translation of its name into English from various other languages such as Spanish -LRB- `` una banda '' -RRB- and German -LRB- `` einband '' -RRB- .
The first use of electric heating was for a tournament in the game of `` 18.2 balkline '' , that was held in December 1927 between two players : Welker Cochran and Jacob Schaefer , Jr. .
Some people who study word origins suggest that carambola was originally the name of a yellow-to-orange colored , tropical Asian fruit , known in Portuguese as a carambola . This was taken from an earlier word , karambal , from the Marathi language of India , also known as starfruit .
The three standard balls in most carom billiards games are a completely white cue ball , a second cue ball sometimes having a red or black dot on it -LRB- to help people in telling the balls apart -RRB- , and a third , red ball .
The game uses diagonal lines -- balklines -- drawn at the table 's corners to indicate that if balls were inside those lines , points could not be scored , thus `` cutting off four triangular spaces in the four corners , -LRB- taking -RRB- away 28 inches -LRB- 711 mm -RRB- of the ` nursing ' surface of the end rails and 56 inches -LRB- 1422 mm -RRB- on the long rails . ''
Carom billiards , sometimes called carambole billiards or simply carambole -LRB- and sometimes used as another word for a game called `` straight rail '' -RRB- are a family of billiards games played on cloth-covered tables .
The high run for the tournament was just 6 points , and the high average a .75 .
Balkline came after the champion 's game . It added more rules to stop nursing techniques .
However , this requirement was dropped in 1990 .
The highest score ever achieved in world competition was 374 , by the Frenchman Jean Reverchon in 1992 . The highest score in competition overall is 427 set by Belgian Walter Bax on March 12 , 2006 at a competition held in Deurne , Belgium , beating his own previous record of 425 .
Some games use an additional object ball . -RRB- -RRB-
Each set shot has a maximum point value assigned for perfect execution , ranging from a 4-point maximum for lowest level difficulty shots , and climbing to an 11-point maximum for shots deemed highest in difficulty level .
The green color of cloth was originally chosen to look similar to grass .
Each shot in an artistic billiards match is played from a well-defined starting position .
Hoppe was the eventual winner with a final score of 600 -- 527 .
That organization has been holding world three-cushion championships since the late 1920s .
Europe hosts professional competitions , known as pentathlons after the ancient Greek Olympic competitions , in which straight rail is one of five billiards games at which players compete . The other four are called 47.1 balkline , cushion caroms , 71.2 balkline and three-cushion billiards .
The search was made more enticing when a New York billiard table maker offered a $ 10,000 prize for a substitute material .
On September 22 , 1924 Willie Hoppe -LRB- last name rhymes with `` poppy '' -RRB- , the world balkline champion and Ralph Greenleaf , the world pocket billiards -LRB- pool -RRB- title holder , played a well-advertised , multiple-day , 600-point match .
The most common substance from 1627 until the early - to mid-twentieth century was ivory .
The search for a substitute for ivory use was not for environmental reasons but based on how expensive they were and fear of danger for elephant hunters .
The size of carom billiards balls is normally 61.5 mm -LRB- 27 â 16 in -RRB- in diameter . They weigh between 205 and 220 grams -LRB- 7.23 -- 7.75 ounces ; 7.5 is average -RRB- , and are quite a bit larger and heavier than the balls used for pool games .
Cushion caroms , sometimes called by its original name , the indirect game , is thought to have developed in the 1820 's in Britain , it developed out of an older game called the doublet game , that dates to at least 1807 .
Additionally , rectangles are drawn where each balkline meets a rail , called anchor spaces . The anchor spaces were added to the game to stop nursing techniques that developed especially for the challenges of balkline without them .
The balk spaces define areas of the surface of the table where a player may only score up to a certain number of points while the object balls are within that region .
Her acting career began around 1965 , although she did not get famous until the latter half of the 1980s .
Barbara Lynn Herzstein , better known as Barbara Hershey , is an American film and television actress .
Berryville is a town of Virginia in the United States .
The Crimean Astrophysical Observatory -LRB- CrAO -RRB- is found in Ukraine and is an observatory .
O'Connor married New Zealand native and restaurant manager Steve Muir on October 14 , 2000 .
In 1989 , O'Connor landed a recurring role in a serial called Teen Angel , featured on the `` New Mickey Mouse Club . ''
O'Connor began her television career at the age of sixteen with commercials for McDonald 's and Exxon .
She was later cast as Gabrielle , and co-starred opposite Lucy Lawless as Xena 's companion on Xena : Warrior Princess .
She also set up The RenÃ e O'Connor Outreach Fund which is designed to raise money for families in need and to support families whose medical bills have become too overwhelming due to serious illness .
The couple divorced in 2005 .
She was voted # 45 on FHM-US and FHM-Australia 's 100 Sexiest Women in -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
O'Connor was born to Walter and Sandra O'Connor .
She has an older brother named Chris , who is a grocery store manager , and her biological father Walter is a finance manager .
O'Connor is currently in pre-production -LRB- 2008 -RRB- on her second ROC Pictures LLC film which she wrote , will produce and direct .
They were so impressed by her performance opposite Hercules : The Legendary Journeys star Kevin Sorbo that they signed her for a starring role in Darkman II : The Return of Durant .
ReneÃ O'Connor -LRB- born Evelyn ReneÃ O'Connor on February 15 , 1971 in Katy , Texas -RRB- is an American actress , producer and director best known for playing the role of Gabrielle on the TV series Xena : Warrior Princess from 1995 to 2001 .
O'Connor has a cult following in the lesbian community , stemming from her role as Gabrielle in Xena : Warrior Princess and her ambiguous relationship with her traveling companion Xena .
Her first independent production was Diamonds and Guns , a romantic comedy about two friends who go to Las Vegas to find true love .
She made the cover of TV Guide on the July 29 , 2000 to August 42000 issue as `` one of `` The Sexiest Stars in the Universe '' .
It was shot digitally .
Although O'Connor is heterosexual , she loves her gay and lesbian fans and has appeared at gay-pride events such as the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras and the 2007 Dinah Shore Weekend in Palm Springs .
O'Connor was voted # 3 of the most intriguing people in 1996 , # 2 in 1997 , and one of the most beautiful people of 1997 , by People Magazine .
O'Connor first came to the attention of Xena : Warrior Princess executive producers Robert Tapert and Sam Raimi with an `` over-the-top '' audition that won her the role of the young Deianeira in their two-hour `` Action Pack '' adventure Hercules and the Lost Kingdom .
O'Connor was fearured in Maxim magazine in November 1999 with a photo shot and intimate interview .
O'Connor raised funds for the movie by selling autographed photos and a few of her personal paintings on ebay .
She and Sura have a daughter , Iris Sura O'Connor -LRB- born March 19 , 2006 -RRB- .
O'Connor became involved with Jed Sura , an actor she met while filming Enter in 2003 and later Diamonds and Guns in 2004 .
O'Connor had her first acting role at age eight as a caterpillar during a Theater on Wheels production .
O'Connor is an active supporter of the Alissa Ann Ruch Burn Foundation , working each year at the Southern California Firefighters Burn Relay which benefits the Foundation .
She transferred back to Taylor High School to graduate with her friends .
Her mother and stepfather , Sandra and Eddie Wilson , own the restaurant `` Threadgill 's '' in Austin , famous for being the site of Janis Joplin 's first performance .
They have a son , Miles William Muir -LRB- born September 22 , 2001 -RRB- .
In June 2007 , and again in June 2008 , O'Connor was named to the AfterEllen.com Hot 100 List .
This led to roles in another Disney serial called Match Point , and an episode of Tales from the Crypt -LRB- directed by Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- , though her Crypt role was later cut .
After the end of Xena , O'Connor began a film production company , ROC Pictures .
From 1995 to 2001 , during the filming of Xena , O'Connor lived in Auckland , New Zealand , where she still owns a home .
In January 2007 , O'Connor topped the 2006 annual list of LesbiaNation.com â '' establishing her as the longest reigning queen of their top-ten list of `` Women We Love '' .
A string of other commercials followed , as well as a series of odd jobs such as Porky Pig at Astroworld and an aerobics instructor in L.A. .
O'Connor then portrayed an imperiled student on the NBC special `` The Flood '' , Cheryl Ladd 's daughter in Danielle Steel 's `` Changes '' , a woman captured by Shawnee Indians in ABC 's Follow the River , an actress who hires Rockford as her bodyguard in The Rockford Files : A Blessing in Disguise -RRB- -RRB- , Julia Wilkes in Disney 's `` The Adventures of Huck Finn '' , and the daughter of a murdered couple in an episode of NYPD Blue .
At age twelve , she began studying acting at Houston 's Alley Theatre , and later attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts in Houston .
FÃ bio AurÃ lio -LRB- born 24 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
FÃ bio AurÃ lio -LRB- born 24 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for Liverpool .
These western companies also release films comics for young readers .
A film comic , or anime comics , also referred to as ani-manga , are Japanese manga volumes which use images from an anime series , film , or video release instead of the standard drawn panels .
Companies such as Tokyopop and Viz release films comics but refer to them as Cine-manga and Ani-manga , respectively .
They generally contain the full dialog from the anime from which they are adapted .
While generally published in book form , they are also sometimes released electronically as e-books , occasionally called e-manga .
This format has been adopted by companies such as Disney and companies from other countries ' television and film , and may even be based on live-action productions .
Films comics have been well received in English speaking countries , with some titles selling more than 500,000 copies .
Aefligen is a municipality of the district of Burgdorf in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Alexander James McLean -LRB- born January 9 , 1978 -RRB- is an American musician and member of the singing group Backstreet Boys .
The show consisted of his solo material and a solo version of the Backstreet Boys hit , ` Incomplete ' .
In 2008 AJ McLean performed two solo shows at the Anaheim House of Blues and The Roxy in Los Angeles .
Historian H.R. Mill notes that Morrell 's description of the island 's physical features fails to mention the island 's most singular characteristicâ '' it is covered by a permanent ice sheet .
Nevertheless he concedes that `` a man may be ignorant , boastful and obscure , and yet have done a solid piece of work '' .
Charles Enderby stated publicly that `` he had heard so much of him that he did not think fit to enter into any engagement with him . ''
In these conditions the group covered 31 m , taking frequent sightings .
Another inclined to defend Morrell 's integrity is the writer Rupert Gould , who included a lengthy essay on New South Greenland in his collection Enigmas , published in 1929 .
At 2 pm next day , 15 March , as Wasp cruised north-east in the sea that would later bear Weddell 's name , Morrell records : `` land was seen from the masthead , bearing west , distance 3 leagues '' -LRB- about nine miles , 14 km -RRB- .
This evidence , and the general nature of Morrell 's accountâ '' its obvious errors , and his reputation as a braggart `` as great ... as any hero of autobiographical romance '' in the words of British geographer Hugh Robert Mill , led many geographers thereafter to ignore his claims .
From this point , according to his own account , Morrell decided to take advantage of strong easterly winds , and made a rapid passage westward back to the Greenwich meridian , 0 Â .
He then wrote his Narrative of Four Voyages , which was published the following year .
At the time of Morrell 's voyage the Weddel Sea had not been named and its geography and coastline was almost entirely unknown . This made the sighting plausible at the start .
Morrell describes seal hunting activities continuing along this coast during the remainder of the day .
It is also possible that some of these lands existed , but later became submerged after volcanic eruptions .
Morrell then attempted to take the ship southwards . He reached think ice around 60 Â S and decided to turn northeast towards the Kerguelen Islands where he anchored on .
In his account Morrell writes that he was `` destitute of the various nautical and mathematical instruments '' , but other parts of his narrative make it clear that the occasional dead reckoning calculation was the exception to the norm .
Bruce was , however , generally well-disposed towards Morrell , writing that his claims should not be rejected until absolutely disproved .
In 1922 Frank Wild , leading the Shackleton-Rowett Expedition aboard Quest after Shackleton 's death early in the expedition , investigated the location of Ross 's sighting .
He proposed to use this discretion to investigate the Antarctic seas `` and to ascertain the practicality ... of penetrating to the South Pole . ''
A sounding of the sea bottom revealed more than 5000 f of water , indicating no land nearby .
He reportedly died in 1839 , and is commemorated by Morrell Island , 59 Â 27 'S , 27 Â 19 ` W , an alternative name for Thule Island in the Southern Thule sub-group of the South Sandwich Islands .
One form of superior mirage , sometimes described as a Fata Morgana , distorts distant flat coastlines or ice edges both vertically and horizontally , so they can appear to have tall cliffs and other features such as high mountain peaks and valleys .
On a further sounding of 1,900 fathoms -LRB- 11,400 feet , 3,500 m -RRB- gave Shackleton additional evidence of the non-existence of New South Greenland .
Gould writes : `` If Morrell wished to gain an undeserved reputation as an Antarctic explorer , one would think he could have gone a better way about it than to bury his piÃ ces justificatives , after he had forged them , in an undistinguished corner of so bulky a book . ''
Gould also discusses the possibility that what Morrell sighted was indeed the eastern coast of Graham Land , the so-called `` Foyn Coast '' , despite its being 14 Â further west from position of the New South Greenland sighting .
Filchner concluded that what Morrell had seen had been a mirage .
Polar historian Robert Headland of the Scott Polar Research Institute has suggested various reasons for these false sightings , ranging from `` too much rum '' to deliberate hoaxes designed to lure rival ships away from good sealing grounds .
In support , Gould asserts that the peninsula 's eastern coast corresponds very closely with the stretch of coastline described by Morrell .
On Wasp reached Candlemas Island in the South Sandwich Islands .
Morrell turned north from a position he calculated as 67 Â 52 'S , 48 Â 11W .
Daylight was limited to two or three hours a day , and temperatures fell to â 31 Â F -LRB- â 35 Â C -RRB- , making travel difficult .
In his account Morrell wrongly records the position of this anchorage , placing it in open sea about 60 m south-west of the island 's coastline .
New South Greenland , which is also known as Morrell 's Land , was an appearance of land recorded by the American captain Benjamin Morrell . Morrel reported the sighting on the schooner Wasp in , during a sealing and exploration voyage in the Weddell Sea area of Antarctica .
Here , a depth sounding recorded 1,676 fathoms -LRB- 10,060 feet , 3,065 m -RRB- , leading Shackleton to write : `` I decided that Morrell Land must be added to the long list of Antarctic islands and continental coasts that have resolved themselves into icebergs '' .
Although Filchner 's and Shackleton 's investigations and observations were accepted as conclusive proof that New South Greenland was a myth , there remained the question of Sir James Ross 's reported appearance of land in a position around 65 Â S , 47 Â W. Ross 's reputation was sufficient for this possibility to be taken seriously , and for his alleged sighting to be recorded on maps and Admiralty charts .
This scepticism remained even after Sir James Clark Ross reported an appearance of land in 1843 , not far from Morrell 's alleged observation : Ross 's sighting was occasionally proffered as supportive of Morrell 's claim .
These words are very similar to those used by the British explorer James Weddell to describe his own experiences in the same area , a month earlier .
Morrell describes his sighting briefly , and seeks no personal credit or glory from the discovery .
This theory supposes that Morrell miscalculated the ship 's position , perhaps because he lacked the chronometer necessary for proper navigational observation .
This would be the first of four long voyages that would keep Morrell at sea for most of the following eight years , although he would not revisit the Antarctic after the initial voyage .
Nothing was seen ; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot , Wild took a sounding at 64 Â 11 'S , 46 Â 4 ` W , which revealed 2331 f of water .
In 1843 the distinguished British naval explorer James Clark Ross reported possible land in a position close to Morrell 's ; this land , too , would eventually be proven not to exist .
After a few days spent in a search for fuel to feed the ship 's stoves Wasp sailed southwards on , into the area later known as the Weddell Sea .
He believes that the claimed farthest south in the Weddell Sea , queried by Mill , is entirely plausible , given that James Weddell had sailed four degrees further south just a month earlier .
At 10 o'clock Wasp `` bade farewell to the cheerless shores of New South Greenland '' ; there is no further mention of it in the long voyage account .
In his expedition account South , Shackleton gives a description of a Fata Morgana observed on 1915 , coincidentally as his ship Endurance drifted close to the recorded position of New South Greenland : `` The distant pack is thrown up into towering barrier-like cliffs , which are reflected in blue lakes and lanes of water at their base .
There was no further penetration of the Weddell Sea until 1903 , when William Speirs Bruce took Scotia to 74 Â 1 'S , but in a sector of the sea which did not bring him close to Morrell 's or Ross 's sightings .
On the following morning sealing resumed as the ship moved slowly southward , and continued until Morrell called a halt `` because of shortage of water and season far advanced '' .
He suggests that Morrell and his crew saw a superior mirage .
His account is light on details , but indicates that a distance of more than 3500 m was covered in 23 days .
Mills calls the westward journey from Morrell 's claimed farthest east position `` impossible ... unbelievably fast , quite apart from lying south of the coastline for much of the way '' .
In addition to his sealing duties Morrell had , as he put it , `` discretionary powers to prosecute new discoveries . ''
Hugh Robert Mill , writing in 1905 before the non-existence of New South Greenland had been proved conclusively , refers to the sheer absurdity of some of the incidents described in Morrell 's account , and concludes that because of Morrell 's blunders , and his habit of incorporating the experiences of others into his story , all his claims must be treated as not proven .
Robert Johnson , who coined the name New South Greenland , disappeared with his ship in 1826 , while investigating the Antarctic waters in the vicinity of what would later be known as the Ross Sea .
On 17 August 1915 Sir Ernest Shackleton 's ship Endurance , trapped in the ice like Deutschland three years earlier , drifted to a point 10 miles west of Morrell 's charted position .
Filchner left the ship on and , with two companions and sufficient provisions for three weeks , sledged westward across the sea ice in search of Morrell 's land .
Three days later , on , the ship passed what he took to be the northern cape of the land , at 62 Â 41 'S , 47 Â 21 ` W. `` This land abounds with oceanic birds of every description '' , wrote Morrell .
Wasp sailed south from New York on 1822 .
In any circumstances a longitudinal error of 14 Â is very large , and the additional distance of about 350 m to the Foyn coast seems too great to have been covered within the ten-day voyage from the South Sandwich Islands , where the ship 's position is recorded accurately .
From the first navigations of the Southern Ocean in the 16th century , lands which subsequently proved to be nonexistent had from time to time been reported in these waters .
The assumption that the New South Greenland sighting was simply invented by Morrell is dismissed , primarily on the grounds of the very little weight given to the discovery in Morrell 's 500-page account .
In the early 19th century the geography of Antarctica was almost completely unknown , but occasional sightings of land had been recorded .
This retreat , Morrell says , was due to the ship 's lack of fuel ; otherwise , he claims , in these open waters he could have taken the ship to 85 Â , or perhaps to the Pole itself .
Three years later , trapped in the same waters with his ship Endurance , Ernest Shackleton was able by similar means to confirm the land 's non-existence .
Alternatively , he may have made the common error of confusing distant icebergs with land , or been misled by the distorting effects of Antarctic mirage .
She reached the Falkland Islands late in October , after which Morrell spent 16 days in fruitless searches for the nonexistent Aurora Islands , before heading for South Georgia , where the ship anchored on .
Morrell may have been honestly mistaken , through miscalculation of his ship 's position or by misremembering detail when writing the account after nine years .
Even so , Gould maintains that a `` balance of evidence '' shows that what Morrell saw was the Foyn coast .
In the relatively few pages devoted to the Antarctic , Morrell 's account of his discovery is brief and entirely matter-of-fact , crediting it to Captain Johnson two years earlier rather than to himself .
Although dubious about much of Morrell 's account , Simpson-Housley suggests that the speeds claimed for the western journey , though fast , are not impossible .
Her subsequent north-westerly drift had , by mid - , brought her to a position 37 m east of Morrell 's recorded sighting .
Morrell also sought to join Dumont D'Urville 's expedition to the Weddell Sea in 1837 , but his services were again declined .
In his narrative , he gives all credit to his fellow sealing captain , Robert Johnson , for finding and naming the land two years earlier .
The expedition 's ship , Deutschland , had become trapped in heavy sea ice while attempting to establish a shore base at Vahsel Bay .
According to W.J. Mills , Morrell had the reputation among his contemporaries as `` the biggest liar in the Southern Ocean '' .
They found no signs of land ; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped , a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity .
After several days of exploration and evidently profitable sealing , Wasp left the Kerguelens on 1823 , sailing south and east to record her furthest eastern position at 64 Â 52 'S , 118 Â 27 ' E on .
Morrell 's four voyages finally ended on 1831 , with his return to New York .
Mountains of snow , he observed , could be seen about 75 m further south .
Canadian geographer Paul Simpson-Housley adopts a more sympathetic approach .
He attempted to resume his seafaring career , seeking employment with the London-based shipping firm of Enderby Brothers , but his reputation had preceded him and he was rejected .
Doubt was cast over the existence of New South Greenland when , in 1838 , the French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville sailed over the position of Morrell 's `` north cape '' , but saw no indication of land .
Some may have been of large ice masses that were carrying rocks and other glacial debrisâ '' dirty ice can appear convincingly similar to land .
Wasp then headed eastwards to hunt for seals . According to Morrell , the ship reached the remote Bouvet Island on .
Benjamin Morrell sailed to the South Sandwich Islands . Morrel was appointed commander of the schooner Wasp for a two-year voyage of sealing , trading and exploration in the Antarctic seas and the southern Pacific Ocean in 1822 .
Wasp sailed for Tierra del Fuego , then through the Magellan Strait into the Pacific Ocean , reaching Valparaiso , Chile , on 1823 .
Great white and golden cities of Oriental appearance at close intervals along these cliff-tops indicate distant bergs ... The lines rise and fall , tremble , dissipate , and reappear in an endless transformation scene '' .
Robert Johnson , a former captain of the Wasp , had made an exploratory voyage along the western coast of the Antarctic peninsula in 1821 . Johnson had called it `` New South Greenland '' .
In search of an explanation Mills suggests that since Morrell 's account was written nine years after the voyage he may not have had access to the ship 's log , and hence may `` have felt constrained to invent details that appeared plausible '' in order to sustain his narrative .
The first determined search for New South Greenland came during the Second German Antarctic Expedition , 1911 â `` 13 , under Wilhelm Filchner .
Other sightings may have been of actual land , wrongly located through observational errors due to chronometer failure , bad weather or simple incompetence .
He also records seeing 3,000 sea elephants .
This showed that no land was near .
Filchner 's view that the supposed sighting of New South Greenland could be explained by a mirage is echoed by Simpson-Housley .
His account continues : `` At half past we were close on with the body of land to which Captain Johnson had given the name of New South Greenland '' .
Finding the sea remarkably free of ice , Morrell advanced to 70 Â 14 'S before turning north-westward on .
The credibility of this claim of such fast , direct travel in ice-infested waters has been widely disputed , particularly as Morrell quotes southerly latitudes during the voyage which later proved to be at least 100 miles inside the then undiscovered Antarctic continental mainland .
In the German explorer Wilhelm Filchner 's ship Deutschland was blocked by ice in the Weddel Sea and drifted into the area , where Morrell had reported the new land .
This would explain the profusion of positional and date errors .
Zhejiangopterus is a pterosaur that was found in China . It lived in the Late Cretaceous .
Gregg Allman -LRB- born December 8 , 1947 -RRB- is a rock musician . He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother , Duane Allman , which popularized Southern Rock in the 1970s .
He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother , Duane Allman , which popularized Southern Rock in the 1970s .
It 's considered that the Commelinales together with Zingiberales evolved in the Late Cretaceous around 80 millions of years ago .
Commelinales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants .
Two of the best-known genera in the order are Commelina and Tradescantia .
Keysville , Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Hayk -LRB- Armenian : Õ Õ Õ Õ , also known as Haik -RRB- , in Armenian legend , was the founder of the Armenian nation .
According to Moses Khorenatsi , after Hayk the son of Torgom became father to Armeneak while living in Babylon , because the arrogant Titan Bel -LRB- who is Nimrod , according to Moses -RRB- has made himself king of the world , Hayk moves with his family and 300 others to the land of Ararat , and starts a village called Haykashen .
Hayk gathers his own army on the shore of Lake Van and tells them they must either defeat Bel or die trying , so they will not become his slaves .
Pyatt is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America .
Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Sun helped overthrow the Qing Dynasty in October 1911 . This was the last imperial dynasty of China .
He was president when the Republic of China was founded in 1912 . He later co-founded the Kuomintang .
Sun Yat-sen -LRB- 12 November 1866 â `` 12 March 1925 -RRB- was born in China and was a Chinese political leader .
In rowing , time trial races , where the boats start every 10 to 20 seconds , are usually called `` head races . ''
In cycling a time trial -LRB- TT -RRB- can be a single track race , or an individual time trial on the road .
In many racing sports an athlete will compete -LRB- take part -RRB- in a time trial .
Landerrouat is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Glycogen is found in the form of granules in the cytosol in many cell types , and plays an important role in the glucose cycle .
Glycogen is found in the form of granules in the cytosol in many cell types , and plays an important role in the glucose cycle . Glycogen forms an energy reserve that can be quickly mobilized to meet a sudden need for glucose , but one that is less compact than the energy reserves of triglycerides .
Glycogen forms an energy reserve that can be quickly mobilized to meet a sudden need for glucose , but one that is less compact than the energy reserves of triglycerides .
Only the glycogen stored in the liver can be made accessible to other organs .
Boquhan is a village in Stirling , Scotland .
Park County is a county located in the U.S. state of Wyoming , and was created on February 15 , 1909 .
Simone Perrotta -LRB- born 17 September 1977 -RRB- is an Italian football player . He plays for Roma and Italy national team .
He has been a senior hurricane specialist .
Dr. Lixion Avila is a weather forecaster with the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC -RRB- .
Tom Whedon is an American television writer .
Whedon is also the father of writer\/producer\/director Joss Whedon , the creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , and Firefly .
In 1976 the new Fine Gaelâ `` Labor Party National Coalition Government of Liam Cosgrave said they would not re-appointed him the Commission .
Hillery called the Irish Army 's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to make sure that no politician ever interfered with the career of the young army officer .
Hillery was asked by Ã amon de Valera to be his running mate in the 1951 general election .
Dr. Hillery is regarded as a powerhouse of ideas , one of the few members of Fianna FÃ il who has new policies and is eager to implement them .
A briefing paper , prepared for then British Foreign Secretary , Sir Alec Douglas-Home and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland William Whitelaw , observed about Hillery :
He can appear diffident and casual but has an undoubted intellectual capacity and a strong will ; since the government crisis of 1970 he has appeared much more assured -- even brash -- and has handled the DÃ il with confidence .
In 1972 , he negotiated Irish membership of the European Economic Community , a process that was completed in 1973 .
Following Ireland 's successful entry into Europe Hillery was rewarded by becoming the first Irishman to serve on the European Commission .
A a doctor he also spent a year working as coroner for West Clare .
Together they had a son , John , and a daughter , Vivienne , who died after a long illness in 1985 , shortly before her eighteenth bithday .
He only became a minister after de Valera retired as Taoiseach in 1959 .
Patrick John Hillery , known as Paddy Hillery , was born in Spanish Point , Miltown Malbay , County Clare in 1923 .
In 2002 , state papers released by the British Public Record Office under the ` Thirty Year Rule ' and published in the Irish media , revealed how Hillery was viewed .
In 1983 Hillery was again elected unopposed .
Hillery left office in 1990 -LRB- he had served the maximum two terms -RRB- , widely applauded for his integrity , honesty and devotion to duty .
The greatest example has been in his present job -LRB- then , Minister for Foreign Affairs -RRB- , where he has perforce concentrated on Anglo-Irish relations and , in particular Northern Ireland -LRB- .
President Hillery refused to speak to any opposition party politicians , but when Charles Haughey , who was Leader of the Opposition , had rang the President 's Office he threatened to end the career of the army officer answered and refused on Hillery 's explicit orders to put the call through to the President .
He thought about returning to medicine , perhaps moving with his wife , Maeve -LRB- also a doctor -RRB- to Africa .
Hillery 's most famous policy was to force EEC member states to give equal pay to women .
Dr. Hillery has a pleasant manner .
When President Cearbhall Ã `` DÃ laigh resigned , Hillery agreed to become the Fianna FÃ il candidate in the election .
won the election and Hillery was successful on his first attempt to get elected .
Dr Patrick John Hillery -LRB- ; 2 May , 1923 -- April 12 , 2008 -RRB- is an Irish Fianna FÃ il politician and the sixth President of Ireland from 1976 until 1990 .
In 1947 he returned to his home town where he followed in his fatherâ s footsteps as a doctor .
He attended University College Dublin , where he studied medicine .
Hillery married Mary Beatrice -LRB- Maeve -RRB- Finnegan on October 27 , 1955 .
He was appointed Vice-President of the Commission as well as having special responsibility for Social Affairs .
However he re-entered public life in 2002 during the second referendum on the Nice Treaty , when he urged a yes vote .
Policy in this field is determined primarily between him and the -LRB- -LRB- Taoiseach ; and it is likely that the Fianna FÃ il new line owes much to Dr. Hillery ...
The referendum was carried .
First elected at the 1951 general election as a Fianna FÃ il TD for County Clare , he remained in DÃ il Ã ireann until 1973 .
After a big fire 1748 it was built up by Johann Conrad Schlaun .
A church was founded in 860 by Ludger Liudger , as well as the first monastery in Westphalia .
Nottuln is a village , 20 km of MÃ 1\/4 nster , Germany .
With two captions , one beneath each image :
This template creates a box with two images side by side .
It needs parameters like this :
In 1939 the orchestra 's sponsors stopped giving money to the orchestra . The orchestra became a self-governing body , which meant that , like the London Symphony Orchestra , the players organized the orchestra themselves , deciding on their pay , their members , what music they should play etc.
In the 1930s , when Beecham conducted at the Royal Opera House , the orchestra played for operas there .
In 1964 the LPO became the resident orchestra for Glyndebourne Festival Opera in the summer .
The London Philharmonic Orchestra -LRB- LPO -RRB- is one of the major orchestras of the United Kingdom . It is based in the Royal Festival Hall , London .
At one of the orchestra 's early concerts in November 1932 the sixteen-year old Yehudi Menuhin played a program of violin concertos including the concerto by Elgar which the composer himself conducted .
The associate conductor at the time was Malcolm Sargent .
In 1967 the LPO appointed Bernard Haitink as its principal conductor .
The orchestra was formed in 1932 by Sir Thomas Beecham , and played its first concert on October 7 1932 at the Queen 's Hall , London .
Lake Okeechobee covers about 730 square miles -LRB- about half the size of Rhode Island -RRB- .
The lake is shared by Glades , Okeechobee , Martin , Palm Beach , and Hendry counties .
Lake Okeechobee is the largest lake in the U.S. state of Florida .
In earthquake engineering , vibration control is a set of technical means for decreasing seismic loads and improving seismic performance of building structures .
Moorhead is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The area has a long history going back to the time of Alexander the Great 's invasion -LRB- see Punjab -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- .
The area is well known for Khewra Salt Mines , Asia 's largest salt mine , in use for over 2000 years , and which features an underground mosque .
The small town of Jalalpur Sharif is located in Pind Dadan Khan and is said to be where Alexander the Great 's famous horse , Bucephalus is buried .
This pind -LRB- from Punjabi word for village -RRB- , is named after Nawab Dadan Khan , the Muslim Governor of Lahore in the 1700s .
She released her debut album in 2010 .
During `` The Hills '' , she started dating Spencer Pratt .
In 2009 , she performed her song `` Body Language '' on the Miss Universe show in the Bahamas .
It was called `` Superficial '' and it sold only 1,000 copies in it 's first week .
She graduated from high school and after that , attended the Academy of Art University in California .
Because of this , Montag and Pratt became portrayed as `` the villains '' of the series .
Heidi was born on September 15 , 1986 in Colorado .
Montag and Pratt were removed from `` The Hills '' in 2010 .
Montag started working on her own music album in 2007 .
She has an older sister , Holly Montag -LRB- born 1983 -RRB- .
The calcium-channel blocker , verapamil is useful in the treatment of hypomania and in those cases where lithium and mood stabilizers are contraindicated or ineffective . .
It can also often be complicated by the sufferer 's lack of judgment and insight regarding periods of exacerbation of symptoms .
Lithium is the classic mood stabilizer to prevent further manic and depressive episodes .
When the symptoms of mania have gone , long-term treatment then focuses on prophylactic treatment to try to stabilize the patient 's mood . Very often , this is done using a combination of drugs and psychotherapy .
Although `` severely elevated mood '' sounds somewhat desirable and enjoyable , the experience of mania is often quite unpleasant and sometimes disturbing , if not frightening , for the person involved -LRB- and those close to them -RRB- , and may lead to impulsive behavior that may later be regretted .
This negative experience creates an inability to function and an absentmindedness where the manic individual 's thoughts totally preoccupy him or her , making him or her unable to keep track of time or be aware of anything besides the neurological pattern of thoughts .
The word itself comes from from Greek Î 1\/4 Î Î 1\/2 Î Î -LRB- Mania -RRB- and that from Î 1\/4 Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Î 1\/4 Î Î - mainomai , `` to rage , to be furious '' .
Anticonvulsants such as valproic acid and carbamazepine are also used for prophylaxis .
The mania in bipolar disorder is usually treated using a combination of mood stabilizers and antipsychotic drugs .
More recent drug solutions include lamotrigine .
Another symptom of mania is racing thoughts during which the sufferer is excessively distracted by unimportant stimuli .
Nova Bus is a company which makes buses for public transit , and is owned by Volvo .
He led the Leonhardt Baroque Ensemble with the English counter-tenor Alfred Deller with whom he made one of the first recordings of some Bach cantatas .
The halibut from the Atlantic ocean has been overfished .
Halibut is a kind of flatfish often used for food and living in the North Atlantic and the North Pacific oceans -LRB- they live in warm water -RRB- . The halibut from the Atlantic ocean has been overfished .
As he begins singing , he walks through the crowd and interacts and dances with others .
As the song ends , the camera pans back up to the street level where life is continuing on , completely oblivious of what is going on below the streets .
The song was released commercially on November 3 , 2009 .
Towards the end of the song , Lambert begins to play with his band and the video shows everyone in the club dancing .
The music video premiered on Lambert 's official website on November 24 , 2009 .
It was directed by Ray Kay .
As the camera pans down below the ground , Lambert is shown walking into an underground club , filled with scantily clad men and women .
The video was filmed in a one-day shoot , on November 15 at The Alexandria , an old hotel which is now an apartment building in downtown Los Angeles .
The following day , Lambert announced that the single would debut on Ryan Seacrest 's radio show on October 30 , 2009 .
On October 28 , 2009 , Lambert announced via Twitter that his lead single from his debut album would be `` For Your Entertainment '' , a song that was produced by Dr. Luke .
The single was written by Claude Kelly and Dr. Luke .
Mixed with dancing are close up shots of Lambert and various dancers .
The song became available as a legal download in the United States on November 3 , 2009 and on November 15 , 2009 in the United Kingdom .
For Your Entertainment is the debut mainstream single by pop singer\/songwriter and runner up of American Idol 's 8th season Adam Lambert .
The video opens with a nighttime street level shot in a city .
It 's set to be his first U.K single and his third Australian single .
M&T Bank Stadium is the home football stadium of the Baltimore Ravens .
It is located in downtown Baltimore , Maryland . The Ravens moved into M&T Bank Stadium in 1998 after spending a year in Memorial Stadium .
It is any loose rock that is larger than 2 mm -LRB- 0.079 in -RRB- in its smallest dimension -LRB- about 1\/12 of an inch -RRB- and no more than 64 mm -LRB- 2.5 in -RRB- .
It is 221 meters -LRB- 725 feet -RRB- tall and has 63 floors .
Olympia Centre is a skyscraper in Chicago , United States .
The song is an unusual Beatles song for many reasons , its length -LRB- nearly eight minutes -RRB- , small number of lyrics -LRB- only fourteen different words are sung -RRB- , three-minute descent through the same repeated guitar chords , and sudden ending .
It is also one of the last songs that the Beatles mixed as a group , on August 20 , 1969 .
`` I Want You -LRB- She 's So Heavy -RRB- '' is a song by The Beatles from their album Abbey Road .
It was written by John Lennon , although it is credited to Lennon\/McCartney .
In humans , a parent is the mother or the father figure of a child .
They are either biologically or legally related to the person .
Delio Toledo -LRB- born 2 October 1976 -RRB- is a Paraguayan football player .
Sickling decreases the cells ' flexibility and results in a risk of various complications .
One-quarter of all aboriginal inhabitants of Sub-Saharan Africa carry the gene . In areas where malaria is common , there is a survival value in carrying only a single sickle-cell gene -LRB- sickle cell trait -RRB- .
Sickle-cell disease occurs more commonly in people -LRB- or their descendants -RRB- from parts of tropical and sub-tropical regions where malaria is or was common .
This is a life long disease and a life long blood disorder , sickle cell disease or sickle-cell anemia , characterized by red blood cells that have an abnormal , rigid , sickle shape .
He is an analyst for The NFL Today .
William Laird `` Bill '' Cowher -LRB- born May 8 , 1957 -RRB- is a former American football coach and player .
The color of the number -LRB- atomic number -RRB- above the element symbol shows the state of the element at normal conditions .
The periodic table of the chemical elements is a list of known atoms -LRB- chemical elements -RRB- .
In the table the elements are placed in the order of their atomic numbers starting with the lowest number . The atomic number of an element is the same as the number of electrons or protons in that particular atom .
Chloride is an ion of chlorine .
Bill Oakley -LRB- born in 1966 -RRB- is an American television writer , best known for his work on The Simpsons .
After leaving The Simpsons , Oakley and Weinstein created Mission Hill , The Mullets , and served as consulting producers on Futurama .
Bergueneuse is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Neotropical Pygmy Squirrel , Sciurillus pusillus , is a very small squirrel species from South America . It is the only living member of the genus Sciurillus and the subfamily Sciurillinae .
Ot en Sien -LRB- Ot and Sien -RRB- are two little children who appear in a series of stories which were written in the Dutch language more than a hundred years ago .
Yvrac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Articles about related stuff to an American punk rock band Bad Religion .
There are different types of such matches :
Usually a battle royal begin with 20 wrestlers in the ring , who are then eliminated by pushed out of the ring , over the top rope , and having both feet touch the floor out side the ring .
Team based battle royals consist of two or more teams of wrestlers , with the number of wrestlers on each team usually being equal .
In professional wrestling , a battle royal -LRB- sometimes spelled battle royale ; plural battles royal or battle royals -RRB- is a match type in which many wrestlers fight against each other at the same time and wrestlers are eliminated until only one is left . That person is then the winner .
Pneumatics uses air , which is compressible , while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil or water .
Pneumatics is the use of pressurized air for mechanical motion .
Both pneumatics and hydraulics are applications of fluid power .
Due to this event , it was named as Repulse Bay .
During the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong , the name of Repulse Bay was changed to '' ç ã æ '' .
It is located in the southern part of Hong Kong Island .
A monster truck is a vehicle usually styled after a pickup truck . It is changed or purposely built with very big wheels and suspension .
It was written by Crystal Johnson , Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen from the Norwegian production team Stargate and Sandy Vee .
`` Only Girl -LRB- In the World -RRB- '' is a song performed by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna . It is taken from her fifth studio album , Loud .
The songs for the new dub retained the same translation as the previous dub , but were sung by Sonya Isaacs .
The Disney version was released on DVD on March 7 , 2006 .
It won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1988 .
Fox and Troma 's rights to the movie expired in 2004 .
Troma 's and Fox 's rights to this version expired in 2004 .
It features a new dub cast .
It was released on VHS and DVD by Fox Video .
Later , Mei decides to run away to try to find her mother at the hospital , and gets lost . Satsuki looks for Totoro , who gives her a ride on the cat-bus and helps her find Mei .
The movie was re-released by Disney on March 7 , 2006 .
As is the case with Disney 's other English dubs of Miyazaki movies , the Disney version of Totoro features a star-heavy cast , including Dakota and Elle Fanning as Satsuki and Mei , Timothy Daly as Mr. Kusakabe , Pat Carroll as Granny , Lea Salonga as Mrs. Kusakabe , and Frank Welker as Totoro and Catbus .
Disney 's English language version premiered on October 23 , 2005 ; it then appeared at the 2005 Hollywood Film Festival .
Troma Films , under their 50th St. Films banner , produced a 1993 dub of the movie co-produced by Jerry Beck .
In 1993 , Fox released the first English-language version of My Neighbor Totoro , produced by John Daly and Derek Gibson -LRB- the producers of The Terminator -RRB- with co-producer Jerry Beck .
The Turner Classic Movies cable television network held the television premiere of Disney 's new English dub on January 19 , 2006 , as part of the network 's salute to Hayao Miyazaki .
My Neighbor Totoro , or My Neighbour Totoro on UK DVD box titles , is a 1988 animated movie written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli .
This DVD release is the first version of the movie in the United States to include both Japanese and English language tracks , as Fox did not have the rights to the Japanese audio track for their version .
-LRB- TCM aired the dub as well as the original Japanese with English subtitles . -RRB-
Bouilly is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
Myosotis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae that are commonly called Forget-me-nots .
Similar names and variations are found in many languages .
Newell Convers Wyeth -LRB- October 22 , 1882 -- October 19 , 1945 -RRB- was an American painter and book illustrator .
Bernd FÃ rster -LRB- born 3 May , 1956 -RRB- is a former German football player .
The goal was , giving an international communication language , that is , as a universal -LRB- world -RRB- second language , not to replace national languages . This goal was widely shared with Esperanto speakers in the early years of the Esperanto movement .
This goal was widely shared with Esperanto speakers in the early years of the Esperanto movement . After that , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that was shared is owned by themselves , even if Esperanto is never chosen by the United Nations or other international organizations .
The Boston Globe , 12 May 1999 Those who focus on the basic value of the language are commonly called raÅ mistoj , from Rauma , Finland , where a statement on the near-term -LRB- not far from today -RRB- not believing in the `` fina venko '' and the value of Esperanto culture was made at the International Youth Congress -LRB- meeting -RRB- in 1980 .
The largest is the Universala Kongreso de Esperanto -LRB- Universal Congress of Esperanto -RRB- , held in a different country each year .
This goal was widely shared with Esperanto speakers in the early years of the Esperanto movement .
Those Esperanto speakers who want Esperanto to be chosen by organizations or used worldwide are commonly called finvenkistoj , from fina venko , meaning `` final victory '' , or pracelistoj , from pracelo , meaning `` original goal '' .
The goal was , giving an international communication language , that is , as a universal -LRB- world -RRB- second language , not to replace national languages .
At first the language was named `` La Internacia Lingvo , '' which means `` The International Language . ''
Since x is not used in Esperanto , those letters can be written as : cx gx hx jx sx ux .
Those letters Ä Ä Ä Ä Å Å are usually not found on mobile phones or keyboards .
The Prague Manifesto -LRB- 1996 -RRB- presents the ideas of the ordinary people of the Esperanto movement and of its main organization , the World Esperanto Association -LRB- UEA -RRB- .
After that , Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that was shared is owned by themselves , even if Esperanto is never chosen by the United Nations or other international organizations .
Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band , but they speedily changed their style to heavy metal .
Recordings took place in Kristianopel , Sweden at Pama Studios\/Blakk Records with producer-engineer Mankan Sedenberg during the spring of 2004 .
Crucified Barbara are a Swedish all-female band , formed in Stockholm in 1998 .
It was released on December 8 2005 and went straight to no. 8 on the Swedish Hitlist .
The video was recorded and produced by M Industries .
Their music can be described as a mix between heavy metal and rock 'n' roll .
They signed in 2003 with GMR music group of Stockholm .
The single , for the debut album In Distortion We Trust , was ` Losing The Game ' .
In November 2006 , they supported MotÃ rhead along with Clutch .
Freeview is free television service in the New Zealand , It is sent to people 's home using a digital signal by either over the air or by satellite .
Iran means `` Aryan '' in Persian .
Iran used to be called Persia -LRB- for a long time by people outside of Iran -RRB- .
A Java Virtual Machine -LRB- JVM -RRB- is a set of computer software programs and data structures which use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts .
The model used by a JVM accepts a form of computer intermediate language commonly referred to as Java bytecode .
The JVM is an important component of the Java Platform . Because JVMs are available for many hardware and software platforms , Java can be both middleware and a platform in its own right -- hence the expression `` write once , run anywhere . ''
The use of the same bytecode for all platforms allows Java to be described as `` compile once , run anywhere '' , as opposed to `` write once , compile anywhere '' , which describes cross-platform compiled languages .
Java Virtual Machines operate on Java bytecode , which is normally -LRB- but not necessarily -RRB- generated from Java source code ; a JVM can also be used to implement programming languages other than Java .
Swat -LRB- Urdu : Ø Û Ø Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø -RRB- was a princely state and is now part of Pakistan .
Swat was part of the Mughal Empire ruled by local rulers known as Akhoond or Akhwand .
It lay to the north of the modern North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan until it was dissolved in 1969 .
From 1926 until 1947 , Swat was a princely state in British Raj , and in 1947 it acceded to Pakistan .
It incorporated the current states of Swat , Buner and Shangla .
Kirsten Caroline Dunst -LRB- born April 30 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress , famous for her roles in Interview with the Vampire , The Virgin Suicides , Marie Antoinette , and Bring It On , as well as Mary Jane Watson in the Spider-Man film series .
In a graveyard there is now a statue of the Commendatore .
Giovanni then flirts with Zerlina . Elvira arrives and warns Zerlina about how bad Giovanni is .
He fights Giovanni with a sword and the Commendatore is killed . Donna Anna 's fiancÃ , Don Ottavio promises Donna Anna that he will find the man who killed her father .
Masetto and his friends arrive , looking for Giovanni .
Giovanni and Leporello arrive and hear her .
Leporello throws off Giovanni 's cloak and hat so that everyone realizes who he is .
Zerlina tries to tell Masetto she is innocent .
In Donna Anna 's room Ottavio asks Anna to marry him , but Anna wants to wait because it is so soon after her father 's death .
Giovanni -LRB- dressed as Leporello -RRB- pretends that he , too , wants Giovanni dead and joins the hunt .
Elvira comes down to the street .
Suddenly Donna Anna appears , chasing Giovanni who is wearing a mask so that she does not know who she is .
After getting the crowd to separate Giovanni beats up Masetto and runs away laughing .
Zerlina arrives and comforts Masetto .
Anna and Ottavio promise to marry after a year . Elvira will spend the rest of her life in a convent , Zerlina and Masetto will finally go home for dinner , and Leporello will find a new master .
Elvira , Ottavio and Anna are masked so that people do not recognize them . They are trying to catch Giovanni and prove that he is bad .
Leporello threatens to leave Giovanni , but Giovanni calmly offers to pay him more money .
Leporello is not amused , and Don Giovanni just laughs .
In a dark courtyard , Leporello leaves Elvira .
Zerlina and Masetto open the door and catch Leporello .
As he tries to escape , Anna and Ottavio arrive .
Masetto and his friends arrive , looking for Giovanni . Giovanni -LRB- dressed as Leporello -RRB- pretends that he , too , wants Giovanni dead and joins the hunt .
Zerlina tries to tell Masetto she is innocent . Masetto tries to see whether she means it .
There is a lot of confusion , and Giovanni gives Zerlina back to Masetto .
In the Commendatore 's garden Leporello is standing guard while Don Giovanni is making love to Donna Anna .
Leporello tells Don Giovanni how he was nearly killed .
Ottavio and Anna appear .
; bgcolor : Colour used for the headings ' backgrounds .
; color : Colour used for the headings .
For more information , see WikiProject Music genres .
; subgenerelist : Article containing the complete list of subgenre
See WikiProject Music genres\/Colours .
Nuneaton also has a football team called Nuneaton Town .
Nuneaton is the largest town in the English county of Warwickshire . Nuneaton is famous for the novelist , George Eliot , who was born on a farm outside Nuneaton in 1819 and lived in Nuneaton during her early life . -RRB-
Nuneaton is famous for the novelist , George Eliot , who was born on a farm outside Nuneaton in 1819 and lived in Nuneaton during her early life . -RRB-
Nuneaton is the largest town in the English county of Warwickshire .
The subsolar point on a planet is when its sun looks like it is directly overhead -LRB- in zenith -RRB- .
For planets with a rotation like the Earth 's , the subsolar point will move westward , circling the globe once a day .
The hero of the story is Greatheart , the servant of the Interpreter , who is a pilgrim 's guide to the Celestial City .
There his burden falls off his back , so he is very relieved . Three shining ones give him the greeting of peace .
Bunyan presents a decrepit and harmless giant to confront Christian at the end of the Valley of the Shadow of Death that is explicitly named `` Pope '' : Now I saw in my Dream , that at the end of this Valley lay blood , bones , ashes , and mangled bodies of men , even of Pilgrims that had gone this way formerly : And while I was musing what should be the reason , I espied a little before me a Cave , where two Giants , Pope and Pagan , dwelt in old times , by whose Power and Tyranny the Men whose bones , blood ashes , & c. lay there , were cruelly put to death .
The sun rises as he leaves .
Because of its explicit English Protestant theology The Pilgrim 's Progress shares the feeling of most English , in the 17th century , against the Roman Catholic Church .
To Christian 's query about relief from his burden , Goodwill directs him forward to the ` place of deliverance ' .
The book is divided into two parts , and is 108,260 words long . Each part is a continuous narrative , with no chapter divisions .
You must needs go along with us ; we will wait for you , we will lend you our help , we will deny ourselves of some things , both opinionative and practical , for your sake ; we will not enter into doubtful disputations before you , we will be made all things to you , rather than you shall be left behind .
They are captured by Giant Despair , who takes them to Doubting Castle , where they are imprisoned , beaten and starved .
On the way , Christian and Hopeful meet a man called Ignorance .
Faithful is put on trial , and executed .
Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death he meets Faithful , who also used to live in the City of Destruction . They go together to Vanity Fair , where they are both arrested because they do not like the kind of business which is being done at the fair , all based on greed .
Using the key , they escape .
The giant wants them to commit suicide , but they refuse . Suddenly Christian realizes that a key he has , called Promise , will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle .
Samuel Johnson said that `` this is the great merit of the book , that the most cultivated man can not find anything to praise more highly , and the child knows nothing more amusing '' .
But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .
The explicit Protestant theology of The Pilgrim 's Progress made it popular .
Three years after its publication -LRB- 1681 -RRB- , it was reprinted in colonial America , and was widely read in the Puritan colonies .
Hopeful , who lives in Vanity , takes Faithful 's place as Christian 's companion for the rest of the way .
He must go to the Wicket Gate .
In the Second Part , Goodwill is shown to be Jesus himself .
Christian and Hopeful eventually reach the Celestial City .
He kills four giants , including Giant Despair , and helps to kill a monster that terrorizes the city of Vanity .
It clarifies and reinforces and justifies the story of Part I. The beam of Bunyan 's spotlight is broadened to include Christian 's family and other men , women , and children ; the incidents and accidents of everyday life are more numerous , the joys of the pilgrimage tend to outweigh the hardships ; and to the faith and hope of Part I is added in abundant measure that greatest of virtues , charity .
Part Two was published in 1684 .
The Second Part of The Pilgrim 's Progress presents the pilgrimage of Christian 's wife , Christiana ; their sons and the maiden , Mercy .
Expert critics think the second part is important , and brings in more ideas : `` Part II , which appeared in 1684 , is much more than a mere sequel to or repetition of the earlier volume .
At the Wicket Gate the gatekeeper , Goodwill , tells him to keep to the straight path .
When Christian and Faithful travel through Vanity Fair , Bunyan adds the editorial comment : But as in other fairs , some one Commodity is as the chief of all the fair , so the Ware of Rome and her Merchandize is greatly promoted in this fair : Only our English Nation , with some others , have taken a dislike thereat .
When Christiana 's party leaves Gaius 's Inn , Mr. Feeble-mind lingers in order to be left behind . He is encouraged to come with the party by Greatheart : But brother ... I have it in commission , to comfort the feeble-minded , and to support the weak .
They visit the same places that Christian visited , but they take a longer time . This is because the story includes the marriage of his sons , and children for the four sons and their wives .
The Pilgrim 's Progress is an English language book written by John Bunyan .
It was published over the years of the Popish Plot -LRB- 1678 â `` 1681 -RRB- and ten years before the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , and it shows the influence of John Foxe 's Foxe 's Book of Martyrs .
The two parts of The Pilgrim 's Progress in reality constitute a whole , and the whole is , without doubt , the most influential religious book ever written in the English language .
He is not afraid because his friend Faithful reminds him of the words of Psalm 23 : Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me .
A ferryman called Vain Hope ferries Ignorance across the River of Death , but Ignorance is turned away from the gates of Celestial City and thrown into hell .
Gernicourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The album reached # 21 on Billboard 's Pop Albums chart , and is on the list of the top 100 best-selling albums of the 1980s .
The tracks Crazy Train and `` Mr. Crowley '' were released as singles .
Blizzard of Ozz is a heavy metal album by Ozzy Osbourne , recorded in Surrey , UK and released on September 20 , 1980 in the UK and on January 15 , 1981 in the U.S. .
A regatta is a term used to describe either a boat race , or series of boat races .
Although regattas are typically amateur competitions , they are usually very highly organized , formally structured events , with complex rules precisely describing the schedule and procedures of the event .
Before signing with WWE , Sampson wrestled under several ring names , including Frederick of Hollywood , Fred Rosser , and `` Bonecrusher '' Fred Sampson .
He was in the first season of WWE NXT in early 2010 .
Frederick `` Fred '' Rosser -LRB- born November 2 , 1979 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he wrestles on the Raw brand as Darren Young .
He has competed in Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic independent promotions including Chaotic Wrestling , East Coast Wrestling Association , Independent Wrestling Federation and the National Wrestling Alliance .
In 1954 , Annan attended Mfantsipim School , an Methodist boarding school in central Ghana .
The Secretary-General says that the school taught him `` that suffering anywhere concerns people everywhere '' .
He was a Sloan Fellow at MIT in 1971 â `` 72 , getting a master 's degree in management .
Kofi Annan -LRB- born 8 April 1938 in Ghana -RRB- was the Secretary-General of the United Nations . His term began in 1 January 1997 and ended on 1 January 2007 .
Simulations often use computers or television .
Black Holes and Revelations is the fourth album from the British alternative rock band , Muse . It was released in 2006 .
Airlie Beach is a town in the Whitsunday Region of Queensland , Australia . At the 2006 census , Airlie Beach had a population of 2,751 .
Airlie Beach is a town in the Whitsunday Region of Queensland , Australia .
At the 2006 census , Airlie Beach had a population of 2,751 .
This shows how the Ford Mondeo has changed each generation .
Ford Mondeo is a car produced by Ford Motor Company since 1993 .
Harrisonburg is an independent city .
It had 40,468 people at the 2000 census .
The Kansasâ `` Nebraska Act of 1854 made the territories of Kansas and Nebraska .
Blyth was born in Muirkirk , Scotland . His father was a soccer player for Portsmouth , who had later become the manager from 1901 to 1904 .
Robert Roberts Taylor Blyth -LRB- 2 June 1900 -- 1956 -RRB- was a Scottish professional soccer player from the 1920s .
David Legwand -LRB- born August 17 , 1980 in Detroit , Michigan -RRB- is a professional American ice hockey center that currently plays for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Ben Thatcher -LRB- born 30 November 1975 -RRB- is an Welsh football player .
Grindel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Popejoy is a city of Iowa in the United States .
He is considered one of the pioneers of the now popular butterfly style .
Anthony James `` Tony O '' Esposito -LRB- born April 23 , 1943 in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario -RRB- is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender , who played in the National Hockey League , most notably for the Chicago Black Hawks .
It replaced several individual buildings dating from the Middle Ages and now fills an entire city block .
The landmark building got its name from the red clinker bricks with which it is covered .
The Red City Hall is the town hall of Berlin , located in the Mitte borough on RathausstraÃ e near Alexanderplatz .
The Neues Stadthaus , which survived the bombing and had been the head office of the Berlin city fire insurance company in ParochialstraÃ e was the temporary city hall for the post-war city government for all four sectors of Berlin until September 1948 .
The reconstructed Rotes Rathaus , then located in the Soviet sector , served as the town hall of East Berlin , while the Rathaus SchÃ neberg in SchÃ neberg borough was seat of the West Berlin Senate .
It is the home to the governing mayor and the government -LRB- the Senate of Berlin -RRB- of the Federal state of Berlin .
The Rathaus was built between 1861 and 1869 in the style of the north Italian High Renaissance by Hermann Friedrich Waesemann .
After German reunification , the administration of reunified Berlin officially moved into the Rotes Rathaus on 1 October 1991 .
It was modelled on the Old Town Hall of ToruÅ , now in Poland , while the architecture of the tower is reminiscent of the cathedral tower of Notre-Dame of Laon in France .
Following that time , it housed only those of the Soviet sector .
The building was heavily damaged by Allied bombing in World War II and rebuilt to the original plans between 1951 and 1956 .
Dillwyn is a town of Virginia in the United States .
Yorkshire Television is an ITV franchise based in Leeds . Yorkshire Television broadcasts to Yorkshire and Lincolnshire .
George Lionel Throssell -LRB- 23 May 1840 â `` 30 August 1910 -RRB- was the 2nd Premier of Western Australia from 15 February 1901 to 27 May 1901 .
West Bengal -LRB- Bengali : à à à à à à à à à à à -- à , à à 3\/4 à à -RRB- is a state in eastern Republic of India , and its capital is Kolkata .
Bangladesh is a country to the east of West Bengal
In 1947 Bengal , which was a province of India , was divided into West Bengal and East Bengal -LRB- which is now called Bangladesh -RRB- .
Christoph Metzelder -LRB- born 5 November 1980 in Haltern , Germany -RRB- is a German football player .
Calumet City is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Previously , Canada was home to the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary .
Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee -LRB- VANOC -RRB- .
The 2010 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games , were the Winter Olympics that were held in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada in 2010 .
The 2010 Winter Olympics is the third Olympics hosted by Canada , and the first by the province of British Columbia .
Saint-Georges-le-Fl Ã chard is a commune of 288 people -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok 's Gili Islands . It is the only one to rise notably above sea level .
Before they came to Gili Trawangan , the island was covered in forest and deer lived there .
Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok 's Gili Islands .
Some of the first people to live on Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi . They were fishermen and farmers .
For traveling to and from each of the Gilis , motorized boats and speedboats are used .
The economy of Gili Trawangan centres on tourism . The island is too small to support large amounts of agriculture .
Of the Gilis , Trawangan has the most tourist facilities . The pub TÃ r na NÃ g says that Trawangan is the smallest island in the world with an Irish pub .
The main means of transportation are bicycles -LRB- rented by the people who live on the island to tourists -RRB- and cidomo -LRB- a small horse pulled carriage -RRB- .
The most crowded part of Trawangan is on the eastern side .
On Gili Trawangan -LRB- as well as the other two Gilis -RRB- , there are no motorized vehicles .
It is made by reacting mercury with concentrated nitric acid ; dilute nitric acid would make mercury -LRB- I -RRB- nitrate .
After Neoptolemus died , Andromache married Helenus , and became Queen of Epirus .
Of Neoptolemus she had a child named Molossus .
The Baseball Hall of Fame is a museum in Cooperstown , New York that shows the history of baseball and some of the most famous baseball players and other people , especially in North America .
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
It was made on May 9 ; three weeks earlier than when the 2007 season was supposed to start . Andrea started from a non-tropical rain weather area off the coast of Daytona Beach , Florida .
The storm was also the first named storm to form in the month of May since Tropical Storm Arlene from the 1981 season .
After staying close to the same area , on May 10 , Andrea weakened into a subtropical depression after coming near to dry air and wind shear , and on the next day , the National Hurricane Center stopped looking at the storm and stopped giving out advisories .
Andrea was the first tropical storm to form before the official start of the season since Tropical Storm Ana from the 2003 season which formed on April 2003 .
Subtropical Storm Andrea was the first named storm and first subtropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
Tirich Mir -LRB- also called Terich Mir and Terichmir -RRB- is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan .
Intragna is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The units are now operated by First ScotRail , between Edinburgh Waverley and North Berwick .
Five 4-car units were built for the dedicated Stansted Express service from London Liverpool Street to Stansted Airport .
The British Rail Class 322 electric multiple units were built by BREL between 1988-90 .
Alismatales is an order of flowering plants .
A second family of gods , the Vanir , is also a part in the Norse mythology .
The Ã sir and Vanir were shown as near the same age as each other .
This group includes the god Njord and his children , Freyr and Freyja . These gods joined the Ã sir as hostages after a war between Ã sir and Vanir .
They include Odin , Frigg , Thor , Baldur and Tyr .
The Ã sir gods are usually connected with power and war .
The two groups of gods fought each other , made treaties , and traded hostages . Freyr and Freyja are were said to be hostages .
After the 1966 season the Yankees traded him to the Cardinals .
JosÃ Vicente SÃ nchez -LRB- born 8 October , 1956 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Arlington is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 395 people , 189 households , and 109 families residing in the city .
Marcelo Silva Ramos -LRB- born 25 June 1973 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Verneuil-sur-Serre is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Aetigkofen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Reggio Emilia is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy .
A governor is the leader of a state or a province .
In Pakistan the provincial governor is appointed by the President of Pakistan , acting as the ceremonial head of the provinces .
This is a list of Armenian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- clubs .
This template generates a link for finding data about a single -LRB- print or online -RRB- publication via its International Standard Serial Number -LRB- ISSN -RRB- .
Yohei Nishibe -LRB- born 1 December 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
For approximately fifteen years some cultural associations have offered courses in Leonese , sometimes with the support or collaboration of local administrations in the provinces of Leon and Zamora .
Leonese was the language of the Kingdom of LeÃ n in the Middle Ages .
The UNESCO in its Atlas of Languages in Danger in the World , places Leonese among languages in danger .
The language has a system with five vowels in a stressed position , represented by a , e , i , o , and u and three -LRB- two archiphonemes \/ I \/ , \/ U \/ and one phoneme \/ a \/ -RRB- in non-stressed position , represented by e , u , and a at the end of word .
The autonomous community of Castile and Leon has never collaborated in these courses , which in most cases have taken place in precarious conditions , without continuity or by unqualified teachers and , very often , far from the area where Leonese is spoken .
Kienberg is a municipality of the district of GÃ sgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
The Christmas Island Pipistrelle -LRB- Pipistrellus murrayi -RRB- was a species of vesper bat in the Vespertilionidae family .
It was thought to be the same as the Pipistrellus tenuis , but new research on the bat 's baculum , -LRB- a penis bone -RRB- , has shown that Pipistrellus murrayi is a different species .
It is a small bat weighing about 3 to 4.5 grams .
vistlip is a Japanese rock band . The band formed in 7th July , 2007 and is currently signed to Delfi Sound and Marvelous Entertainment .
Inferno Metal Festival is an annual extreme metal festival in Oslo , Norway .
Sidecar-Cross racing , also known as Sidecar Motocross , is a race that uses a different motorcycle chassis than regular motocross . It also uses a team of two people riding together , a `` driver '' and a `` passenger '' .
Sidecarcross is done on the same tracks as normal motocross , but the driver has to ride differently then when riding solo .
The passenger does much more work than the driver because he moves his whole body around all the time .
One of the most important things in sidecar racing is teamwork ; the best teams race together for many years .
The driver can not lean over in the turns . To make sure that the sidecar does not flip over , the passenger leans out of the sidecar when they are in the corners .
How much of a carcinogen a radiation is depends on the type of radiation , the type of exposure to it and its penetration .
Marie Curie , one of the pioneers of radioactivity , died of a cancer that was caused by the radiation she was exposed to during her experiments .
For example , alpha radiation has low penetration and is not a danger outside the body .
Not all types of electromagnetic radiation are carcinogenic .
Radio waves , microwave radiation , infrared radiation , and visible light are examples of this .
Higher-energy radiation , including ultraviolet radiation , usually is carcinogenic , if a person is exposed to it long enough .
Les Mujouls is a commune .
FrolÃ k was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks , along with Alexander Salak for Hugh Jessiman and David Pacan on February 9 , 2011 .
Michael FrolÃ k -LRB- born February 17 , 1988 in Kladno , Czechoslovakia -RRB- is a professional Czech ice hockey player that currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- as a center .
Pizmonim -LRB- Hebrew -- , singular pizmon -RRB- are Jewish songs and melodies sang to praise God .
LiÃ ge is located in the center of the golden triangle Paris - Amsterdam - Frankfurt that handle 66 % of the European freight , 75 % with London added .
LiÃ ge Airport , also called LiÃ ge-Bierset , is an important cargo airport in Belgium .
It is mainly used for freight operation but also serve more than 21 destinations for passengers -LRB- mainly charters -RRB- .
LiÃ ge Airport is the world hub of TNT Airways , and the European hub of CAL Cargo Air Lines , El Al Cargo and Ethiopian Cargo -LRB- using Southern Air aircrafts -RRB- .
The airport is also used as a regular refuelling stop on New York City - Middle East routes by Kalitta Air -LRB- including the Newark - Baghdad route for US mail -RRB- .
It was at the end of 2007 the 8th biggest cargo airport in Europe and the 38th biggest in the world .
The airport is located in the north-west of the city of LiÃ ge , in the east of Belgium .
Like many Egyptian writers and intellectuals , Mahfouz was on a `` death list '' by Islamic fundamentalists .
`` You could say , '' he later noted , `` that the one thing which most shook the security of my childhood was the 1919 revolution . ''
The Egyptian Revolution of 1919 had a strong effect on Mahfouz , although he was at the time only seven years old .
Before his death , Mahfouz was the oldest living Nobel Literature laureate and the third oldest of all time , only Bertrand Russell and Halldor Laxness were older .
He defended Salman Rushdie after the Iranian spiritual leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini condemned him to death , but later he criticized Rushdie 's Satanic Verses as `` insulting '' to Islam .
At the time of his death , he was the only Arabic-language writer to have won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Because of his outspoken support for Sadat 's Camp David peace treaty with Israel , his books were banned in many Arab countries until after he won the Nobel prize .
In his childhood Mahfouz read extensively .
His mother often took him to museums and Egyptian history later became a major theme in many of his books .
Mahfouz was born in the Gamaliya quarter of Cairo and was named after Professor Naguib Pasha Mahfouz -LRB- 1882-1974 -RRB- , the renowned Coptic physician who delivered him .
From the window he often saw English soldiers firing at the demonstrators , men and women .
Naguib Mahfouz -LRB- , NagÄ `` b Maá fÅ `` á `` -RRB- -LRB- December 11 , 1911 â `` August 30 , 2006 -RRB- was an Egyptian novelist who won the 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature and who managed to modernize Arabic literature .
He is one of the few writers of Arabic literature , who explored themes of existentialism .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Tin Ã e is a commune .
Nasir al-Mulk Mosque -LRB- Nasir ol molk -RRB- is a traditional mosque in Shiraz Iran .
JoÃ # o Carlos dos Santos -LRB- born 10 September 1972 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Magglio Jose `` Maggs '' OrdÃ Ã ez -LRB- b. January 28 , 1974 -RRB- is a Venezuelan Major League Baseball player . He is a right fielder and right-handed batter .
He played for the Chicago White Sox from 1997 to 2004 . He has played for the Detroit Tigers since 2005 .
Pim Verbeek -LRB- born 12 March 1956 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .
An answering machine -LRB- other names are answerphone , ansaphone , ansafone and Telephone Answering Device -LRB- TAD -RRB- -RRB- is a machine .
The University of Chicago and Cornell University both have reproductions of Christ Church 's dining hall .
As well as being a college , Christ Church is also the cathedral church of the diocese of Oxford , namely Christ Church Cathedral , Oxford .
More recently it has been used in the filming of the movies of J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series and also the film adaptation of Philip Pullman 's novel Northern Lights -LRB- the film bearing the title of the US edition of the book , The Golden Compass -RRB- .
Christ Church has produced thirteen British prime ministers . This is equal to the number produced by all 45 other Oxford colleges put together , and two short of the total number for the University of Cambridge -LRB- fifteen -RRB- .
Stained glass windows in the cathedral and other buildings are by the Pre-Raphaelite William Morris group with designs by Edward Burne-Jones .
The college is the setting for parts of Evelyn Waugh 's Brideshead Revisited , as well as Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
The college has admitted female students since 1978 .
Distinctive features of the college 's architecture have been used as models by a number of other academic institutions .
Christ Church Cathedral , New Zealand , after which the City of Christchurch is named , is itself named after Christ Church , Oxford .
For administrative purposes Mastung was separated from Kalat and made a new District in 1991 .
Prior to 1991 Mastung was part of Kalat District .
Mastung is a district located in the north west of Balochistan province .
In 1984 the city council changed the name of the local government area back to its original title of Derry .
But the City 's official title is still Londonderry .
Antonio De Torres Jurado -LRB- June 13 , 1817 â `` November 19 , 1892 -RRB- was a Spanish guitarist and guitar maker .
Cormoranche-sur-Sa Ã ne is a commune .
For administrative purposes , the district is divided into two sub-divisions , namely Gwadar and Pasni . These sub-divisions are further divided into tehsils and sub-tehsils .
Gwadar is the headquarters of Gwadar District .
Gwadar sub-division comprises two tehsils , named Gwadar and Jiwani , and one sub-tehsil named Suntsar . Pasni sub-division is divided into Pasni and Ormara tehsils .
Gwadar is the headquarters of Gwadar District . Previously it was one of 3 tehsils of Makran District before the district was upgraded to a division .
Gwadar was notified as a district on July 1 , 1977 when Makran Division was created and divided into three districts .
He is leader of the Pirate Party of Germany .
He was first elected party leader in May 2007 . In May 2008 he became deputy leader for one year , before he became re-elected leader of the party in July 2009 , and once more in May 2010 .
Seipenbusch was a founding member of his party . He studied physics at the University of MÃ 1\/4 nster .
Jens Seipenbusch -LRB- born 6 August 1968 -RRB- is a German politician and physicist .
Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Icing in ice hockey is a rule the happens when a player shoots the puck across at least two red lines , the other team 's goal line being the last , and the puck remains untouched but it is not icing if the player shoots the puck from behind the halfway line of the ice into the goal .
If the goal went into the net it would be counted as a goal .
There is also automatic or no-touch icing which is used mostly in lower-level professional hockey leagues like the ECHL and Central Hockey League , It was enforced in 1990 after LudÄ k Ä ajka , a Czech player rushed to get to the puck in an icing situation , he crashed into the boards , suffered severe spinal injuries , and died a few weeks later .
Colonial Heights is a city of Virginia in the United States .
These are the countries in Southeast Asia :
228 locomotives in the class were built by English Electric between 1957 and 1968 . The large number was partly to do with the failure of other early designs in the same power range , and reliable locomotives veing needed .
The locomotives were originally numbered D8000 â `` D8199 and D8300 â `` D8327 .
They are known by railway enthusiasts as `` Choppers '' , a name taken from the distinctive beat the engine produces under load which resembles the sound of a helicopter .
The British Rail Class 20 , also known as an English Electric Type 1 , is a class of diesel electric locomotive .
In 2007 , a new depot opened on Abbey Lane replacing the former premises on Abbey Park Road which go back to the company 's municipal heritage .
First Leicester is the trading name of Leicester Citybus Ltd. , a bus company owned by the First Group .
This site is now derelict pending redevelopment as apartments .
It runs buses in the city of Leicester England .
Mulberry is a city of Florida in the United States .
A baseball glove , or mitt , is a leather glove that baseball players use to catch a baseball that are hit by a batter or thrown by a fielder .
While catching in baseball was two handed , gloves grew to a size that made it easier to catch the ball in the webbing of the glove , and use the off-hand to keep it from falling out .
Before the mid 1890s , baseball gloves were worn normally by baseball players .
A glove is worn on the non-dominant hand , leaving the dominant hand for throwing the ball ; for example , a right-handed player would wear a glove on the left hand .
The shape and size of the baseball glove is decided by official baseball rules ; Section 1.00 , Objectives of the Game , defines limits of catcher 's , first baseman 's and fielder 's glove in parts 1.12 , 1.13 and 1.14 .
By convention , the type of glove that fits on the left hand is called a `` right-handed '' or `` RH '' glove .
This design soon became added to baseball gloves and webbed gloves were starting to be used by all baseball players .
In , Bill Doak , a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals , suggested that a web be placed between the first finger and the thumb in order to create a pocket .
Anna Fitzgerald 's older sister , Kate , suffers from acute promyelocytic leukemia , a cancer of the blood and bone marrow .
My Sister 's Keeper is a 2004 novel written by Jodi Picoult .
Set in Rhode Island , it tells the story of a 13-year-old girl named Anna Fitzgerald , a `` designer baby '' , who sues her parents so that they can no longer legally control her medical decisions once she learns expected to donate a kidney to her older sister Kate , who is dying from leukemia , cancer of the blood and bone marrow .
Once Anna is born , her umbilical chord blood was used in treatments for Kate to save her life .
Although the treatment was initially successful , Kate relapsed -LRB- became sick again -RRB- . Since then , Anna had been used as a donor for any other bodily substance needed to treat Kate , who continues to swing between remission and relapse as she grows up .
Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State .
The politics of Tamil Nadu have gone through three distinct phases since independence .
The British East India Company built a ` factory ' -LRB- warehouse -RRB- at Armagaon -LRB- Durgarazpatnam -RRB- , a village around 35 miles North of Pulicat , as the site in 1626 .
The Madras state was named Tamil Nadu -LRB- the land of the Tamils -RRB- in 1968 .
Ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka during the 1970s and the 80s saw large numbers of Sri Lankan Tamils fleeing to Tamil Nadu .
The next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the English .
The discontent in the various districts of the company territories exploded in 1857 into the Sepoy war .
Humans of the Neolithic period made their stone tools in finer shapes by grinding and polishing .
With the decline of the three ancient dynasties during the fourteenth century , the Tamil country became part of the Vijayanagara Empire .
The Tamil area had an independent existence outside the control of these northern empires .
There was no sectarian violence against various religions .
Some time about 300 CE , the whole region was upset by the appearance of the Kalabhras .
The Madras Presidency comprising of most of southern India including what is now Tamil Nadu , was created in the eighteenth century and was ruled directly by the British East India Company .
They gave the dead proper burials within urns or pits .
The government instituted a famine insurance grant , setting aside 1.5 million Rupees .
He is mentioned in a number of poems in the Sangam poetry .
After the close of the Sangam era , from about 300 to about 600 CE , there is an almost total lack of information regarding occurrences in the Tamil land .
The trauma of the partition did not impact Tamil Nadu when India was granted Independence in 1947 .
There had always been an atmosphere of mutual respect and peaceful coexistence between all religions in Tamil Nadu .
The seventh century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I. The Pallavas were not a recognized political power before the second century .
These occupiers were overthrown by the Pandyas and the Pallavas , who restored the kingdoms .
The material used by the early humans to make these tools were jasper , agate , flint , quartz , etc. .
Although the Company was becoming increasingly bold and ambitious in putting down resisting states , it was getting clearer day by day that the Company was incapable of governing the vast expanse of the captured territories .
C. Rajagopalachari -LRB- Rajaji -RRB- was the first Chief Minister .
During the third century BCE , the Deccan was part of the Mauryan kingdom , and from the middle of the first century BCE to second century CE the same area was ruled by the Satavahana dynasty .
The names of the three dynasties , Cholas , Pandyas , and Keralaputras or Cheras are mentioned in the Pillars of Ashoka -LRB- inscribed 273 -- 232 BCE -RRB- inscriptions , where they are mentioned among the kingdoms , which though not subject to Ashoka , were on friendly terms with him .
The ancestor of modern humans -LRB- Homo sapiens sapiens -RRB- who appeared around 50,000 years ago was more developed and could fabricate thinner flake tools and blade-like tools using a variety of stones .
The Neolithic humans lived mostly on small flat hills or on the foothills in small , more or less permanent settlements but for periodical migration for grazing purposes .
The Cholas , who came back from obscurity in the ninth century by defeating the Pallavas and the Pandyas , rose to become a great power and extended their empire over the entire southern peninsula .
The Chola kingdom under Parantaka I expanded to cover the entire Pandya country .
In Tamil Nadu , the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE .
In 1605 , the Dutch established trading posts in the Coromandel Coast near Gingee and in Pulicat .
Although the rebellion had a huge impact on the state of the colonial power in India , Tamil Nadu was mostly unaffected by it .
In 1949 , researchers found such microliths in Tirunelveli district .
They did not leave many artefacts or monuments .
The history of Tamil Nadu goes back to the early stone age . The region of Tamil Nadu -LRB- now one of the states in the south of India -RRB- has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times .
The Anglo-Mysore Wars of 1766 to 1799 , the Anglo-Maratha Wars of 1772 andPolygar Wars of 1800-1805 Dheeran chinnamalai , the Tamil king won three polygar wars against Britishers and at last he was hanged along with his two brothers .
He invaded Pallava kingdom in 903 and killed the Pallava king Aparajita in battle , ending the Pallava reign .
The population density was very low and so far only two localities of this lower Palaeolithic culture have been found in south India .
After some decades of expansion , the Pandya kingdom was large enough to pose a serious threat to the Pallava power .
Around 850 rose Vijayalaya , made use of an opportunity arising out of a conflict between Pandyas and Pallavas , captured Thanjavur and eventually established the imperial line of the medieval Cholas .
Humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
Ancient Tamil Nadu contained three monarchical states , headed by kings called Ventar and several tribal chieftaincies , headed by the chiefs called by the general denomination Vel or Velir .
One of these is in Attirampakkam valley in the northwest of Chennai in Tamil Nadu .
Pandya Cendan extended their rule to the Chera country .
The kingdom of the Cheras comprised of the modern state of Kerala , along the western or Malabar Coast of southern India .
Invasion by the Kalabhras during the third century disturbed the tradition , and order of the land by displacing the three traditional ruling dynasties .
After the fall of the Satavahanas , they began to get control over parts of Andhra and the Tamil country .
Congress formed the first ministry in the Madras Presidency .
His son Arikesari Parantaka Maravarman -LRB- c. 650 - 700 -RRB- had a long and prosperous rule .
The Pandya power continued to grow under Srimara and encroached further into the Pallava territories .
Their proximity to the sea favored trade with Africa .
The Pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of Narasimhavarman I and Pallavamalla Nandivarman II .
He fought many battles and extended the Pandya power .
Pandya Kadungon -LRB- 560 - 590 -RRB- is credited with the overthrow of the Kalabhras in the south .
These people are described in later literature as ` evil rulers ' who overthrew the established Tamil kings and got a strangle hold of the country .
The Iron Age culture in peninsular India is marked by Megalithic burial sites , which are found in several hundreds of places .
Karikala Chola was the most famous early Chola .
Archaeological research has uncovered evidence of fossil remains of animals and primitive stone implements around the northern Tamil Nadu that could be dated to belong to around 300,000 BCE .
From about 10,000 years ago , humans made still smaller tools called Microlithic tools .
Under this empire the Telugu speaking Nayak governors ruled the Tamil land .
Vijayalaya revived the Chola dynasty and his son Aditya I helped establish their independence .
Rapid changes in the political situation of the rest of India occurred due to the incursions of Muslim armies from the northwest marked a turning point in the history of Tamil Nadu .
Failure of the summer monsoons and administrative shortcomings of the Ryotwari system resulted in a severe famine in the Madras Presidency during 1876 - 1877 .
This phase lasted until towards the end of the 1990s .
The prehistoric period during which the Palaeolithic civilisations existed in the Tamil Nadu region has been estimated to span the period from about 50,000 BCE until around 3000 BCE .
For most part of the lower Palaeolithic stage , humans lived close to river valleys with sparse forest cover or in grassland environments .
European settlements began to appear in the Tamil country during the Vijayanagara Empire .
The domination of the Congress Party after 1947 gave way to the Dravidian populist mobilisation in the 1960s .
The brief appearance of the Marathas gave way to the European trading companies , who began to appear during the seventeenth century and eventually assumed greater sway over the indigenous rulers of the land .
Beck , Bogert & Appice was a hard rock power trio formed by Jeff Beck , Tim Bogert , and Carmine Appice .
This process is called hematopoiesis -LRB- = blood growth -RRB- .
In the circulatory system they move from lymph node to lymph node .
A low normal to low absolute lymphocyte count is found with infections after surgery or trauma .
After they mature , the lymphocytes enter the circulation and lymphoid organs -LRB- e.g. the spleen and lymph nodes -RRB- where they are able to sense invading pathogens and tumor cells .
B cells mature into B lymphocytes in the bone marrow , while T cells migrate to and mature in a distinct organ , called the thymus .
Throughout the lifetime of an animal , these cells will ` remember ' each specific pathogen encountered , and are able to make a strong response if the pathogen is detected again .
The function of T cells and B cells is to recognize foreign antigens .
The effects of other virus or lymphocyte disorders can also often be estimated by counting the numbers of lymphocytes present in the blood .
Natural killer cells can tell the difference between infected cells , tumors , and normal cells . They recognize changes in the level of a surface molecule called MHC -LRB- major histocompatibility complex -RRB- class I.
Human immunodeficiency virus -LRB- HIV -RRB- infects and destroys T cells .
Natural killer -LRB- NK -RRB- cells are a part of the immune system a person is born with . They protect the organism from tumors and from cells infected by viruses .
All lymphocytes come from a common basic lymphocyte cell before differentiating into their distinct lymphocyte types .
Mammalian stem cells change or differentiate into several kinds of blood cell within the bone marrow .
Once they are made active , B cells and T cells produce memory cells .
Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present . Other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules which cause the death of infected cells .
This contrasts with macrophages , which are rather stationary in the nodes .
T cells -LRB- thymus cells -RRB- and B cells -LRB- bone cells -RRB- are the main cells of the adaptive immune response .
When white blood cells are counted , the lymphocyte count is the percentage of lymphocytes present .
Other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules which cause the death of infected cells .
The extent of HIV progression is found by measuring the percentage of CD4 + T cells in the patient 's blood .
The NK cells then release cytotoxic -LRB- cell-killing -RRB- granules which then destroy the altered cells .
An increase in lymphocyte concentration is usually a sign of a viral infection -LRB- in some rare case , leukemias are found through an abnormally high lymphocyte count in an otherwise normal person -RRB- .
Without the key defense that these T cells provide , the body becomes prone to infections that otherwise would not affect healthy people .
QuiestÃ de is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
In 1911 , the world 's first geothermal power plant was built in the Valle del Diavolo -LRB- `` Devil 's Valley '' -RRB- , named for the boiling water in the area .
It was a small generator that lit four light bulbs .
Larderello is a frazione of the comune of Pomarance , in Tuscany in central Italy .
Later , in 1911 , the world 's first geothermal power plant was built there .
Prince Piero Ginori Conti tested the first geothermal power generator on 4 July 1904 , at the Larderello dry steam field in Italy .
Some regard sexual conflict as a subset of sexual selection -LRB- which was traditionally regarded as mutualistic -RRB- , while others suggest it is a separate evolutionary phenomenon .
It has primarily been studied in animals , though it can in principle apply to any sexually reproducing organism , such as plants and fungi .
The conflict can lead to an evolutionary arms race between males and females .
AmbÃ rieu-en-Bugey is a commune .
Lebanon Junction is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
The Swedish Wikipedia -LRB- In Swedish : SvensksprÃ kiga Wikipedia -RRB- is the Swedish-language edition of Wikipedia .
Indiana 's best known image is the word love in upper-case letters , arranged in a square with a tilted letter O. This image was first created for a Christmas card for the Museum of Modern Art in 1964 .
Robert Indiana -LRB- born as Robert Clark in New Castle , Indiana on September 13 , 1928 -RRB- is an American artist . He is known for being a part of the pop art movement .
Indiana 's work often has bold , simple , iconic images , especially numbers and short words like `` EAT '' , `` HUG '' , and `` LOVE '' .
It was put on an eight-cent US Postal Service postage stamp in 1973 , the first of their regular series of `` love stamps . ''
An Indiana sculpture showing the Hebrew word for love -LRB- ahava -RRB- is displayed at The Israel Museum in Jerusalem , Israel .
Welles also made the movie Citizen Kane in 1941 .
Ilonse is a commune .
In classical economics it is considered one of three factors of production , the other two being capital and labor ; income that one gets because of ownership or control of natural resources is often referred to as rent .
Wallins Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
He was the son of Henry James Senior , a clergyman , and the brother of William and Alice James .
The Maui Hesperomannia -LRB- Hesperomannia arbuscula -RRB- is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
It is in danger due to the loss of its natural area of habitat .
Goualade is a commune .
Takashi Kitano -LRB- born 4 October 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Omiya Ardija .
Ismael Urzaiz -LRB- born 7 October 1971 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Playground slides are slides for children to play on in playgrounds .
The child climbs up a ladder or some stairs , then sits down at the top and slides all the way down . Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs .
He also conducted the controversial `` Little Albert '' experiment .
John Broadus Watson -LRB- January 9 , 1878 â `` September 25 , 1958 -RRB- was an American psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , after doing research on animal behavior .
In a phrase , the main word , or the word that is what the phrase is about , is called the head .
The law of conservation of energy has therefore been extended to become the Law of conservation of matter and energy .
Energy can not be made or destroyed .
When energy changes from one form to another , the amount of energy stays the same .
When energy changes from one form to another , the amount of energy stays the same . Energy can not be made or destroyed .
Energy is something that can do work .
Energy can not be made or destroyed . This rule is called the `` conservation law of energy '' .
Potato , rice , wheat , and maize are major sources of starch in the human diet .
The structural components of plants are formed primarily from cellulose .
Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin .
Starches are insoluble in water .
They tend to be amorphous , insoluble in water , and have no sweet taste .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases .
Wood is largely cellulose and lignin , while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
Cellulose is a polymer made with repeated glucose units .
Humans and many other animals do not digest cellulose .
Humans and other animals have amylases , so they can digest starches .
By 1453 , Uccello was married to Tomassa Malifici . In that year she gave birth to Donato who was named after the sculptor Donatello .
The Vostok 1 was launched by the Soviet space program and made by the Soviet rocket scientists Sergey Korolyov and Kerim Kerimov .
It took into space Yuri Gagarin , a cosmonaut from the Soviet Union .
It used a Vostok 3KA spacecraft , and was launched on April 12 , 1961 .
Angela appears in Top Spin 2 which is for the Xbox 360 , Nintendo Game Boy , and Nintendo DS .
Angela 's current racquet is believed to be the Babolat Pure Storm .
Angela 's clothes are made by Adidas .
Her racquets are made by Babolat .
Angela is currently ranked World No. 157 , race-singles World No. 120 and World No. 171 in doubles as of November 7 , 2009 .
Angela likes to wear bandanas while playing .
Haynes ' brother , Dontia Haynes , who used to be a San Diego State University tennis player ranked among the top 100 ranked collegiate tennis players in the United States , died 23 September , 2005 .
Angela Haynes -LRB- born September 27 , 1984 in Bellflower , California -RRB- is a professional tennis player from the United States .
Haynes 's top WTA singles ranking is World No. 95 which she got in August , 2005 .
Interstate H-3 is a highway in the American state of Hawaii . It begins at the Halawa Interchange with Interstates H-1 and H-201 .
The highway then runs along a viaduct through Halawa Valley for about 6 miles . It then goes through the Tetsuo Harano Tunnels through the Koolau Mountains .
Once on the eastern end of the tunnel , the highway follows a viaduct built along the side of Haiku Valley until the Kaneohe Interchange with state route 63 -LRB- Likelike Highway -RRB- which leads into the town of Kaneohe .
Italy won the trophy after beating Germany in the final .
The 1982 FIFA World Cup was a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- sporting event that was held in Spain in 1982 .
The upper 16 km -LRB- 10 miles -RRB- of the Earth 's crust is composed of about 95 % igneous rocks with only a thin , widespread covering of sedimentary and metamorphic rocks .
Igneous rock is one of the three main rock types , the others being sedimentary and metamorphic rock .
Igneous rocks are rocks formed from molten magma .
Brett Emerton -LRB- born 22 February 1979 -RRB- is an Australian football player . He plays for Blackburn Rovers and Australia national team .
Berzy-le-Sec is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Oars mounted on the side of ships for steering are documented from the 3rd millennium BCE in Persia and Ancient Egypt in artwork , wooden models , and even parts of actual boats of that times .
Midhurst is a town in West Sussex , England . In 2001 there were 4,889 people living in Midhurst .
LaignÃ is a commune of 674 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
The song can also be found as a hidden track on international editions of the singer 's second solo studio album , B ` Day -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .
It was released as the first single from the film 's soundtrack album on December 5 , 2006 in the United States and on was released in the United Kingdom on February 19 , 2007 .
Listen is a song performed by American R&B singer-songwriter BeyoncÃ Knowles in the 2006 film Dreamgirls .
Radymno is a town and commune in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in JarosÅ aw district , Poland . Between 1975 â `` 1998 town was in Przemyskie Voivodeship .
BiÃ vres is a commune .
Almost 800 specimens were illustrated by the artist Sydney Parkinson and appear in Banks ' Florilegium , finally published in 35 volumes between 1980 and 1990 .
The voyage then went to Tahiti -LRB- where the transit of Venus was observed , the purpose of the mission -RRB- , to New Zealand and to the east coast of Australia , where Cook mapped the coastline and made landfall at Botany Bay and at Endeavour River -LRB- near modern Cooktown -RRB- in Queensland , where they spent seven weeks ashore while the ship was repaired after damage on the Great Barrier Reef .
Banks took part in Captain James Cook 's first great voyage from 1768 to 1771 .
About 80 species of plants are named after Banks .
Banks discovered and collected Eucalyptus , Acacia , Mimosa , and Banksia .
While they were in Australia Banks , Solander and SpÃ ring made the first collection of Australian plants , describing many that were new to science .
Sir Joseph Banks , 1st Baronet , GCB , PRS -LRB- 13 February 1743 -- 19 June 1820 -RRB- was an English naturalist , botanist and patron of the natural sciences .
In 1766 Banks was elected to the Royal Society , and in the same year he accompanied Phipps to Newfoundland and Labrador to study their natural history .
He made his name by publishing the first Linnean descriptions of the plants and animals of Newfoundland and Labrador .
They are also called ginger ants and tropical fire ants .
Fire ants are stinging ants .
GÃ raudot is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
MickaÃ `` l Landreau -LRB- born 14 May 1979 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Lille .
Some call them China 's `` lost generation . ''
Famous authors who have written about their experiences during the movement include Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo , Jiang Rong and Zhang Chengzhi , both of whom went to Inner Mongolia .
During the Cultural Revolution , anti-bourgeois thinking was very common . Mao Zedong said that richer youth from the cities would be sent to mountains or farming villages so they could learn from the workers and farmers there .
The Down to the Countryside Movement was a government plan in the People 's Republic of China in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Many fresh high school graduates were forced out of the cities . They had to stay in far away areas of China .
Abel Braga -LRB- born 1 September , 1952 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Because the closure itself has a reference to , it can use that variable each time calls it .
-LRB- define -LRB- best-selling-books threshold -RRB- -LRB- filter -LRB- lambda -LRB- book -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- = -LRB- book-sales book -RRB- threshold -RRB- -RRB- book-list -RRB- -RRB-
secret-message msg -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- set !
Note : Some speakers call any data structure that binds a lexical environment a closure , but the term usually refers specifically to functions .
Because the closure in this case outlives the scope of the function that creates it , the variables and live on after the function returns .
In this example , the function named gradient forms a closure together with the variables f and dx . This closure is then returned by the outer function named derivative .
-LRB- let -LRB- -LRB- secret-message `` none '' -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- set !
\/ \/ Return a function that approximates the derivative of f \/ \/ using an interval of dx , which should be appropriately small .
When the lambda expression is evaluated , Scheme creates a closure consisting of the code for the lambda and a reference to the variable , which is a free variable inside the lambda .
The term closure is often mistakenly used to mean anonymous function .
This is probably because most languages implementing anonymous functions allow them to form closures and programmers are usually introduced to both concepts at the same time .
Closures typically appear in languages in which functions are first-class values -- in other words , such languages allow functions to be passed as arguments , returned from function calls , bound to variable names , etc. , just like simpler types such as strings and integers .
The closure is then passed to the function , which calls it repeatedly to determine which books are to be added to the result list and which are to be discarded .
The keyword is used here instead of , and an method instead of a global function , but otherwise the structure and the effect of the code are the same .
In this example , the lambda expression appears within the function .
These are however different concepts .
A function may create a closure and return it . The following example is a function that returns a function .
The concept of closures was developed in the 1960s and was first fully implemented as a language feature in the programming language Scheme .
In languages without closures , the lifetime of a local variable coincides with the execution of the scope where that variable is declared .
bar -LRB- lambda secret-message -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
function bestSellingBooks -LRB- threshold -RRB-
\/ \/ Return a list of all books with at least ` threshold ' copies sold .
foo -LRB- lambda -LRB- msg -RRB- -LRB- set !
In languages with closures , variables must continue to exist as long as any existing closures have references to them .
Mexico and South Korea were the only other countries with economies that are like the BRICs . But O'Neill did n't include these countries because they were considered already more developed , as they were already members of the OECD .
When people write about these countries , they usually write BRICs or the BRIC countries '' ' .
The acronym was invented by Jim O'Neill , an economist who worked for Goldman Sachs . In 2001 , he wrote an article that he called `` Building Better Global Economic BRICs '' .
BRIC is used to talk about the countries of Brazil , Russia , India and China . Many economists think that all these countries are at a similar stage of economic development .
Harold Robbins -LRB- born Harold Rubin -RRB- -LRB- May 21 , 1916 -- October 14 , 1997 -RRB- was an American author .
MÃ thamis is a commune of 397 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Saint-Martin-sur-Lavezon is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Regina is the capital city of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .
In the mid-1940s , Genet met Jean Cocteau .
Between 1955 and 1961 Genet wrote three more plays .
Genet developed throat cancer and died on April 15 , 1986 in Paris .
By 1949 Genet had completed five novels , three plays and numerous poems .
Early in his life he was a vagabond -LRB- homeless person -RRB- and petty criminal .
In 1964 , Genet entered a period of depression and attempted suicide .
Cocteau helped Genet to publish his novel .
In 1950 , Genet directed a film called Un Chant d'Amour , which showed fantasies about prison life .
Later in life , Genet wrote novels , plays , poems , and essays , including Querelle , The Thief 's Journal , Our Lady of the Flowers , The Balcony , The Blacks and The Maids .
It is kept very carefully , and sometimes shown to the public in the library next to the Mappa Mundi .
The cathedral is a Grade I listed building .
Hereford Cathedral is a church in the town of Hereford . The present building was started in 1079 .
The most famous treasure in Hereford Cathedral is the Mappa Mundi , a mediÃ val map of the world dating from the 13th century .
Packwood is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Naoto Sakurai -LRB- born 2 September 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Keiji Ishizuka -LRB- born 26 August 1974 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The capital of the county is Shemiranat .
Shemiranat County -LRB- Persian : Ø Ù
The Prime Minister of Israel is the head of the Israeli government and is the most powerful political officer in Israel .
This legal prohibition extends to any sort of LGBT-human rights organization .
LGBT human rights are not respected in the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , and there appears to be no organized movement to advance such human rights .
BPC Section â `` 377A .
And such acts of homosexuality will lead to life in prison , or even face the death penalty .
Explanation : â Penetration is sufficient to constitute the carnal intercourse necessary to the offence described in this section .
Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man , woman or animal , shall be punished with imprisonment for life , or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years , and shall also be liable to fine .
According to Section 377A of BPC , adult homosexual sex acts are illegal and will be punished with deportation , fines and\/or up to 10 years , sometimes life imprisonment .
PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Time and PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Darkness are a the sequel to the PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team games .
It was released in Japan on September 13 , 2007 , in North America on April 20 , 2008 , in Europe on July 4 , 2008 and in Australia on June 19 , 2008 .
PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Time and PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Explorers of Darkness are a the sequel to the PokÃ mon Mystery Dungeon : Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team games . It was released in Japan on September 13 , 2007 , in North America on April 20 , 2008 , in Europe on July 4 , 2008 and in Australia on June 19 , 2008 .
The church is important for what is called the Stone-Campbell Restoration Movement or the American Restoration Movement , which wanted to re-unite the different Christian Churches .
The Evangelical Christian Church in Canada , also called Christian Disciples is an evangelical Christian denomination .
Some of Harvard 's graduate schools are in Boston , but most of Harvard 's schools are in Cambridge .
Together , these schools are Harvard University .
Five years later , a children 's clinic was added .
Her lifelong friend Dorothy Burlingham and several other members of the Freud family also rest there .
Her work emphasized the importance of the ego and its ability to be trained socially .
She was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium and her ashes placed in a marble shelf next to her parents ' ancient Greek funeral urn .
In 1947 , Freud and Kate Friedlaender established the Hampstead Child Therapy Courses .
During the war , Freud studied the effect of deprivation of parental care on children .
At Yale Law School , she taught seminars on crime and the family .
From the 1950s until the end of her life Freud traveled regularly to the United States to lecture , teach and visit friends .
During the 1970s she was concerned with the problems of emotionally deprived and socially disadvantaged children .
Here the children got foster care , with mothers encouraged to visit as often as possible .
Freud started lecturing on child psychology .
Anna Freud -LRB- 3 December 1895 â `` 9 October 1982 -RRB- was the sixth and last child of Sigmund and Martha Freud .
Freud died in London on 9 October 1982 .
She set up a center for young war victims , called `` The Hampstead War Nursery '' .
With Melanie Klein , she may be considered the founder of psychoanalytic child psychology . As her father put it , child analysis had received a powerful impetus through `` the work of Frau Melanie Klein and of my daughter , Anna Freud '' .
Vacallo is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
It is the county seat of Sumter County .
Bushnell is a city of Florida in the United States .
Bairdâ s Tapir -LRB- Tapirus bairdii -RRB- is a species of tapir that is native to Central America and northern South America . It is one of three Latin American species of tapir .
It is one of three Latin American species of tapir .
Bairdâ s Tapir is found in the dense jungles of Central America , including southeastern Mexico , Belize , Guatemala , Honduras , Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Panama , Colombia , and Ecuador .
Bairdâ s Tapir -LRB- Tapirus bairdii -RRB- is a species of tapir that is native to Central America and northern South America .
A symphonic poem or tone poem is a piece of orchestral music which has a story attached to it or describes something such as poem or a painting or any idea which is not music .
Dormice are Old World mammals in the family Gliridae , part of the rodent -LRB- Rodentia -RRB- order .
-LRB- This family is also variously called Myoxidae or Muscardinidae by different taxonomists -RRB- .
Delray is a neighborhood in the city of Detroit in the United States .
James Hugh Calum Laurie is an English actor , musician and writer who was born on 11 June 1959 in Oxford .
The Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs , commonly referred to as the Deputy National Security Advisor , is a member of the Executive Office of the President of the United States , serving as deputy to the President 's National Security Advisor .
Among other responsibilities , the Deputy National Security Advisor serves as Executive Secretary to the National Security Council Principals Committee , and as Chairman of the National Security Council Deputies Committee .
Yvelines is a department located in the center of France in the Ã le-de-France region .
The mill was built in 1861 , and purchased by brothers Charles and Frederick Schwamb in 1864 for the manufacture of picture frames .
Two wings were added during this time , however : one by 1881 , and the other between that date and 1898 .
The Old Schwamb Mill is the oldest continuously operating mill site in the United States .
The current mill is a 19th-century woodworking factory .
It remained within the family 's ownership and continued to operate , more or less unchanged in both equipment and processes , until 1969 .
There has been a mill operating at this site since c. 1650 .
The current holder of the Prince of Wales Trophy is the Philadelphia Flyers after defeating the Montreal Canadiens in the 2010 Eastern Conference finals .
With the Modern Era expansion in the 1967 â `` 68 season and the creation of the West Division , the Wales Trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the East Division during the regular season .
From 1927 â `` 28 onwards it was awarded to the champion of the NHL American Division while the O'Brien Trophy was awarded to the NHL Canadian Division . It was then repurposed to being the trophy for the overall regular season champion in the 1938-39 NHL season when the NHL reverted to a single division .
However , a traditional superstition that is prevalent among many of today 's NHL players is that no player should either touch or hoist the Wales Trophy -LRB- or the Western Conference 's trophy , the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl -RRB- when they have won the conference playoffs as the Eastern Conference champions . Players feel that the Stanley Cup is the only true championship trophy and thus it should be the only trophy that should be hoisted .
After the WHL folded and the Stanley Cup was awarded only to the NHL playoff champion , the Prince of Wales Trophy was awarded to the regular season champion .
The trophy was first established in the 1923-24 NHL season , for the champion of the NHL playoffs , but it has been the trophy for eight different accomplishments , which also include being the NHL regular season champions , American Division regular season champions , regular season champions , East Division regular season champions , Wales Conference regular season champions , Wales Conference playoffs champions , and Eastern Conference playoffs champions .
When the league formed two conferences in the season of 1974 â `` 75 , the award was transferred to the team that finished with the best regular-season record in the Wales Conference . Starting with the 1981 â `` 82 campaign , when the league changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , the trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions , and since the 1993 â `` 94 season , the Eastern Conference playoff champions have won the award .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , or simply the Wales Trophy , is a National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- trophy awarded to the Eastern Conference -LRB- formerly the Wales Conference -RRB- playoff champions .
It was first presented to the playoff champion of the NHL -LRB- replacing the O'Brien Trophy -RRB- who then went on to face the Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- champion for the Stanley Cup .
Starting with the 1981 â `` 82 campaign , when the league changed its playoff format so that the two teams meeting in the Stanley Cup finals could no longer come from the same conference , the trophy was presented to the Wales Conference playoff champions , and since the 1993 â `` 94 season , the Eastern Conference playoff champions have won the award .
The Prince of Wales Trophy , or simply the Wales Trophy , is a National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- trophy awarded to the Eastern Conference -LRB- formerly the Wales Conference -RRB- playoff champions . The trophy is awarded prior to the final series which are the championship games to decide the winner for the Stanley Cup against the Western Conference 's champions .
The Kansas City Royals is a Major League Baseball team based in Kansas City , Missouri .
From 1973 to the present , the Royals have played in Kauffman Stadium .
The team won a World Series title in 1985 .
Daniel Agger -LRB- born 12 December 1984 -RRB- is a Danish football player . He plays for Liverpool and Denmark national team .
Kyrgyzstan -LRB- Kyrgyz : Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 1\/2 -RRB- , formally the Kyrgyz Republic , and sometimes known as Kirghizia , is a country in Central Asia .
Robert Jordan -LRB- October 17 , 1948 - September 16 , 2007 -RRB- was the pen or writing name of the American fantasy author James Oliver Rigney Jr. .
The Unraveling is the debut album by the American punk rock band Rise Against . Released on April 24 , 2001 and produced by punk producer Mass Giorgini .
It is the only Rise Against studio album where frontman Tim McIlrath does only lead vocals and does not play guitar .
Today , the Comanche Nation has 10,000 members , about all of them live in Oklahoma -LRB- centered at Lawton -RRB- , and the rest in Texas , California , and New Mexico .
The Comanche speak a language of their own , the Comanche language that is related to other Native American ones , called Uto-Aztecan language family .
Today , the Comanche Nation has 10,000 members , about all of them live in Oklahoma -LRB- centered at Lawton -RRB- , and the rest in Texas , California , and New Mexico . The Comanche speak a language of their own , the Comanche language that is related to other Native American ones , called Uto-Aztecan language family .
Steckborn is a municipality and the capital city of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Probably in the 800s , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of Reichenau .
Please remember that time spent on the Simple English Wikipedia and number of edits made , do not show the quality of an editor 's work , or how useful they are as a member of the community .
It is done strictly by counting the time you have been an editor and number of edits .
Unlike other awards which are only given by one editor to another , these awards can be given to yourself , though they can also be given by another editor .
Service awards also do not show any level of authority . Senior editors have no more authority than `` novice '' editors .
There is no special process for getting these awards . You decide which one you are eligible for , and place it on your user page .
Queen of Sheba , or , Queen Sheba is a queen who ruled over the ancient kingdom of Sheba , and comes out in the Bible and the Qur ` an .
Airways : The state has four important airports and 23 air strips .
It 's total length is 8,546 km -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . It has the sixth largest railway density .
They are in Agra , Kanpur , Lucknow and Varanasi .
There are two hypsographical regions : -
Uttar Pradesh borders Nepal and the Indian states of Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh , Haryana , Delhi , Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Bihar .
Cities of Kanpur , Lucknow , Bareilly , Allahabad , Varanasi , Jhansi , Gorakhpur , Noida , Ghaziabad , Meerut , Mathura , Agra and Ghazipur are connected to many National Highways .
Snowfall : In the Himalayan region of the State it usually snows from 3 to 5 metres -LRB- 10 to15 feet -RRB- between December and March .
Railways : Almost all the major cities and even some smaller cities are linked .
It has the seventh highest road density in the India -LRB- 1,027 km per 1000 km2 in 2002 -RRB- . It also has the largest surfaced urban road network in the country -LRB- 50,721 km , as on 2002 -RRB- .
Lucknow is the biggest and most important airport of the state .
The highest temperature recorded in the State was 49.9 Â C -LRB- 121.8 Â F -RRB- . It was at Gonda on May 8 , 1958 .
Waterways : The river Ganges - from Allahabad -LRB- Uttar Pradesh -RRB- to Haldia -LRB- West Bengal -RRB- - has been declared as National Waterway -LRB- NW -RRB- - I and 600 km of the total NW-I lies in Uttar Pradesh .
There are 31 National Highways -LRB- NH -RRB- . In total they are of 4,942 km -LRB- 8.5 % of total NH length in India -RRB- .
Roadways : The state has largest road network in the country . The biggest is Maharashtra .
A hierarchy -LRB- in Greek : Î Î Ï Î Ï Ï Î Î ; this comes from Î Î Ï Ï Ï - hieros , sacred , and Î Ï Ï Ï - arkho , rule -RRB- is a way of ranking and organizing things or people . Beneath the top of the hierarchy , each part of it is below some other part .
A hierarchy -LRB- in Greek : Î Î Ï Î Ï Ï Î Î ; this comes from Î Î Ï Ï Ï - hieros , sacred , and Î Ï Ï Ï - arkho , rule -RRB- is a way of ranking and organizing things or people .
Ã dson Boaro -LRB- born 3 July , 1959 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Yuji Okuma -LRB- born 19 January 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Yushi Soda -LRB- born 5 July 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He has played for Consadole Sapporo .
PredeÅ ti is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
The Volkswagen Polo Mk4 is the fourth generation of the small car Volkswagen Polo .
The DOI system has a DOI resolution system which is used to locate where the document is . When the document is moved , the DOI resolution system is updated with the new location of the document .
The DOI system has a DOI resolution system which is used to locate where the document is .
A digital object identifier -LRB- or DOI -RRB- is a permanent way of identifying a document , which is not related to its current location .
Manabu Wakabayashi -LRB- born 3 June 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tochigi Uva .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals .
Proctor Silex Co. was created in 1960 with the merger of Proctor Electric and Silex Corporation .
In 1990 Proctor Silex merged with Hamilton Beach .
Pommera is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
He led two resistance movements against the Canadian government and its first Prime Minister , Sir John A. Macdonald .
Louis David Riel -LRB- 22 October 1844 -- 16 November 1885 , in English -RRB- was a Canadian politician . He founded the province of Manitoba and was a leader of the MÃ tis people of the Canadian prairies .
He is regarded by many as a Canadian folk hero today .
Riel tried to preserve MÃ tis rights and culture .
Tetsuya Abe -LRB- born 24 June 1983 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Liz Carpenter , her fellow from the University of Texas , served as Lady Birdâ s press secretary from 1963 until 1969 .
She was the first First Lady to have a press secretary .
Kentaro Yoshida -LRB- born 5 October 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Monestier is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
The Formula One World Constructors ' Championship -LRB- WCC -RRB- is awarded the most successful constructor of the year .
For the purposes of the Championship , different combinations of car makes and engines are different constructors .
Constructors ' Championship points are awarded by adding the points scored in each race by all the drivers for that constructor .
The Constructors ' Championship was first awarded in 1958 , to Vanwall .
For most seasons up until 1979 , a constructor was awarded only the points from the highest-scoring driver in each race .
Scientific understanding of Iguanodon has evolved over time as new information has been obtained from the fossils .
As one of the first scientifically well-known dinosaurs , Iguanodon has occupied a small but notable place in the public 's perception of dinosaurs , its artistic representation changing significantly in response to new interpretations of its remains .
Discovered in 1822 and described three years later by English geologist Gideon Mantell , Iguanodon was the second dinosaur formally named , after Megalosaurus .
The taxonomy of the genus continues to be a topic of study as new species are named or long-standing ones reassigned to other genera .
A large , bulky herbivore , Iguanodon is in the same family as the duck-billed hadrosaurs .
Together with Megalosaurus and Hylaeosaurus , it was one of the three genera originally used to define Dinosauria .
The numerous specimens of this genus , including nearly complete skeletons from two well-known bonebeds , have allowed researchers to make informed hypotheses regarding many aspects of the living animal , including feeding , movement , and social behavior .
Halloy , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Moussy-Verneuil is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Jackson is an American city in the state of Wyoming . It is located in Teton County .
The population as of 2000 is 8,647 .
Le Mesnil-Simon , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Winger , in hockey , is a forward position of a player who is on either side of the center forward , often along the playing area .
At first , the name was given to forward players who went up and down the sides of the rink .
Aldair -LRB- born 30 November 1965 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The Woolly Flying Squirrel -LRB- Eupetaurus cinereus -RRB- is a sqirrel . It is the only species of the genus Eupetaurus .
It is the longest member of the family Sciuridae and the most massive gliding animal known , but observations confirm that despite its size , it does glide effectively like other flying squirrels .
However , recent research has confirmed that it is still extant in Pakistan-administered Kashmir -LRB- P.A. K -RRB- .
Until recently scientific knowledge of this rare species was limited to 11 skins collected in the late nineteenth century .
The term can refer to a training place for any of the Japanese arts but it is considered the formal gathering place for students of a martial arts style to train , take exams and fight .
Christine SchÃ 1\/4 rrer , -LRB- born 30 June 1976 in Hannover -RRB- is a German criminal . On March 17 , 2008 , she murdered two Swedish children and seriously injured their mother after attacking them in their Arboga , Sweden home .
Curry first came from India .
In the United States and the rest of Canada , a tutor is known as a teaching assistant .
In English and Irish secondary schools , form tutors are similar to American home room teachers . They are in charge of a group of students in a particular year group .
In British , Australian , New Zealand , and some Canadian universities , a tutor is often but not always a postgraduate student or a lecturer who conducts a seminar for undergraduate students . These seminars are often known as a tutorial .
Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in the prostate , a gland in the male reproductive system .
Wiesenbronn is a village in the Kitzingen district of Bavaria .
Dunedin is a city of Florida in the United States .
Yukio Shimomura -LRB- born January 1932 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
This is useful for creating space for new operating systems , reorganising hard disk usage , copying data between hard disks , and disk imaging .
It was written by Andrew Clausen and Lennert Buytenhek .
GNU Parted is a free computer program for creating , destroying , resizing , checking , and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
GParted is a graphical program using the parted libraries .
It is often included as utility on many live CD distributions to make partitioning easier .
The term fortification comes from the Latin words fortis -LRB- `` strong '' -RRB- and facere -LRB- `` to make '' -RRB- .
Many military installations are known as forts , although they are not always fortified .
People have constructed defensive works for many thousands of years , but the designs have become more and more complex .
Fortifications are military constructions and buildings designed for defense during war .
The word fortification can also mean the practice of improving an area 's defense with defensive works .
Larger forts may class as fortresses , smaller ones formerly often bore the name of fortalices .
City walls are fortifications but not necessarily called fortresses .
To reduce the load on root nameservers caused by the reverse DNS lookups of these IP addresses , a system of `` black-hole '' nameservers is provided by anycast network AS112 .
In Internet terminology a private network is typically a network that uses private IP address space , following the RFC 1918 standard .
Philadelphia Union is a soccer team that will play in Major League Soccer in Chester , Pennsylvania .
Coupelle-Vieille is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Vickie Lynn Guerrero -LRB- maiden name Lara -RRB- -LRB- born April 16 , 1968 -RRB- is an American professional wrestling authority figure and widow of professional wrestler Eddie Guerrero .
Muslims have to do a pilgrimage to Mecca . This is called Hajj .
Cambridge is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
A by-election or bye-election is a type of special election .
Louise Goodman is one of two pitlane reporters for ITV 's Formula One coverage . Before this she worked in marketing for the Jordan team .
In 2007 , she became the presenter of ITV 's coverage of the British Touring Car Championship . Her co-presenter was Ted Kravitz .
Vira is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Erwin Rudolf Josef Alexander SchrÃ dinger -LRB- \* August 12th , 1887 in Vienna-Erdberg ; â January 4th 1961 in Vienna -RRB- was an Austrian Physicist . He was one of the founders of quantum mechanics and won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1933 .
The Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom is the official coat of arms of the British monarch , currently Queen Elizabeth II .
The shield is quartered , depicting in the first and fourth quarters the three passant guardant lions of England ; in the second , the rampant lion and double tressure fleury-counter-fleury of Scotland ; and in the third , a harp for Ireland .
Different versions are used by other members of the Royal Family ; and by the British Government in connection with the administration and government of the country .
In Scotland , the Queen has a separate version of the Royal Arms , a variant of which is used by the Scotland Office .
These arms are used by the Queen in her official capacity as monarch of the United Kingdom , and are officially known as her Arms of Dominion .
It is now the London Jewish Cultural Centre but a blue plaque marks it as Pavlova 's previous home and a site of significant historical interest .
Pavlova is most recognized for the creation of the rÃ le The Dying Swan and , with her own company , would become the first ballerina to tour ballet around the world .
She is widely regarded as one of the finest classical ballet dancers in history and was most noted as a principal artist of the Imperial Russian Ballet and the Ballets Russes of Serge Diaghilev .
The house had an ornamental lake where she would feed her pet swans , and where there is a statue of the ballerina by the Scots sculptor George Henry Paulin .
After leaving Russia , Pavlova settled in Ivy House on North End Road , near Hampstead , where she lived for the rest of her life .
While in London Pavlova was influential in the development of British ballet , most notably inspiring the career of Alicia Markova .
Saskatchewan is -LRB- approximately -RRB- a quadrilateral -LRB- four-sided object -RRB- bounded on the west by Alberta , on the north by the Northwest Territories , on the east by Manitoba , and on the south by the American states of Montana and North Dakota .
Crowley died of a respiratory infection in a Hastings boarding house on 1 December 1947 at the age of 72 .
He had been addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier .
`` Itchy & Scratchy & Marge '' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20 , 1990 .
In this episode , Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames `` The Itchy & Scratchy Show '' for Maggie 's actions .
`` Itchy & Scratchy & Marge '' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20 , 1990 . In this episode , Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames `` The Itchy & Scratchy Show '' for Maggie 's actions .
Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers , Jr.
It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon .
In humans , well-known RNA viruses are those that cause SARS , Influenza or Hepatitis C.
RNA viruses are viruses that use RNA as their genetic material .
Francisco Arce -LRB- born 2 April 1971 -RRB- is a former Paraguayan football player .
Saint-Julien-du-Gua is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Usually each ovary takes turns releasing eggs every month .
Variscourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Alexander is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Magnicourt is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The following is a list of articles of ice hockey players who have won the Conn Smythe Trophy in the NHL .
The award is given annually to the most valuable player for his team in the playoffs .
A run-on sentence is two or more sentences , put together into one sentence , without anything to join them together .
Further various such as R&B , hip hop , pop\/rock
On November 26 , 2007 , the album was released by GMM Grammy .
Mostly songs in this album are smooth , some speed .
Simply Bird , by the Thai recording artist , Thongchai McIntyre , is his fifteenth studio album .
Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland . It can be found in the south Poland and in east Silesia -LRB- called Upper Silesia -RRB- .
It can be found in the south Poland and in east Silesia -LRB- called Upper Silesia -RRB- .
The bacillus was discovered by the physician Alexandre Yersin during an epidemic of the plague in Hong Kong , in 1894 .
Yersin worked for the Pasteur Institute at the time .
Therefore Y. pestis could not have caused it .
Jumigny is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
During Silla Period -LRB- ì ë 1\/4 ì ë -RRB- , Hanju -LRB- í ì # 1\/4 -RRB- was name of Seoul .
At that time , the name of the city was Wiryeseong -LRB- ì ë ì -RRB- .
Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games and the 1988 Olympic Games .
Alen BokÅ iÄ -LRB- born 21 January 1970 -RRB- is a former Croatian football player . He has played for Croatia national team .
The class is polyphyletic , and consists of two clades .
In 1987 , they were officially recognized as molluscs and given their own class .
This class used to be classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms .
The Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002 -LRB- COSHH -RRB- deal with the safe use of hazardous substances .
During this time they were called the New Orleans \/ Oklahoma City Hornets .
The moved to New Orleans in 2002 .
New Orleans Hornets are a American professional basketball team . They play in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Broadwood Stadium is an association football stadium situated in Cumbernauld , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Francium is very radioactive .
Francium is a chemical element with the chemical symbol Fr and an atomic number of 87 .
Well-known pelycosaurs include the genera Dimetrodon , Sphenacodon , Edaphosaurus , and Ophiacodon .
Fossil evidence from some ophiacodonts shows that parts of the skin was naked , but that the belly was covered in dermal scutes . These scutes looked like the scutes present in reptile groups , but they are of a different type of structure .
Unlike lepidosaurian reptiles , pelycosaurs lacked epidermal scales .
In 1940 the group was reviewed in detail and every species known at the time described -LRB- and many illustrated -RRB- in an important monograph .
In life , this would have been covered by skin , and possibly functioned as a thermoregulatory device and\/or a mating display .
At least two pelycosaur clades independently evolved a tall sail , consisting of elongated vertebral spines : the edaphosaurids and the sphenacodontids .
Pelycosaur fossils have been found mainly in Europe and North America , although some small , late-surviving forms are known from Russia and South Africa .
Atoka is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Atoka is a city of Oklahoma in the United States . It is the county seat of Atoka County .
It is the county seat of Atoka County .
Sheena Easton was born April 27 , 1959 .
When a victim of sexual abuse is under the age of consent , it is known as child sexual abuse .
Sexual abuse -LRB- also called molestation -RRB- is when one person forces another person to unwillingly commit any sexual act .
A person who commits sexual abuse is called a molester , abuser , or sexual abuser .
Mascotte is a city of Florida in the United States .
The University of Alabama is a university in the U.S. state of Alabama .
UA is one of the three largest universities in Alabama . Auburn University and University of Alabama at Birmingham are the other two main schools in Alabama .
The University of Alabama is a university in the U.S. state of Alabama . The University of Alabama is in the city of Tuscaloosa .
The series first started August 23 , 1998 and its final episode aired May 18 , 2006 .
That '70s Show is an American television series . It is about the lives of a group of teenagers living in Point Place -LRB- Fond du Lac -RRB- , Wisconsin from May 17 , 1976 to December 31,1979 .
The orchestra plays a big part in the BBC Proms , the season of concerts played every summer at the Royal Albert Hall .
The BBC Symphony Orchestra is the main orchestra of the British Broadcasting Corporation . It is one of the best orchestras in Britain .
Mauricio Pellegrino -LRB- born 5 October 1971 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
At the 1997 General Election , Bercow was elected the Conservative MP for Buckinghamshire . He served in the shadow cabinets of Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard .
He tried to become an MP at the 1987 and 1992 General Elections but was not successful .
John Simon Bercow -LRB- surname pronounce BER-COE ; born January 19 , 1963 in Middlesex , England -RRB- is a British politician who is the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -LRB- or TMNT -RRB- are a group of fictional characters .
The high number of new books was partly because of the popular Bible Gutenberg printed â `` the Gutenberg Bible . This was the first Bible people made in large numbers ; Gutenberg started on 23 February 1455 .
The Gutenberg Galaxy and Project Gutenberg use Gutenberg 's name .
Gutenberg was born in Mainz , the son of a merchant , Friele Gensfleisch zur Laden .
Gutenberg died in Mainz , Germany , in 1468 .
Superchunk first came together in 1989 in Chapel Hill , North Carolina with Mac McCaughan singing and playing guitar , Laura Balance playing bass , Jack McCook playing guitar and Chuck Garrison playing drums .
The MS Jewel of the Seas is a cruise ship belonging to Royal Caribbean 's Radiance class .
Independence Hall is a historic building in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
It is a World Heritage Site .
In 1998 the Mirrar Aboriginal people , together with environmental groups , created one of the largest protests in Australia 's history .
Jacqui Katona is an Aboriginal woman who tried to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory .
Katona won the 1999 U.S. Goldman Environmental Prize because she protected her country and culture against uranium mining .
Locomotives built by the Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows , latterly part of the English Electric group .
Robin Cook -LRB- 28 February 1946 â `` 6 August 2005 -RRB- was a politician in the British Labor Party . He was Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2001 .
It is beautifully lit at night . Each year , people come from all over the world to take part in a timed run up the ladder .
It is a walkway up the mountains with 699 steps . The ladder was built in 1829 to connect Jamestown to the military base on Ladder Hill .
Saint John or St. John could mean :
Gravity is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace .
It was released on June 18 , 2002 .
Hannah Murray -LRB- born July , 1989 -RRB- is an English actress . She is best known for playing the role of Cassie , a gentle , ` spacey ' teen girl with an apparent eating disorder and unstated mental illness in E4 's Drama\/Comedy , Skins .
This operating system was previously named Windows Server `` Longhorn '' , but on May 15 , 2007 , Bill Gates announced its official name on Windows Hardware Engineering Conference 2007 .
Windows Server 2008 is the name of the current server operating system from Microsoft , the previous version of which was Windows Server 2003 .
Prussian troops played a key part in the victories of the allies in 1813 and 1814 .
At first Frederick William tried to follow a policy of neutrality in the Napoleonic Wars .
But Alexander was defeated as well . At Tilsit France made peace with Russia and Prussia .
On 14 October 1806 , at the Battle of Jena-Auerst Ã dt , the French defeated the Prussian army , and it collapsed .
Frederick William was born in Potsdam in 1770 as the son of Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt .
After Napoleon 's defeat in Russia -LRB- 1813 -RRB- Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia .
On December 24 , 1793 , Frederick William married Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz . They had ten children .
Napoleon dealt with Prussia very harshly , Prussia lost many of its Polish territories , as well as all territory west of the Elbe , and had to pay for French troops that occupied Prussia .
He died on 7 June 1840 .
Frederick William III -LRB- 3 August 1770 â `` 7 June 1840 -RRB- was king of Prussia from 1797 to 1840 .
At the Congress of Vienna , Frederick William 's ministers succeeded in securing important territorial increases for Prussia .
He was considered to be a shy and reserved boy ,
After the war , Frederick William did not keep the promises he had made in 1813 to supply Prussia with a constitution .
As a soldier he received the usual training of a Prussian prince , obtained his lieutenancy in 1784 , became a colonel in 1790 , and took part in the campaigns against France of 1792-1794 .
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
Please do not rename or remove these classes .
The HTML mark up produced by this template includes an hCard microformat , which makes the place-name and location parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue article across Wikipedia , or via a browser tool operated by a person , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to an address book .
Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma , United States , and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area in the central part of the state .
Leighton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Strategic bombing missions usually attack targets such as factories , railroads , oil refineries and cities .
SebastiÃ # o Lazaroni -LRB- born 25 September , 1950 -RRB- is a Brazilian football manager .
The Southern Railway -LRB- SR -RRB- gave the designation 4Lav to the electric multiple units built to work the semi-fast services on the route between London and Brighton .
None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class .
It was used a lot in French theater where entertainments using such songs were called `` comÃ die en vaudeville '' .
Cras-sur-Reyssouze is a commune .
2042 -LRB- MMXLII -RRB- will be a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian Calendar .
A very pure form of iodine is made by reacting copper sulfate and potassium iodide . This makes copper -LRB- II -RRB- iodide which is not stable .
Iodine is used for a disinfectant .
Air is blown over the water to evaporate the iodine .
Chlorine is reacted with seawater to change the iodide to iodine .
It breaks down into copper -LRB- I -RRB- iodide and iodine , which is pure .
Iodine is one of the heaviest elements needed by living things .
Tincture of iodine is a common iodine disinfectant .
The radioactive iodine easily goes into the thyroid and causes cancer . When people take iodine tablets , it fills up the thyroid with non-radioactive iodine which prevents any radioactive iodine from coming in .
Yakutat City and Borough is a city in Alaska .
The first people to live in Sergipe were from the Tupi Tribe . The name `` Sergipe '' is the Tupi word for crab .
Aracaju is the capital and largest city .
Sergipe borders two other states , Bahia and Alagoas .
Sergipe is the smallest state in Brazil .
Now , Sergipe is part of free Brazil .
The convention was approved at a special United Nations conference on 28 July 1951 .
It also makes clear which people are not seen as refugees , such as war criminals .
Articles from 1 to 12 consist Chapter I and Article 1 of the Convention as amended by the 1967 Protocol provides the definition of a refugee : `` A person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . . ''
Denmark was the first state to ratify the treaty -LRB- on 4 December 1952 -RRB- and there are now 147 signatories to either the Convention or the Protocol or to both .
Because the convention was approved in Geneva , it is often referred to as `` the Geneva Convention , '' though it is not one of the Geneva Conventions specifically dealing with allowable behavior in time of war .
The United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees is an international agreement that defines who is a refugee , and makes clear what are the rights of individuals who are granted asylum and the responsibilities of nations that grant asylum .
It was initially limited to protecting European refugees after World War II but a 1967 protocol removed the geographical and time limits .
The school was called Tonbridge Grammar School For Girls until 2002 , when boys were allowed into the 6th form .
Tonbridge Grammar School -LRB- or just TGS -RRB- is a well known grammar school in Tonbridge , Kent .
The teacher and headmistress was called Mrs Taylor .
In 1913 the school moved to the site in Deakin Leas as the school was growing quickly and the library was not big enough .
Tonbridge Grammar School started in 1905 on the top floor of the Tonbridge Library with only 13 pupils .
The Sooty Barbthroat -LRB- Threnetes niger -RRB- is a species of hummingbird .
Its habitat is humid tropical lowland forest .
Freire 's Sooty Barbthroat -LRB- T. n. freirei -RRB- is average between the Sooty and Bronze-tailed Barbthroats however , and thus its status needs to be more clear before the problem is fixed .
Some authors thought the Sooty Barbthroat to be a `` melanistic variant '' of the Pale-tailed Barbthroat -LRB- T. leucurus -RRB- .
Though normally restricted in range , it is common enough to be thought a Species of Least Concern by the IUCN .
Not only that , but some suggest that the Bronze-tailed Barbthroat -LRB- T. n. loehkeni -RRB- should also be thought a valid species and have the doubtful Christina 's Barbthroat -LRB- T. n. christinae -RRB- as a subspecies .
It is found in French Guiana and far north-eastern Brazil .
The taxonomy and systematics of the Sooty Barbthroat complex has made much confusion .
Aranno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland .
Pellegrue is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Slater is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Jorge Luiz de Amorim Silva -LRB- born 5 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Monocytes are attracted to a damaged site by chemical substances , triggered by a range of stimuli .
At some sites such as the testis , macrophages have been shown to populate the organ through proliferation .
It often happens that all the mayflies in a population mature at once -LRB- the hatch -RRB- , and for a day or two in the Spring or Autumn -LRB- Fall -RRB- , mayflies will be everywhere , dancing around each other in large groups , or resting on every available surface .
Mayflies are unique in that they moult one more time after getting functional wings -LRB- this is also known as the alate stage -RRB- . This second-to-last winged stage is usually very short , a matter of hours .
The stage is a favorite food of many fish , and many ` fishing flies ' are modelled on them .
Castillon-de-Castets is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
According to the Borg , Seven of Nine is the first borg to go back to the life she had before being assimilated .
Box Car Racer was a American Alternative rock\/Post-hardcore band from San Diego , California that were active from 2001 to 2003 .
Box Car Racer was a side-project for Blink-182 members Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker and lead guitarist of Hazen Street , David Kennedy and touring bassist Anthony Celestino .
Shin Asahina -LRB- born 20 August 1976 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Old Lady is the third most successful club in Europe and the sixth in the world with the most international titles officially recognized by one of the six continental football confederations and FIFA .
The club is a founding member of the European Club Association , which was formed after the dissolution of the G-14 , a collection of Europe 's most elite clubs .
The club was the first Italian and Southern European side to win the UEFA Cup . In 1985 , Juventus , the only team in the world to have won all official international cups and championships became the first club in the history of European football to have won all three major UEFA club competitions .
The club is the most successful team in the history of Italian football . Overall , the club have won 51 official trophies , more than any other team in the country ; 40 in Italy , which is also a record , and 11 in European and world competitions .
The peninsula sticks out into the rich fishing zones near the Grand Banks .
Its four major bays -- Trinity Bay , Conception Bay , St. Mary 's Bay , and Placentia Bay -- have long been the center of Newfoundland 's fishing industry .
The Avalon Peninsula is a large peninsula -LRB- 9,270 kmÂ -RRB- that makes up the southeast portion of the island of Newfoundland .
It is connected to the main section of the island by the 5 km\/3 mile wide Isthmus of Avalon .
The peninsula is home to forty percent of Newfoundland 's population , and is the location of the provincial capital , St. John 's .
Moorslede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
The 1950 World Cycling Championshipwas held in Moorslede and was won by Briek Schotte .
Moorslede comprises the towns of Dadizele and Moorslede itself .
Hartselle is the second largest city in Morgan County , Alabama , about 10 miles -LRB- 16 km -RRB- south of Decatur , and is included in the Decatur Metropolitan Area , and the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area .
As of the 2006 census estimates , the population of the city is 13,479 .
Earthfall -LRB- 1995 -RRB- is the fourth book of the Homecoming Saga . It was written by Orson Scott Card in 1995 .
Entrechaux is a commune of 869 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Ivory was not drafted , but he reached a deal with the Saints immediately after the draft , and signed as a free agent on May 3 , 2010 .
In 22 games , he rushed 91 times for 534 yards and 4 touchdowns . He also had 23 kickoff returns , averaging 22.8 yards .
Ivory played three years for Washington State .
Walkosky tried to get a medical redshirt exemption for Ivory , which would have let Ivory play another year , but he did not get one .
Chris Ivory -LRB- born March 22 , 1988 -RRB- is an American football running back for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League .
Even though he did not play much at Tiffin , some NFL scouts saw Ivory 's performance and speed , and some people thought he could become the first Tiffin player to be picked in the NFL Draft .
He was signed as a free agent by the Saints on May 3 , 2010 .
In Ivory 's final year of college football , he had 39 rushes for 223 yards in five games before hurting his knee , which ended his season .
He played college football at Washington State and at Tiffin University in Ohio .
Ivory played both football and track and field in high school at Longview High School in Longview , Texas .
Ivory then went to Tiffin , a Division II school in Tiffin , Ohio , whose team was coached by Dave Walkosky . Walkosky had been a Washington State assistant coach .
In August 2009 , Ivory was kicked off the Washington State team .
He played well in training camp and preseason games . This included a good game against the San Diego Chargers that included a 76-yard touchdown on a swing pass .
Today Germania is located in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg .
Germania is a painting by Philipp Veit created in March 1848 during the Revolutions of 1848 .
Mackville is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
As of 2000 , the population is 13,184 .
Its county seat is Madill .
Pedro Troglio -LRB- born 28 July 1965 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
Seanad Ã ireann is the second house of the Irish parliament , the Oireachtas .
The Seanad must be elected after the DÃ il , because new TDs are allowed to vote in a Seanad election .
Members of Seanad Ã ireann are members from the first meeting until the day before the next general election of the Seanad .
Between Vancouver and the Pacific Ocean to the west is a large island called Vancouver Island .
Until the city was named in 1885 , `` Vancouver '' referred to Vancouver Island .
Captain Vancouver explored the area around Vancouver and Vancouver Island in the 1790s .
Vancouver was founded in 1886 , and is named after British naval captain George Vancouver . Captain Vancouver explored the area around Vancouver and Vancouver Island in the 1790s .
In Northern Europe , societies were able to live well on rich food supplies from the marshlands .
It was not much used until V. Gordon Childe popularized it in his book The dawn of Europe -LRB- 1947 -RRB- .
Such conditions produced distinctive human behaviors which are preserved in characteristic finds .
The Mesolithic was a period in the development of human technology between the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods of the Stone Age .
These conditions also delayed the coming of the Neolithic until as late as 4000 BC -LRB- 6,000 before present -RRB- in northern Europe .
The term was introduced by John Lubbock in his work Pre-historic times , published in 1865 .
Regions that experienced greater environmental effects as the last ice age ended have a much more evident Mesolithic era . This lasted millennia .
They occur only in the New World .
Phengodidae is a family of beetles . They are known as glowworm beetles or glowworms .
The larvae and the females -LRB- which keep their larval form -RRB- ate predators . They feed on millipedes and other animals they find in the soil and litter .
The females and larvae have organs that can produce light .
They are attracted to lights at night . They are probably short-lived and do not feed at all .
Rumst is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Portlethen is a town 7 mi south of Aberdeen , Scotland along the A90 .
To the east of Portlethen lie three fishing villages : Findon , Downies and Old Portlethen -LRB- now often referred to as Portlethen Village -RRB- .
Although Portlethen is a town in terms of population -LRB- and it has been granted official town status -RRB- , it resembles a residential suburb without a clear ` town center ' or focal point .
Lufthansa is the largest airline in Germany , and the second largest in Europe . Some of Lufthansa 's hubs are Frankfurt am Main and Munich , A hub is an airport where people who fly from one city to a second city can transfer or change airplanes .
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink -LRB- born 27 March 1972 -RRB- is a former Dutch football player . He has played for Netherlands national team .
Magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- MRI -RRB- , or nuclear magnetic resonance imaging -LRB- NMRI -RRB- , is are machines that doctors use to give a visual representation of soft tissue , -LRB- flesh -RRB- , inside the body . Magnetic resonance uses nuclear magnetic resonance to generate these images .
Selangor -LRB- also known as Selangor Darul Ehsan or Selangor the Abode of Sincerity -RRB- is one of the 13 states that form Malaysia .
The state surrounds Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya .
Witten is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia , in the Ruhr Area and has about 100,000 inhabitants .
Lisieux is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Nu metal was very successful and made a lot of money , especially bands such as Linkin Park , Limp Bizkit and Slipknot as well as Disturbed .
Another type of heavy metal in the 1980s was called `` thrash metal '' or `` thrash . ''
In the 1990s , a new form of heavy metal developed , called alternative metal .
Thrash metal bands played a faster , more aggressive type of heavy metal rock .
Bands such as MÃ tley CrÃ 1\/4 e , W.A.S.P. and Ratt became popular .
Borsbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Several revisions of the language have appeared , including the very well known FORTRAN IV -LRB- the same as FORTRAN 66 -RRB- , FORTRAN 77 and Fortran 90 . The most recent formal standard for the language was published in 1997 and is known as Fortran 95 .
The name `` Fortran '' is short for `` Formula Translation '' . The language was formerly known as FORTRAN -LRB- and older variants of it still are -RRB- .
Several revisions of the language have appeared , including the very well known FORTRAN IV -LRB- the same as FORTRAN 66 -RRB- , FORTRAN 77 and Fortran 90 .
Since Fortran 90 , the capitalization has been abandoned .
Since Fortran 90 , the capitalization has been abandoned . The published formal standards use `` Fortran '' .
The two standards below reflect the current Fortran implementations .
CitySpire Center is a skyscraper in New York City , United States .
It is 248 meters -LRB- 814 feet -RRB- tall and has 75 floors .
It is headquartered at the city of Muridke .
Muridke Tehsil is an administrative subdivision -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Sheikhupura District , Punjab , Pakistan . The tehsil was formerly part of Ferozewala Tehsil until 2005 , when it was separated from Ferozewal and became another of Sheikhupura 's tehsils .
Besides various villages it includes the town of Narang Mandi .
Yoshiyuki Hasegawa -LRB- born 11 February 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Callirrhoe is about 8.6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,356,000 km in 776.543 days , at an inclination of 141 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 140 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , with an eccentricity of 0.264 .
It was found by Spacewatch on October 6 , 1999 and originally designated as an asteroid .
It belongs to the PasiphaÃ `` group , non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5 Â and 158.3 Â .
It was named in October 2002 after Callirhoe , daughter of the river god Achelous , one of Zeus ' -LRB- Jupiter 's -RRB- many conquests .
As a navigation exercise , the New Horizons spacecraft imaged it on January 10 , 2007 .
It was found to be in orbit around Jupiter by Tim Spahr on July 18 , 2000 , and then given the designation ' .
The Mitsubishi Mirage is a subcompact car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from 1978 to 2002 .
It was also sold as the Mitsubishi Colt or Lancer Fiore .
The Mitsubishi Mirage is a subcompact car produced by Mitsubishi Motors from 1978 to 2002 . It was also sold as the Mitsubishi Colt or Lancer Fiore .
Ivana Trump -LRB- born February 20 , 1949 -RRB- is a Czech-American businesswoman , former Olympic skiier and model . She is most famous for her marriage to Donald Trump , which ended in divorce .
Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge is the second studio album by band My Chemical Romance .
Converts a year -LRB- first parameter , e.g. 1998 for 1998 AD , -1998 for 1998 BC -RRB- into a logically-numbered year\/decade\/century \/ millennium .
For use in -RRB- .
Applies an offset -LRB- second parameter ; defaults to 0 -RRB- .
The London Passenger Transport Board -LRB- LPTB -RRB- was the organization responsible for public transport in London , UK , and its environs from 1933 to 1948 .
In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000 , the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport .
The London Passenger Transport Board -LRB- LPTB -RRB- was the organization responsible for public transport in London , UK , and its environs from 1933 to 1948 . In common with all London transport authorities from 1933 to 2000 , the public name and operational brand of the organization was London Transport .
The Bulldog , known as the British Bulldog or English Bulldog , is a medium-size breed of dog that originated in England .
They are known for fast guitar solos , fantasy-based lyrics , and electronic sounds in their music .
DragonForce was founded in 1999 by singer ZP Theart , bassist Steve Scott , guitarists Sam Totman and Herman Li , drummer Didier Almouzni , and keyboardist Steve Williams .
DragonForce is an English power metal band formed in 1999 in London .
Kazuo Imanishi -LRB- born 12 January 1941 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game being made by Vivendi Games . It is part of the Barbie franchise .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game being made by Vivendi Games .
`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence that uses correct grammar .
The sentence means `` The bison from Buffalo , who are frightened by other bison from Buffalo , also frighten the bison from Buffalo . ''
It can be broken down to `` Buffaloa buffalon Buffaloa buffalon buffalov buffalov Buffaloa buffalon '' , where `` a '' is adjective , `` n '' is noun , and `` v '' is verb .
It is often used as an example of how homonyms -LRB- words that are spelled the same -RRB- and homophones -LRB- words that sound the same -RRB- can be used to create complicated constructs .
Praia is the capital of the island nation of Cape Verde .
It lies on Santiago island in the Sotavento archipelago .
Praia a port that transports coffee , sugar cane , and tropical fruits .
Praia also has a fishing industry .
It may be either rough endoplasmic reticulum -LRB- rER -RRB- , so called because it is studded with ribosomes to give it a rough appearance under a microscope , or smooth endoplasmic reticulum -LRB- sER -RRB- .
Endoplasmic reticulum -LRB- ER -RRB- is a cellular organelle which is an extension of the nucleus .
He played a total of 13 games for the Maple Leafs in the 1928 â `` 29 season -LRB- 7 regular season games and 4 playoff games -RRB- .
Although born in Glasgow , Scotland , Alex Gray grew up in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
He played for five years with the Port Arthur Ports of the TBSHL .
He helped the Rangers win the Stanley Cup that spring .
Wearing jersey number 2 , he played on a line with Paul Thompson and Murray Murdoch .
In 1928 Gray signed with the New York Rangers of the NHL .
According to Legends of Hockey , `` he topped the league in goal scoring three times and was its most penalized player twice . ''
After his rookie season in New York he was involved in a big trade with the Toronto Maple Leafs , He was traded along with Lorne Chabot for Melville `` Butch '' Keeling and John Ross Roach .
Alexander Gray -LRB- June 21 , 1899 - April 10 , 1986 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers and the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1933 .
After 1 season in Toronto he was sent to the minors where he spent the remainder of his career .
Triss is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2002 .
It is the fifteenth book in the Redwall series .
Wikipedia has lots of mailing lists . You can read them on the internet or by email or by NNTP using GMANE .
Because of copyright , a work can only be copied if the owner of the copyright gives permission .
But others believe that copyright laws make it harder to be creative . Without copyright , other people could reuse existing work , and copyright law often stops that .
People who copy a work that is protected under copyright without permission can be punished by the law , usually with a fine . In other , more serious cases , a person who copies a work that is protected under copyright could be arrested and go to prison .
Copyright laws make it easier for authors to make money by selling their works . Because of copyright , a work can only be copied if the owner of the copyright gives permission .
Clinton was vice president under two different presidents .
He was the first -LRB- and longest-serving -RRB- Governor of New York , and then Vice President of the United States under Thomas Jefferson and James Madison .
He is one out of two vice presidents who did this ; John C. Calhoun served under two presidents as well .
George Clinton -LRB- July 26 , 1739 -- April 20 , 1812 -RRB- was an American soldier and politician .
Clinton was born in the state of New York .
' is a commune . It is found in the region Franche-Comt Ã in the Haute-Sa Ã ne department in the east of France .
The climate of the Jura varies greatly by elevation .
The prefecture -LRB- capital -RRB- is Lons-le-Saunier .
Jura is a wine-growing region .
It continued to be spoken in rural areas into the 20th century .
Jura is one of four departments of the Franche-Comt Ã region . The French departments of Doubs , Haute-Sa Ã ne , CÃ te-d ` Or , SaÃ ne-et-Loire , and Ain , are next to it .
It is one of the largest man-made lakes in France .
Jura is a department in the east of France . It is named after the Jura mountains -LRB- not to be confused with the Swiss canton of Jura -RRB- .
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt Ã .
This is made from the local Savagnin grape variety .
Jura is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The Jura wines are very distinctive and unusual wines , such as vin jaune , which is made by a similar process to sherry . It develops under a flor of yeast .
It is now a sous-pr Ã fecture of Jura .
Other grape varieties include Poulsard , Trousseau , and Chardonnay .
Jura is one of four departments of the Franche-Comt Ã region .
The departments of Jura , Doubs , and Haute-Sa Ã ne form the modern Franche-Comt Ã region of France .
Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura . The largest natural lake is called Lac De Chalain .
Lac de Vouglans was formed after the building of a hydro-electric dam .
Historically , Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy , known in French as the Franche-Comt Ã .
Dole was the capital until the region was conquered by Louis XIV and it was moved to BesanÃ on .
The Jura mountains are wooded and rolling , not craggy and rocky like the Alps .
As early as the 13th century , inhabitants of the southern 2\/3 of Jura spoke a dialect of Arpitan language .
The lower valleys are temperate and pleasant , but the high mountain valleys have bitterly cold winters .
The Jura mountains provide ample opportunities for hiking , skiing , and other winter sports .
Professor Geoffrey Ian Gallop -LRB- born 27 September 1951 -RRB- was the 27th Premier of Western Australia from 10 February 2001 to 16 January 2006 .
Yuzo Kurihara -LRB- born 18 September 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Yokohama F. Marinos and Japan national team .
In 1913 Streicher married Kunigunde Roth , a baker 's daughter , in NÃ 1\/4 rnberg .
Streicher was born in Fleinhausen , Bavaria .
His publishing firm released three anti-Semitic books for children , including the 1938 Der Giftpilz -LRB- The Poison Mushroom -RRB- , one of the most widespread pieces of propaganda . The book said that Jews were dangerous , just like an attractive yet deadly mushroom .
Streicher was born in Fleinhausen , Bavaria . He was an elementary school teacher until joining the German Army in 1914 .
Streicher won the Iron Cross and was a lieutenant by the time the Armistice was signed in 1918 .
Streicher 's wife , Kunigunde Streicher , died in 1943 after 30 years of marriage .
He published Der StÃ 1\/4 rmer newspaper , became a part of the Nazi propaganda machine .
They had two sons , Lothar -LRB- born 1915 -RRB- and Elmar -LRB- born 1918 -RRB- .
In 1923 Streicher founded the racist newspaper , Der StÃ 1\/4 rmer .
Eventually the newspaper reached a peak circulation of 480,000 in 1935 .
Julius Streicher was found guilty of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial and sentenced to death on October 1 , 1946 .
He claimed that Jews were white-slavers and were responsible for over 90 percent of the prostitutes in the country .
Streicher was not a member of the military and was not part of planning the Holocaust , the invasion of Poland , or the Soviet invasion .
After the war , he was convicted at the Nuremberg Trials of crimes against humanity and executed .
He was an elementary school teacher until joining the German Army in 1914 .
His work includes The NeverEnding Story , Enemy Mine , Outbreak , In the Line of Fire , Air Force One , The Perfect Storm , Troy , and Poseidon .
Wolfgang Petersen -LRB- born 14 March 1941 -RRB- is a German film director .
He is currently working on a live-action adaptation of the 2006 anime film Paprika .
CourtÃ telle is a municipality of the district of DelÃ mont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Due to the two different regions -LRB- Flanders and Wallonia -RRB- there are two different record charts .
In Flanders the most important charts are the Ultratop 50 singles and the Ultratop 50 albums .
In Wallonia the most important charts are the Ultratop 40 singles and the Ultratop 50 albums .
The rankings in these charts are based on record sales .
Real Salt Lake is an American soccer team . They play in Major League Soccer in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Goth people also make and listen to Goth music .
It began in the United Kingdom during the early 1980s in the gothic rock scene , an offshoot of the post-punk genre .
The goth subculture has survived much longer than others of the same era , and has continued to diversify .
Styles of dress within the subculture range from death rock , punk , androgynous , some Renaissance and Victorian style clothes , or combinations of the above , most often with black attire , makeup and hair .
Its imagery and cultural proclivities indicate influences from nineteenth century Gothic literature , mainly through horror movies .
The goth subculture is a contemporary subculture found in many countries .
The goth subculture has associated tastes in music and fashion , whether or not all individuals who share those tastes are , in fact , members of the goth subculture .
Gothic music encompasses a number of different styles .
Saint-Martin-des-Besaces is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Haplincourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Langridge was a fine concert singer . He often sang in the sacred music of Bach and Handel .
Langridge sang in several operas by Harrison Birtwistle : he sang The Lawyer in the first recording of Punch and Judy -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and he sang the part of Kong in the first performances of The Second Mrs Kong at Glyndebourne in 1994 . and Hiereus in The Minotaur at the -LRB- Royal Opera House in 2008 -RRB- .
Later in life he sang just one role from a Wagner opera : the part of Loge in Das Rheingold .
Langridge was made Commander of the Order of the British Empire -LRB- CBE -RRB- for his services to music in 1994 .
He was well-known for singing the title role in Elgar 's oratorio , The Dream of Gerontius .
He was married twice . His second wife was the Irish mezzo-soprano Ann Murray .
Philip Langridge -LRB- born Hawkshurst , Kent , 16 December 1939 ; died 5 March 2010 was an British tenor .
He sang a wide variety of roles including parts in operas by Claudio Monteverdi , Mozart , Ravel , Stravinsky , JanÃ Ä ek , Schoenberg and , especially , Benjamin Britten .
Benjamin Britten wrote much of his vocal music and main operatic roles for his friend Peter Pears .
Scarlett O'Hara is the name of the main character in the book Gone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell , and Scarlett by Alexandra Ripley .
There are two types of rugby , called rugby union and rugby league .
Rugby union is played by more people than rugby league , but many people play rugby league in the UK , Australia , New Zealand and Papua New Guinea .
In most other places , the word `` rugby '' means rugby union .
It is the capital of the Canton of Lucerne and seat of the district with the same name .
The city 's metropolitan area consists of 17 municipalities in three cantons .
Due to its location on the shore of Lake Lucerne -LRB- VierwaldstÃ ttersee -RRB- within sight of the mountains Pilatus and Rigi , Lucerne is mainly a tourist destination .
One of the city 's famous landmarks is Chapel Bridge -LRB- KapellbrÃ 1\/4 cke -RRB- , a wooden bridge from the 14th century .
Vocance is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Streator is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Nearby Hibernia Reef , 42 k northeast of Ashmore Reef , is not part of the territory , because it has no permanently dry land area , although large parts of the reef become exposed during low tide .
The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands is two groups of small low-lying uninhabited tropical islands in the Indian Ocean north-west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Roti .
They have a long coastline , over 74 k , but there are no ports or harbors , only offshore anchorage .
The territory includes Ashmore Reef -LRB- West , Middle , and East Islets -RRB- and Cartier Island 70 k east with , a total area of 199.45 k within the reefs and including the lagoons , and 114400 m of dry land .
Tortefontaine is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The University of the Incarnate Word is a private Catholic university in San Antonio , Texas , United States .
The battle ended with the almost complete destruction of the Russian Second Army .
Although the battle took place near Allenstein , it was named after Tannenberg by the Germans , because they wanted to express that they had made good their defeat at the medieval Battle of Tannenberg or -LRB- Grunwald -RRB- .
The Battle of Tannenberg was a decisive engagement between the Russian Empire and the German Empire in the first days of World War I , fought by the Russian First and Second Armies and the German Eighth Army between 17 August and 2 September 1914 .
It was started in 1920 from the Deutsche Arbeiterpartei -LRB- German Workers ' party -RRB- -LRB- DAP -RRB- .
The Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei -LRB- National Socialist German Workers ' Party , NSDAP -RRB- , also known as the Nazi Party , was a German political party .
Te -LRB- Ð cents , Ñ -RRB- is the fifteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet . It sounds like -LRB- t -RRB- .
It comes from the Greek letter tau and stands for the Roman letter T.
Te -LRB- Ð cents , Ñ -RRB- is the fifteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet .
Duels could be fought with swords or pistols .
The Asterales are an order of flowering plants which include the composite family Asteraceae -LRB- sunflowers , daisies , thistles , etc. -RRB- and its related families .
He became very famous when he chosen as main star in Roman Polanski 's The Pianist -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
Adrien Brody -LRB- born April 14 , 1973 -RRB- is an American actor .
The Football Federation of Armenia -LRB- FFA -RRB- is the governing body of football in Armenia .
It is based in Yerevan .
It organizes the football league , Armenian Premier League , and the Armenian national football team .
Raine Maida -LRB- born February 18 , 1970 in Weston , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is an Canadian singer\/songwriter .
He is the current lead singer of the Canadian Alternative rock band , Our Lady Peace and was known for his unique countertenor nasal falsetto singing voice .
He began a solo career in 2006 and released a EP called Love Hope Hero on November 14 , 2006 .
In 1966 , Campbell decided he wanted to make Bluebird go faster than 300 mph -LRB- 480 km\/h -RRB- .
Donald Campbell 's body was also found in 2001 .
Bluebird K7 is a boat built for Donald Campbell to break the World Water Speed Record .
Georgia 's capital was Tbilisi , and its state language was Georgian .
Created on May 26 , 1918 , on the break-up of the Transcaucasian Federation , it was led by the Social Democratic Menshevik party .
Facing permanent internal and external problems , the young state was not able to withstand the invasion by the Russian SFSR Red Armies . It collapsed between February and March of 1921 to become a Soviet republic .
Amance is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
The Czech organization People in Need organizes the festival . People can watch about 130 documentary films from almost 40 countries during one week .
The festival is at the end of April each year .
Every year `` One World '' focuses on a different human rights issue or problem .
One World is a film festival that takes place each year in Prague , -LRB- Czech Republic -RRB- . The theme of the festival is human rights ' documentary film .
The festival also offers other events , such as debates with filmmakers and photography exhibitions .
The sensory system controls the senses .
In 1928 , he attended the boarding school called Hermann-Lietz-Internat on the German island Spiekeroog .
Von Braun started work at the Army 's new Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville , Alabama , which later became NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center .
Von Braun was born in Wirsitz -LRB- today : Wyrzysk -RRB- in Poland on 23 March 1912 .
He bought with his extra money the book Die Rakete zu den PlanetenrÃ umen -LRB- English : The Rocket Into Interplanetary Space -RRB- , which is the basis of the modern rocket research .
Because of bad marks , von Braun had to attend a boarding school near Weimar , in 1925 .
During the Weimar Republic , his father was the minister for food and agriculture , Magnus Freiherr von Braun . Von Braun 's mother was Emmy von Quistorp , the daughter of a member of the Prussian House of Lords .
Dr. Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun -LRB- 23 March 1912 -- 16 June 1977 -RRB- was a German engineer and scientist . He worked as a rocket designer between the 1930s and 1970s .
The United States Secretary of State -LRB- commonly abbreviated as SecState -RRB- is the head of the United States Department of State , that deals with foreign affairs .
The Secretary is a member of the President 's Cabinet and the highest-ranking cabinet secretary both in line of succession and order of precedence .
CalopÄ r is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Near Karditsa is the city of Trikala . In the west of Karditsa is the Agrafa range .
Karditsa is a Greek city . It is located in the center of Greece in the district of Thessaly .
Satoru Noda -LRB- born 8 June 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The 1972 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad , were held in Munich , in what was then West Germany , from 26 August to 11 September 1972 .
The BBC operates under a Royal Charter which lasts for a limited period of ten years , after which it is renewed .
Charities may also have Royal charters .
Sars-le-Bois is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Individual seeds are sometimes chewed , in much the same way as chewing-gum .
That way , ten pods is about the same quantity as one and a half teaspoons of ground cardamom .
Among other species , varieties and cultivars , Amomum villosum cultivated in China , Laos and Vietnam is used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat stomach-aches , constipation , dysentery , and other digestion problems .
`` Tsaoko '' cardamom Amomum tsao-ko is cultivated in Yunnan , China and northwest Vietnam , both for medicinal purposes and as a spice .
Elettaria is commonly known as cardamom , green cardamom or true cardamom .
In the Middle East , green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes . Traditionally , it is also added as a flavoring to coffee and tea there .
Amomum is used as a spice and as an ingredient in traditional medicine in systems of the traditional Chinese medicine in China , in Ayurveda in India , Japan , Korea and Vietnam .
It has also been known to be used to make gin .
Elettaria cardamomum -LRB- the usual type of cardamom -RRB- is used as a spice and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
In Hebrew , it is also called hel -LRB- '' -RRB- .
In Persian , it is called hel .
Both forms of cardamom are used to add flavor to both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine .
It is often referred to as fat cardamom due its size -LRB- ` Moti Elaichi ' -RRB- .
Black cardamom is sometimes used in garam masala for curries .
In some Middle Eastern countries , coffee and cardamom are often ground in a wooden mortar and cooked together in a mihbaz , an oven using wood or gas , to produce mixtures that are as much as forty percent cardamom .
Green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to give the flavor .
Cardamom is best stored in pod form . Once the seeds are exposed or ground , they quickly lose their flavor .
In Gujarati -LRB- a derivative of Sanskrit -RRB- , it is '' Ä ' - lÄ `` - chÄ `` '' .
High-quality ground cardamom powder can often be a substitute for the pods .
It is occasionally used as a garnish in basmati rice and other dishes .
Black cardamom has coolness similar to that of mint .
Union Vale is a community in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Montfavergier is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
This main page-bullet template deals with a peculiarity of Firefox that prevents word wrap around right-aligned images in the case of bulleted lists .
The Inuit people have lived on Axel Heiberg Island in the past , but no one has lived there by the time it was named by Otto Sverdrup , who explored it around 1900 .
Other explorers visited the island during the early 20th century , during which time it was claimed by Norway until 1930 .
He named it after Axel Heiberg , manager of the Norwegian Ringnes brewery which sponsored the expedition .
It is now part of Nunavut Territory , Canada .
Axel Heiberg Island is the 31st biggest island in the world and Canada 's 7th biggest island .
Perles , Aisne is a commune .
Kradolf-Sch Ã nenberg is a municipality of the district of Bischofszell in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
1966 -LRB- MCMLXVI -RRB- was a common year starting on Saturday of the Gregorian calendar .
The name traces back to Plato 's school of philosophy , founded approximately 385 BC at Akademia , a sanctuary of Athena , the goddess of wisdom , north of Athens , Greece .
An academy -LRB- Greek á 1\/4 Î Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î Î -RRB- is an institution of higher learning , research , or honorary membership .
The best cuvettes are as clear as possible , without impurities that might affect a spectroscopic reading .
A cuvette is a kind of laboratory glassware , usually a small tube of circular or square cross shape , closed at one end and open at the other , made of plastic , glass , or optical grade quartz and made to hold samples for spectroscopic experiments .
Like a test tube , a cuvette may be open to the air on top or have a glass or other material to close it .
Racquinghem is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Hermin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Sir Charles Villiers Stanford -LRB- born Dublin , 30 September 1852 ; died London , 29 March 1924 -RRB- was an Irish composer who lived in England for most of his life .
The reports show that the share of nuclear-generated electricity in the overall global energy production has decreased in the 2000s .
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report is a yearly report about the global challenges facing the nuclear power industry .
The act of thrusting in the sword is called an estocada .
At the end comes the tercio de muerte -LRB- ` the third of death ' -RRB- . The matador re-enters the ring alone with a small red cape , and a sword .
The faena ends with a final series of passes in which the bullfighter tries to move the bull into position . He then stabs it between the shoulder blades and through the aorta or heart .
The matador uses his cape to attract the bull in a series of passes . The faena is the performance with the cape .
All Gulf States are located in the Southern region of the United States .
The states of Texas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida are known as the Gulf States .
The Gulf Coast region of the United States comprises the coasts of states which border the Gulf of Mexico .
The Draft took place live for three hours on WWE 's flagship program , Raw , which aired on the USA Network .
The Draft was held on June 23 , 2008 in San Antonio , Texas from the AT&T Center .
During the announcement , he stated that every WWE Superstar , Diva , and Commentators were eligible to be drafted .
The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman , Vince McMahon on the May 26 2008 episode of Raw .
He married Emma of France , daughter of Robert I of France and BÃ atrice of Vermandois .
Rudolph -LRB- also Radulf , Ralph , or Raoul -RRB- -LRB- died 15 January 936 -RRB- was the duke of Burgundy between 921 and 923 and King of France from July 13 , 923 until his death .
Tatsuya Murata -LRB- born 8 August 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Martinpuich is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Vande Mataram was rejected because Muslims offended by calling India `` Mother Durga '' -LRB- a Hindu goddess -RRB- equating the nation with Hinduism , and by its origin as part of Anandamatha , a book they felt had an anti-Muslim message .
à à à à à 3\/4 à à à à `` à à 3\/4 à à à à à à à à
à à à à à à à à à à
Jana Gana Mana was chosen over Vande Mataram as the National Anthem of independent India in January 24 , 1950 , although before this date , Vande Mataram was treated as such .
Heads of state in particular act on the basis of Advice issued by governments and prime ministers .
For example , Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom formally appoints Ministers of the Crown on the advice of the British Prime Minister .
In constitutional law , Advice is formal , usually binding instruction given by a constitutional officer of state to another .
The little ground squirrel -LRB- Spermophilus pygmaeus -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family .
The subspecies Spermophilus pygmaeus musicus is sometimes considered a separate species , the Caucasian mountain ground squirrel .
The Gambia is a country in west Africa .
Except for its coastline it is completely surrounded by the country of Senegal . The River Gambia flows from Senegal through its center and into the Atlantic Ocean .
The Gambia is the smallest country on the African Continent , by surface .
A blueprint is a technical drawing which usually contains instructions for how to build an architecture or engineering design .
Thucydides -LRB- born around 460 BC â `` died around 395 BC -RRB- -LRB- Greek Î Î Ï
Î Î Î Î Ï , ThoukudÃ dÄ `` s -RRB- was an ancient Greek historian .
Yasukazu Tanaka -LRB- born 15 June 1933 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
It sold over 1,000,000 units making it diamond status in Canada .
Clumsy is the second studio album by Canadian rock Our Lady Peace . It was released on January 23 , 1997 .
It peaked # 33 on The Top 102 New Rock Albums of All Time by 102.1 The Edge in 2009 .
Queyrac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Some baritones have voices not quite low enough to be a true bass , and prefer to call themselves bass-baritones . Bryn Terfel is a famous Welsh bass-baritone .
Unusually for a bird with such a large range , it has no geographical subspecies if the possibly conspecific Eaton 's Pintail is considered to be a separate species .
It is strongly migratory and winters south of its breeding range to the equator .
Pintail or Northern Pintail -LRB- Anas acuta -RRB- is a widely occurring duck which breeds in the northern areas of Europe , Asia and North America .
Misery Guts is a book by the award winning Australian author Morris Gleitzman .
Designers try to make the flapping-wing flight of birds , bats , and insects seem real .
An ornithopter from the ancient greek language is an aircraft that flies by flapping its wings .
Though machines may differ in form , they are usually built on the same scale as these flying creatures .
Manned ornithopters have also been built , and some have worked .
The machines are of two general types : those with engines , and those powered by the muscles of the pilot .
Most of the winners in 1900 were given cups or trophies instead of medals .
The 1900 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad , were held in 1900 in Paris , France .
No opening or closing ceremonies were held but competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28 .
Women took part in the games for the first time and Charlotte Cooper became the first female Olympic champion .
The Games were held as part of the 1900 World 's Fair .
Many American athletes opposed competing on a Sunday because they traveled as representatives of their colleges and were expected to withdraw rather than compete on the `` sabbath '' .
Professionals competed in fencing and Albert Robert Ayat , who won the Ã pÃ e for amateurs and masters , was awarded a prize of 3000 francs .
Over a thousand athletes competed in 19 different sports .
The Census Bureau 's legal authority is listed in Title 13 of the United States Code .
The Bureau is led by a Director , who is helped by a Deputy Director and associate directors .
The Census Bureau headquarters is located at 4600 Silver Hill Road , Suitland , Maryland .
There are regional offices in 12 cities : Boston , New York , Philadelphia , Detroit , Chicago , Kansas City , Seattle , Charlotte , Atlanta , Dallas , Denver , and Los Angeles .
The United States Census Bureau -LRB- officially Bureau of the Census -RRB- is a part of the United States government that is responsible for the United States Census .
Since 1903 , The Bureau of the Census has been the census-taking organization of the United States government .
The Census Bureau is a part of the United States Department of Commerce .
The United States Census Bureau -LRB- officially Bureau of the Census -RRB- is a part of the United States government that is responsible for the United States Census . The Census Bureau is a part of the United States Department of Commerce .
Hubbard was born in Tilden , Nebraska to Harry Ross Hubbard and Ledora May Hubbard .
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard -LRB- 13 March 1911 â `` 24 January 1986 -RRB- was an American fiction writer and creator of Dianetics . He also authored Scientology .
He also authored Scientology . Hubbard was born in Tilden , Nebraska to Harry Ross Hubbard and Ledora May Hubbard .
A psychrometer is a device used to measure relative humidity of a certain area .
Michiyasu Osada -LRB- born 5 March 1978 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Peter Luccin -LRB- born 9 April 1979 -RRB- is a French football player .
The British Army is the land armed forces branch of the British Armed Forces .
The new British Army incorporated Regiments that had already existed in England and Scotland and was administered by the War Office from London .
The British army was heavily involved in the Napoleonic Wars in which the army served in Spain , across Europe , and in North Africa .
Although the Royal Navy is widely regarded as having been vital for the rise of Empire , and British dominance of the world , the British Army played important roles in colonisation .
The British Empire expanded in this time to include colonies , protectorates , and Dominions throughout the Americas , Africa , Asia and Australasia .
Since 1963 it has been managed by the Ministry of Defense .
It came into being with unification of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland into the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 .
Stephen William Bragg -LRB- born December 20 , 1957 -RRB- , known as Billy Bragg , is an English singer and guitarist .
Fruges is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
A sympathy strike is a strike that is done to support another group of workers on strike .
In 1917 , the Mexican Constitution was the first to make sure that workers had the right to strike .
Workers on strike usually do not stop people from crossing the picket line .
They became important during the Industrial Revolution , when many worked in factories and mines .
Andre Luiz de Souza Silva -LRB- born 17 September 1974 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for Zweigen Kanazawa .
Saint-Ciers-de-Canesse is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It broadcasts news and information on shortwave , Internet and satellite radio in 29 languages -LRB- DW-RADIO -RRB- .
Deutsche Welle , which in English means `` German Wave '' , is similar to international broadcasters such as the BBC World Service , Radio Canada International , Voice of America , and Radio France Internationale .
Deutsche Welle or DW is Germany 's international broadcaster .
It has a satellite television service -LRB- DW-TV -RRB- that is available in four languages , and there is also DW-WORLD . DE , a 30-language online news site .
The tabasco pepper is a variety of chili pepper species Capsicum frutescens .
It is best known through its use in Tabasco sauce , followed by peppered vinegar .
In 2006 , she wrote a book with hundreds of puzzles in it , called The Mammoth Book of Secret Codes and Cryptograms .
Beaumont-sur-Sarthe is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France .
This game is a sequel to Super Smash Bros. for the Nintendo 64 . Super Smash Bros. .
Melee is for the Nintendo GameCube . The sequel is called Super Smash Bros. .
Super Smash Bros. .
The longitude of the ascending node -LRB- â or Î -RRB- is one of the orbital elements used to specify the orbit of an object in space .
It is the angle from a reference direction , called the origin of longitude , to the direction of the ascending node , measured in a reference plane .
Marcelo Mattos -LRB- born 10 February 1984 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Interest in taking photographs soon followed .
Joao Costa , the head of the Mozambican Photographic Association -LRB- AMF -RRB- , spoke of Rangel saying , `` the man has died , but his work remains '' .
He next became the head photographer at the Lourenco Marques daily newspaper , A Tribuna , from 1960 until 1964 .
The movie â Ricardo Rangel â `` Hot Ironâ , the director Licinio de Azevedo is a film designed the Instituto CamÃ es in Luanda as part of the cycle CPLP Film Festival which takes place in the Angolan capital of the 10th day September 16 , 2009 .
Rangel also founded the Mozambican Photography Association , serving as the organization 's first chairman .
Rangel died in his sleep at his home in Maputo , Mozambique , on June 11 , 2009 , at the age of 85 .
Many of Rangel 's colonial era photographs were banned or destroyed by Portuguese government censors , and could not be published or exhibited until Mozambique 's independence in 1975 .
Rangel 's photography career began during as the early 1940s by developing pictures in a private studio .
His father was a Greek businessman and Rangel was of African , European and Chinese descent .
Rangel moved to Noticias de Tarde sister publication , NotÃ cias , in 1956 .
Rangel was hired as the first non-white employee to join the Mozambican newspaper Noticias de Tarde in 1952 , where he worked as a photographer .
Rangel became the first director of the weekly Mozambican publication Domingo in 1981 .
Prime Minister Luisa Diogo praised Rangel 's life and career at his funeral , noting that Rangel left `` an indelible mark on the history of Mozambique . ''
He was later bestowed the title of Life President by members of the association and remained the aaosciation 's
Ricardo Rangel , photographer , 80 years , is the living symbol of the generation that in the late 40 started the first complaints against the colonial situation .
Rangel began showing his work in European and African art galleries and museums beginning in 1983 .
Organized by the embassies of the CPLP countries accredited in Angola , the cycle includes the display of five films of Portugal , Brazil , Cabo Verde , Mozambique and Angola second source of Embassy of Mozambique in Luanda , contacted by AIM in Lisbon .
Ricardo Achiles Rangel -LRB- 15 February 1924 - 11 June 2009 -RRB- was a Mozambican photojournalist and photographer .
He was appointed the chief photographer of Noticias in 1977 , after most other photojournalists had left the country following Mozambique 's independence .
The film , lasting 52 minutes , is a documentary 80 years of Ricardo Rangel , 60 of which were dedicated to photography , directed by Licinio de Azevedo and co-produced by Camilo de Sousa and Ebano MultimÃ dia .
In 2008 , Rangel was awarded an honorary doctorate in social science for his `` contribution to Mozambican culture '' from Eduardo Mondlane University , which is Mozambique 's oldest and largest university .
Rangel was born in the city of Lourenco Marques , now known as Maputo , Portuguese East Africa in February 1924 .
In this movie , Richard takes us on his life and work , where the city of Maputo , the bohemian and jazz have a special place
He returned to the city of Lourenco Marques during the late 1960s and returned to NotÃ cias .
He went on to found the Photographic Training Centre , school for photography , in Maputo in 1983 and remained the center 's director until his death in 2009 .
Rangel moved to the city of Beira during the mid-1960s .
From then until the end of civil war after independence , Ricardo photographed 60 years of history of Mozambique .
She also praised Rangel 's colony era work which was used `` to denounce colonial dictatorship , '' and pointed out that many of Rangel 's photographs had been banned until Mozambique 's independence .
Additionally , Rangel was elected to the Maputo Municipal Assembly from 1998 to 2003 as a member of the Juntos Pela Cidade -LRB- Together for the City -RRB- .
Rangel 's worked as Tempos main photojournalist , often documenting poverty or Portuguese policies which were perceived as unfair by the publication .
It was filmed and completed a few months before the death of Rangel , on June 11 , 2009
Rangel took an active role in training new Mozambican photographers throughout the post-independence era and Mozambican Civil War .
Rangel joined with four other Mozambican journalists in 1970 to found a weekly magazine called Tempo , which in effect acted as the only publication in opposition to Portuguese rule .
Rangel 's funeral , which was held at Maputo City Hall on June 15 , 2009 , was attended by several dignitaries , including Prime Minister Luisa Diogo .
Mozambique gained independence from Portugal in 1975 .
He became a frequent target of the Portuguese secret police , the PIDE .
He worked as a photographer for several Beira-based newspapers including DiÃ rio de MoÃ ambique , Voz Africana and NotÃ cias da Beira .
He was buried in the Lhanguene cemetery in Maputo .
He was survived by his Swiss wife , Beatrice .
Jazz music was played at the funeral according to his wishes , as Rangel was a fan of jazz .
While photographing the city of the settlers , Ricardo showed the inhumanity and cruelty of colonialism .
Rangel was raised by his African grandmother in the impoverished suburbs surrounding Lourenco Marques , while he visited his parents in the outlying provinces .
Additionally , Tempo was also Mozambique 's first full color magazine .
One famous example is the homotopy equivalence of a coffee cup and a donut .
At different times in his life , Jeong had many kinds of ho , or pen name .
He watched over the building of Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon in the 1790s .
The most famous name was Dasan , which meant `` tea mountain . ''
After his death , the King gave Jeong the special name Mundo -LRB- ë ë \/ æ -- å -RRB- .
Other pen names of his include Sammi -LRB- ì 1\/4 ë \/ ä ç -RRB- , Yeoyudang -LRB- ì -- ì ë \/ è ç å -RRB- , Saam -LRB- ì ì '' \/ ä è -RRB- , Jahadoin -LRB- ì í ë ì \/ ç `` é é `` ä -RRB- , Tagong -LRB- í ì \/ ç ç -RRB- , Taesu -LRB- í ì \/ è '' å -RRB- , Munamirin -LRB- ë ì '' ì 1\/4 ì \/ é -- å -- é ä -RRB- , and Cheolmasancho -LRB- ì ë ì ì \/ é é å æ -RRB- .
Jeong was born , and died in Namyangju , Gyeonggi province .
This later inspired his writings .
Jeong Yak-yong was also one of the earliest Korean Catholic people .
He was also a thinker in the `` Practical Learning '' , -LRB- silhak -RRB- .
Mun meant writing or literature , and do meant law .
At birth , his father gave Jeong the name Gwinong , -LRB- ê ë \/ æ è 3\/4 -RRB- .
Jeong used it while in his exile near a mountain of the same name , in Gangjin County , on the coast of South Jeolla province .
Jeong Yak-yong , also called Jeong Yag-yong , was a Korean philosopher in the Joseon Dynasty .
In 1794 , he was the secret royal inspector -LRB- ì '' í -- ì -- ì -RRB- of Gyeonggi province , and he checked and looked for the bad behaving officials .
Nuno Gomes -LRB- born 5 July 1976 -RRB- is a Portuguese football player . He plays for Benfica and Portugal national team .
Alexandertorte , also known as Alexander Torte or Aleksander Torte , is a dessert of pastry strips filled with raspberry preserves .
The Small White -LRB- Pieris rapae -RRB- is a small to mid-sized butterfly of the Yellows and Whites Pieridae family .
Its underwings are yellowish with black speckle .
The eggs are laid singularly on foodplant leaves .
Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages , but it will lay eggs as well on wild members of the cabbage family such as Charlock Sinapis arvensis and Hedge Mustard Sisybrium officinale .
Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings .
The upperside is creamy white with black tips to the forewings .
It looks like a smaller version of the Large White .
It is common across Europe , North Africa and Asia and has also been accidentally introduced to North America , Australia and New Zealand where they have become pests on cultivated cabbages and other mustard family crops .
It has two flight periods , Aprilâ `` May and Julyâ `` August .
Along with the Large White it is sometimes known as the Cabbage White or Cabbage Butterfly .
Southeast Alaska , sometimes called the Alaska Panhandle is the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Alaska . It is west of the northern half of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
A lot of of the panhandle is part of the Tongass National Forest , which is the biggest national forest in the United States .
This part of Alaska is known for its mild rainy climate and beautiful scenery .
The most common trees are evergreens called the sitka spruce and the western hemlock .
Because of all the mountains , glaciers , and towns on islands in Southeastern Alaska , almost all the towns except Hyder , Skagway , and Haines have no roads that go to other places . Airplanes and boats are the major means of transport .
The Alaska Marine Highway passes through Southeast Alaska .
Some other towns are Petersburg , Wrangell , Angoon , Craig , Klawock and Skagway .
The 2000 census population of the Panhandle was 72,954 people . About 42 % of them live in the city of Juneau .
The big cities in Southeast Alaska are Juneau , Ketchikan , and Sitka .
The Panhandle has a land area of 35138 m. This is only 6.14 % of Alaska 's land area , but the Panhandle is bigger than Maine , and almost as big as the state of Indiana .
Wildlife you might see on land there include brown bears , black bears , wolves , and deer . In the ocean there are humpback whales , orcas , five species of salmon and many other kinds of fish .
Later during the gold-rush steam ships used it . Today it is used by ferries and cruise ships .
On August 20 , 1902 , President Theodore Roosevelt opened the Alexander Archipelago Forest Reserve , which became the Tongass National Forest later .
Southeast Alaska is a rain forest within what is called the Pacific temperate rain forest zone .
hr Ovi korisnici govore hrvatski kao materinji jezik .
These users are native speakers of Croatian .
Pitta was drafted out of the Brigham Young University by the Baltimore Ravens with the 114th pick in the fourth round of the 2010 NFL Draft .
Dennis Pitta -LRB- born June 29 , 1985 in Fresno , California -RRB- is an American Football tight end for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
A sequel was released for the game in 2007 . It was PQ2 : Practical Intelligence Quotient 2 or Intelligent License 2 and worked pretty much the same , but had a puzzle creator .
The North Atlantic oscillation is a climatic phenomenon in the North Atlantic Ocean .
It controls the strength and direction of westerly winds and storms ' tracks over the Atlantic Basin .
Makoto Yonekura -LRB- born 28 December 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Wesley children 's early education was given by their parents in the Epworth rector .
In 1696 Samuel Welsey was appointed rector of Epworth , where John , the fifteenth child , was born . The Wesley children 's early education was given by their parents in the Epworth rector .
John was admitted to Charterhouse school , London , when he lived the stations methodical and -LRB- for a while -RRB- religious life in which he had been trained at here .
At the age of five , John was rescued from the burning rectory .
This escape made deep impression on his mind , and he regarded himself as proventially set apart , as a `` brand plucked from burning '' .
He examined and sent out preachers , began aid charities , prescribed for the sick , helped the use of electric shock for the treatment of illness .
Each child including the girls , was taught to read as they can could walk , and talk .
In 1869 Samuel married Susanna Annesley .
John Wesley was born in Epworth , England 23 miles -LRB- 37 km -RRB- north west of Lincoln . , the son of Samuel Wesley , a graduate of Oxford , and minister of the Church of England .
Lynn Nolan Ryan -LRB- born January 31 , 1947 -RRB- is a former Major League Baseball pitcher .
Sandwich is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois . The population is 7 , 337 and is in the county 's DeKalb , Kendall and LaSalle .
Ã vosges is a commune .
Bayas is a commune .
It is divisible by 2 , 4 , 7 , and 14 .
Clarence Clifton Young -LRB- born November 7 , 1922 -RRB- was an American politician from the state of Nevada .
Tatsuya Ishikawa -LRB- born 25 December 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Montedio Yamagata .
Nairobi National Park is the smallest park in Kenya .
Joel Norman Quenneville -LRB- born September 15 , 1958 in Windsor , Ontario -RRB- is a former Canadian ice hockey player and current head coach for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Revolution Studios is a movie production company founded in 2000 and closed in 2007 .
Street furniture are objects and pieces of equipment installed on streets and roads for different purposes , including traffic barrier , benches , bollards , post boxes , phone boxes , streetlamps , street lighting , traffic lights , traffic signs , bus stops , grit bins , tram stops , taxi stands , public lavatories , fountains and memorials , and waste receptacles .
An important consideration in the design of street furniture is how it affects road safety .
Croats are a South Slavic nation mostly living in Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries .
There are around 5 million Croats living in the southern Central Europe region , along the east bank of the Adriatic Sea and an estimated 9 million throughout the world .
Croats are noted for their unique culture , which has been throughout the ages variously influenced by both the Eastern world and the Western world .
The Croats are predominantly Catholic and their language is Croatian .
Large Croat communities exist in a number of countries , including Chile , the United States , Argentina , Australia , Germany , New Zealand and South Africa .
This is a list of clubs who have played in the English Premier League at any time since 1992 to the current season .
Founding members of the Premier League are shown in italics .
A total of 43 teams have played in the Premier League
Enlgish Premier League teams playing in the 2009-10 Premier League season are in bold .
Keith Moon died in 1978 . The band released two more studio albums with drummer Kenney Jones before disbanding in 1983 .
The Who were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990 .
In 2002 planning for recording an album of new material was put on hold after John Entwistle 's death at the age of 57 .
They re-formed at events such as Live Aid and for reunion tours such as their 25th anniversary tour and the Quadrophenia tours of 1996 and 1997 .
Then Yatsuhashi was born .
It is made from rice , sugar and cinnamon .
Yatsuhashi is a Japanese treat . It is sometimes sold a souvenir sweet .
Ã rsted was also a writer and poet .
Hans Christian Ã rsted -LRB- August 14 , 1777 â `` March 9 , 1851 -RRB- was a Danish physicist and chemist .
His poetry series Luftskibet -LRB- `` Airship '' -RRB- was inspired by the balloon flights of his physicist friend , Ã tienne-Gaspard Robert .
Brixton tube station , a station on the London Underground opened on July 23 1971 , is the southern terminus of the Victoria Line .
George D. Beauchamp -LRB- 1899 - 1941 -RRB- was an inventor of musical instruments and co-founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker .
Born in Texas , he played the violin and the lap steel guitar in Vaudeville before going into the business of then manufacturing of electric lap steel guitars , electric guitars , electric bass guitars , electric violins and combo instrument amplifiers .
He is the son of writer Tom Whedon and the brother of writer-producer-director Joss Whedon .
He graduated from Wesleyan University in 2002 with a film degree .
Gambino was known for being low-key and secretive and unlike many modern mobsters , Gambino served no time in prison , but lived to the age of 74 , when he died of a heart attack in bed .
No one expected Gambino to seize control over the Commission of La Cosa Nostra in the US , at 1957 Apalachin Convention .
Carlo `` Don Carlo '' Gambino , -LRB- August 24,1902 - October 15,1976 -RRB- was a Mafioso who became Boss of the Gambino crime family , that is still takes the name today .
Mulhal Mughlan is a village and Union Council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
He was the son of a silk manufacturer at Lyon , where he was born , originally intended to follow his father 's business ; but as a volunteer in the cavalry of the national guard at Lyons in 1792 his military ability got him rapid promotion .
He died near Marseille on 3 January 1826 .
Louis Gabriel Suchet , 1st Duc d'Albufera -LRB- 2 March 1770 -- 3 January 1826 -RRB- was a Marshal of France and one of Napoleon 's most brilliant generals .
In 1812 he captured Valencia , for which he was rewarded with the ducal victory title of duc d'Albufera da Valencia in 1813 .
As chef de bataillon he was present at the Siege of Toulon in 1793 , where he took General O'Hara prisoner .
Honorine Anthoine de Saint-Joseph -LRB- Marseille , 26 February 1790 -- Paris , 13 April 1884 -RRB- , a niece of Julie Clary , the wife of Joseph Bonaparte , and soon afterwards was ordered to Spain .
Beaten by the Spanish at AlcaÃ iz , he sprung back and soundly defeated the army of Blake at MarÃ a on 14 June 1809 , and on 22 April 1810 defeated Henry Joseph O'Donnell , Count of La Bisbal at Lleida .
He obtained the title of count on 19 March 1808 , married on 16 November of the same year Mlle .
In the campaigns of 1805 and 1806 he greatly enhanced his reputation at Austerlitz , Saalfeld , Jena , PuÅ tusk and Ostrolenka .
He was named commander of the army of Aragon and governor of that region , and in two years brought the area into complete submission .
He was made marshal of France -LRB- 8 July 1811 -RRB- .
The restored Bourbon king Louis XVIII made him a peer of France on 4 June , with a seat in the upper house , but , having commanded one of Napoleon 's armies on the Alpine frontier during the Hundred Days , he was deprived of his peerage on 24 July 1815 .
The discus throw is the subject of a number of well-known ancient Greek statues and Roman copies of them .
She was instrumental in the mod fashion movement , and one of the designers who took credit for inventing the miniskirt and hot pants .
In addition to the miniskirt , Mary Quant is often credited with inventing the colored and patterned tights -LRB- pantyhose -RRB- that often went with the miniskirt . These are also attributed to Cristobal Balenciaga or John Bates .
In November 1955 , she teamed up with her husband , Alexander Plunkett-Grene , and a former solicitor , Archie McNair , to open a clothes shop on the Kings Road in Chelsea called Bazaar .
In the late 1960s , Quant popularized hot pants .
Mary Quant named the miniskirt after her favorite make of car , the Mini .
Mary Quant OBE FCSD -LRB- born 11 February 1934 in Blackheath , London -RRB- is a British fashion designer .
Bazaar 's best sellers were small white plastic collars to brighten up black dresses or t-shirts .
Through the 1970s and 1980s she concentrated on household goods and make-up , rather than just her clothing lines .
She loved the car so much , she had one designed especially for her .
In 2000 she resigned as director of Mary Quant Ltd. , her cosmetics company , after a Japanese buy-out .
At a talk at the Victoria and Albert Museum in 2007 she claimed to have invented duvet covers .
Skirts had been getting shorter since about 1958 â `` a development Mary Quant thought was practical and liberating , allowing women to run for a bus .
The miniskirt , which she is most famous for , became one of the defining fashions of the 1960s .
Like most fashion , the short - and ever-shorter skirt was evolving already among individual fashion-minded young women : The designers who adapted it just helped spread the style and , in Quant 's case , gave it a name .
There are over 200 Mary Quant Colour shops in Japan , where Quant fashions continue to enjoy popularity .
The miniskirt was also developed separately by AndrÃ CourrÃ ges and John Bates , and there is disagreement as to who came up with the idea first .
She is a Fellow of the Chartered Society of Designers , and winner of the Minerva Medal , the Society 's highest award .
Black stretch stockings were also popular .
It is in the story of Jason and his group of Argonauts . They set out on a quest ordered by King Pelias to get the fleece so that Jason can rightfully claim the throne of Iolcus in Thessaly .
Another , much less-known Argonautica , using the same body of myth , was written in Latin by Valerius Flaccus during the time of Vespasian .
In later versions the ram is said to have been the child of the sea god Poseidon and Themisto -LRB- less often , Nephele or Theophane -RRB- .
The famous telling is the Argonautica of Apollonius of Rhodes , written in mid-third century BC Alexandria . It reused early sources that have not survived .
The story is very old ; it was current in the time of Homer in the eighth century BC .
Walker Percy -LRB- May 28 , 1916 -- May 10 , 1990 -RRB- was an American author .
A SoufflÃ is a light fluffy food , made from egg whites .
Aitor LÃ pez Rekarte -LRB- born 18 August 1975 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
The metropolitan counties were divided into metropolitan districts which are usually called boroughs . When the county councils were abolished the metropolitan districts gained much of their powers and therefore function similar to other unitary authorities .
The Linux kernel was made up of 2.4 million lines of code , or 8 % of all the code .
There is a lot of software for Linux , and since Linux is open source it means that most of the software for it is open source and free . This is one of the reasons why some people like to use Linux .
A little more than half of all lines of code were licensed under the GPL .
Linux is commonly used as an operating system for supercomputers . As of November 2007 , out of the top 500 systems , 426 -LRB- 85.2 % -RRB- run Linux .
Most of the code -LRB- 71 % -RRB- was written in the C programming language , and many other languages were used , including C + + , assembly language , Perl , Python , Fortran , and various shell scripting languages .
Linux relied on software code from MINIX at first .
To make the Linux kernel suitable for use with the code from the GNU Project , Linus Torvalds started a switch from his original license -LRB- which did not allow people to sell it -RRB- to the GNU GPL .
CrossOver is a proprietary solution based on the open source Wine project that supports running older Windows versions of Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop versions until CS2 .
â Other key components of a Linux system may use other licenses ; many libraries use the GNU Lesser General Public License -LRB- LGPL -RRB- , a type of the GPL that is less restricted , and the X Window System uses the MIT License .
A 2001 study of Red Hat Linux 7.1 found this distribution had 30 million lines of code .
the study also said , if all this software had been made by proprietary means , it would have cost about 1.08 billion dollars -LRB- in year 2000 U.S.A. dollars -RRB- to make in the United States .
The study said red hat 7.1 required about eight thousand man-years of time to development .
Linux and GNU developers worked together to integrate GNU code with Linux to make a free operating system .
The Linux kernel and most GNU software are licensed under the GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- .
The GPL requires that anyone who distributes the Linux kernel must make the source code -LRB- and any modifications -RRB- available to the recipient under the same terms .
He won Super Bowl XLII with the Giants on February 3 , 2008 .
Amani Toomer -LRB- born September 8 , 1974 in Berkeley , California -RRB- is a retired American football wide receiver that played for the New York Giants and Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League .
-LRB- Mean Time Between Failures -LRB- MTBF -RRB- is closely related to Failure rate .
For example , as an automobile grows older , the failure rate in its fifth year of service may be many times greater than its failure rate during its first year of service -- one simply does not expect to replace an exhaust pipe , overhaul the brakes , or have major transmission problems in a new vehicle .
A similar ratio used in the transport industries , especially in railways and trucking is ` Mean Distance Between Failure ' , a variation which attempts to correlate actual loaded distances to similar reliability needs and practices .
It is often written as the Greek letter Î '' -LRB- lambda -RRB- and is important in reliability theory .
Failure rate is usually time dependent , and an intuitive corollary is that the rate changes over time versus the expected life cycle of a system .
In the special case when the likelihood of failure remains constant with respect to time -LRB- for example , in some product like a brick or protected steel beam -RRB- , and ignoring the time to recover from failure , failure rate is simply the inverse of the Mean Time Between Failures -LRB- MTBF -RRB- .
Failure rate is the frequency with which an engineered system or component fails . Usually it is expressed in a number of failzres per time period , like failures per hour .
Cradle 2 the Grave is a 2003 action movie that was produced by Joel Silver and directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak .
I once was lost , but now am found , Was blind , but now I see .
Amazing grace , how sweet the sound That savâ d a wretch like me !
The American Girl series was first created by The Pleasant Company in 1986 , but today it is made by Mattel , a large toy company .
The vans went by the names of Sport Van , Beauville and Chevrolet G-Series . GMC 's version of the vans were called Vandura and Rally Wagon .
Noritada Saneyoshi -LRB- born 19 October 1972 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player . He has played for Gamba Osaka .
Social gerontologists may have degrees or training in social work , nursing , psychology , sociology , demography , gerontology , or other social science disciplines .
Most `` life extensionists '' believe the human life span can be altered within the 21st century .
Gerontology -LRB- from Greek : Î Î Ï Ï Î 1\/2 , geron , `` old man '' and - Î '' Î Î Î Î , - logy , `` study of '' -RRB- is the study of the social , psychological and biological aspects of aging .
It is distinguished from geriatrics , which is the branch of medicine that studies the disease of the elderly .
It includes Biomedical gerontology , also known as experimental gerontology and life extension , is a sub discipline of biogerontology that endeavors to slow , prevent , and even reverse aging in both humans and animals .
Curing age-related diseases is one approach , and slowing down the underlying processes of aging with the help of physical exercises is another .
Social gerontology is a multi-disciplinary sub-field that specializes in studying or working with older adults .
Social gerontologists are responsible for educating , researching , and advancing the broader causes of older people by giving informative presentations , publishing books and articles that pertain to the aging population , producing relevant films and television programs , and producing new graduates of these various disciplines in college and university settings .
Wissignicourt is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Briarwood is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Remember that signatures are not substituted in the block reason field .
Important : Only use sig = ~ ~ ~ ~ if you wish to sign the default blocking notice when used on a talk page .
You are encouraged to use this template as a blocking reason whenever you are blocking a shared educational IP .
As this template is rather large , it is preferable that we do not have it displayed multiple times simultaneously for each talk page .
For blocks shorter than three months , it is recommended that you do not duplicate this notice on a blocked IP 's talk page and instead use other user block templates to provide immediate notification to the vandal of the block .
This template was designed especially for use as a block reason as readers frequently attempt to email us before they even read their IP address 's talk page .
Recommendations : Do not substitute -LRB- `` subst : '' -RRB- this template as contact details may change in the future .
Notre-Dame-de-Livaye is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
It soon spread to conservatives among the Baptists and other denominations during and immediately following the First World War .
The term `` fundamentalism '' has its roots in the Niagara Bible Conference -LRB- 1878 â `` 1897 -RRB- which defined those things that were fundamental to Christian belief .
The movement 's purpose was to reaffirm orthodox Protestant Christianity and zealously defend it against the challenges of liberal theology , German higher criticism , Darwinism , and other movements which it regarded as harmful to Christianity .
The term was also used to describe `` The Fundamentals '' , a collection of twelve books on five subjects published in 1910 and funded by Milton and Lyman Stewart
Fundamentalism began as a movement in the U.S. , starting among conservative Presbyterian academics and theologians at Princeton Theological Seminary in the first decade of the Twentieth Century .
Jamshoro -LRB- Urdu : Ø Ø Ù
It is located on the right bank of Indus River . It is about 18 kilometres north-west of the city of Hyderabad .
Ø Ù Ø Ù -RRB- is the capital city of Jamshoro District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Metroid is the first game in the Metroid series and stars the character Samus Aran .
Rouvroy-sur-Serre is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The song was released in North America on October 2 , 2007 as part of Pocketful of Sunshine , the second studio album by Natasha Bedingfield which was released in 2008 .
Love Like This is an R&B song by singer Natasha Bedingfield featuring Sean Kingston .
McIntire is a city of Iowa in the United States .
It is home to the Minot State University which opened in 1913 .
Minot is a town in North Dakota in the United States .
Fumie Suguri -LRB- æ ` ä '' ç `` æ Suguri Fumie born December 31 , 1980 in Yokohama -RRB- is a Japanese figure skater .
Her younger sister Chika Suguri is figure skater likewise , too .
She is a five-times Japanese National Champion , three-times World Championships medalist , and 2003-2004 's Grand Prix Final Champion .
Osborne House is a former royal residence East Cowes on the Isle of Wight , England .
Osborne House is a former royal residence East Cowes on the Isle of Wight , England . It was in purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1845 .
The solent reminded by Prince Albert of the Bay of Naples , but the old house was too small for their needs , and the house was demolished and rebuilt by Thomas Cubitt .
It was in purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1845 .
Igbo is a language spoken in Nigeria .
The Fleetwood Weekly News is a weekly newspaper based in Fleetwood , Lancashire , England . It is published every week , on a Wednesday , which covers Fleetwood and North Fylde .
Metropolis Records is a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania based record label , distributor , and mail-order store specializing in the electro-industrial , synthpop , futurepop , darkwave , and gothic musical genres .
Many of the bands on Metropolis are signed to European labels for their European releases while releasing albums in North America through Metropolis .
Its parts are a single negatively-charged electron that circles a single positively-charged nucleus of the hydrogen atom .
The nucleus of hydrogen consists of only a single proton -LRB- in the case of hydrogen-1 or protium -RRB- , or it may also include one or more neutrons -LRB- giving deuterium , tritium , and other isotopes -RRB- .
A hydrogen atom is an atom of the chemical element hydrogen .
Aadorf is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Takeshi Okada -LRB- born 25 August 1956 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
GÃ del 's work has had a big impact on scientific and philosophical thinking in the 20th century . Many people , such as Bertrand Russell , A. N. Whitehead , and David Hilbert , tried to use logic and set theory at that time .
The theorems were published in 1931 . He was 25 years of age , and had just finished his doctorate at the University of Vienna one year earlier .
To prove this theorem , GÃ del developed a technique now known as GÃ del numbering , which codes formal expressions as natural numbers .
He also showed that the continuum hypothesis can not be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , if those axioms are consistent .
He made important contributions to proof theory . He did this by clarifying the connections between classical logic , intuitionistic logic , and modal logic .
Kurt GÃ del -LRB- April 28 , 1906 Brno , then Austria-Hungary , now Czech Republic -- January 14 , 1978 Princeton , New Jersey -RRB- was a logician , mathematician , and philosopher of mathematics .
An album of remixes of tracks from Silent Alarm was released at the end of August in the UK .
Before the release of the album , BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe played a live recording of the band at the Maida Vale studio , featuring both old and new songs , on his radio show on 30 January 2007 .
The animated music video for `` Pioneers '' was made by Shoreditch-based designers Minivegas . It was number one in the NME video charts for four weeks .
The single also had a remix of `` Banquet '' done by The Streets , for which a music video was also made .
There are four people in the band . Kele Okereke does the vocals and plays rhythm guitar , Russell Lissack plays the lead guitar , Gordon Moakes plays bass guitar and Matt Tong plays the drums .
The song had an electronic sound like the last single , `` Flux '' .
The next single , `` I Still Remember '' , was Bloc Party 's highest charting single in America . It got to number 24 on the Modern Rock Chart .
The band formed at the 1999 Reading Festival .
As well as this , they played at the Glasgow date of MTV Two and Topman 's `` Gonzo on Tour '' on 19 October 2008 .
After the digital release of Intimacy , Bloc Party said to the public that they would go on another UK tour , starting on 25 January 2009 in Glasgow .
The first single from the album , `` So Here We Are '' , made the top 5 on UK charts .
The band talked about the release of their third album with fans on a forum on 18 August 2008 .
It was voted as the NME album of the year for 2005 , and reached number three on UK album charts before being certified platinum .
The band have said in interviews that the name was not supposed to be related to the Soviet Bloc or the Canadian political party Bloc QuÃ bÃ cois .
On 20 August 2008 , the band added more album tracks , `` Signs '' and `` One Month Off '' , as well as `` Trojan Horse '' , to their MySpace profile .
However , Gordon Moakes said on the group 's official Internet forum that the name was made by joining the eastern `` Blocs '' and the western `` parties '' , in the political sense .
This song was not on Intimacy and was played on Radio One on the 18th of June 2009 .
`` Two More Years '' was released later at the same time as their October 2005 UK tour .
They had their next live performance in the UK on 30 September 2008 with a special concert in London as part of Q Awards : The Gigs .
Further , the singles `` Banquet '' , `` Helicopter '' and `` Pioneers '' , managed to reach the UK top 20 but did not do as well as `` So Here We Are '' .
It entered at number 12 in the Billboard 200 , with 48,000 copies sold .
A concert like that one followed a week later on 30 August 2008 , when the band played as the main act at the Hydro Connect Music Festival , in Argyll , Scotland .
Moakes also said that the name was not chosen only for this reason , but because it `` looked , sounded , and seemed fine , so we went with it . ''
The band also played sets at T in the Park and Oxegen 2007 that same weekend , as well as Glastonbury and the Reading and Leeds Festivals .
In June 2009 they announced that their new single is called One More Chance .
On 20 May 2007 , Bloc Party were the first band to play that year on the In New Music We Trust stage at the BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend at Preston .
The band 's first concert following the release of A Weekend In The City was on 5 February 2007 , in Reading . It was played live on BBC 6 Music that night .
During July , Bloc Party recorded two new tracks with Silent Alarm producer Paul Epworth .
`` Mercury '' , the first single from Bloc Party 's third album Intimacy , was played on Zane Lowe 's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 July 2008 . It then appeared on the Radio 1 website fifteen minutes later .
Bloc Party said that they would tour Australia and New Zealand in August 2007 , which would include a special concert at the Splendour in the Grass Festival on 5 August .
The success of the track led to the release of another single , `` Banquet '' , which was released by Moshi Moshi Records . They went on to sign with independent label Wichita Recordings in April 2004 .
After the success of the album , the established electronic group The Chemical Brothers soon collaborate with Okereke for `` Believe '' , a track on the Brothers ' Push the Button album .
Bloc Party was first noticed by giving BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and Franz Ferdinand 's lead singer Alex Kapranos a copy of its music demo , `` She 's Hearing Voices '' .
The release of this EP came with another release of Silent Alarm , which had on it both `` Two More Years '' and old single `` Little Thoughts '' .
`` Trojan Horse '' , a song from the album , was made available to stream through NMEs website .
During Autumn 2008 , the band played in North America and Canada . They played at the Virgin Mobile Festival in Toronto on 6 September 2008 , and had their first ever American college show at Syracuse University .
Moakes joined after reading an advertisement in NME magazine . Tong was picked through an audition .
They also took part in the UK Live Earth concert on 7 July 2007 at Wembley Stadium .
On 8 September 2008 , Bloc Party said that their next single , `` Talons '' would be released on 20 October 2008 .
The band were first noticed after lead singer Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 . He gave a CD of `` She 's Hearing Voices '' to both lead singer Alex Kapranos and Radio One DJ Steve Lamacq .
The album then was made available for pre-order in many formats - a high-quality MP3 download with the CD release on 27 October 2008 .
Afterwards , Lamacq played the song on his radio show . He called the track `` genius '' , and he invited them to record a live session for the show .
On 1 February 2007 , A Weekend in the City was made able free to listen to on the band 's official MySpace page .
The album went on to sell more than 350,000 copies in North America and over a million worldwide .
They went through many names before Bloc Party was chosen in 2003 .
The first single , `` The Prayer '' , was released on 29 January . It became the single which did the best in the UK Top 40 for the band , reaching fourth place .
Robert A. Heinlein had become her friend after she helped him when he was a guest at the 34th Worldcon in Kansas City . He partly dedicated his novel Friday to her .
She went to live in England with her son Bob Fenner in 1996 . She is now married there to her third husband .
Cadigan has won several awards , including : Nebula Award for Best Short Story in 1986 ; the Philip K. Dick Award in 1987 for Mindplayers ; the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1991 ; the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1992 and 1995 for her novels Synners and Fools .
Cadigan sold her first professional science fiction story in 1980 . She became a full-time writer in 1987 .
As Venusian twins , Cadigan said they had other superpowers too . Sometimes they would help Superman , Wonder Woman and other heroes , she said .
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , she was a magazine editor . She worked on small press fantasy and science fiction magazines called Chacal and Shayol with her second husband , Arnie Fenner .
Her novels and short stories all share a common theme of exploring the relationship between the human mind and technology .
Pat Cadigan is an American science fiction author . Her work is part of the cyberpunk movement .
She was born in Schenectady , New York , and grew up in Fitchburg , Massachusetts .
In the 1960s , Cadigan and a childhood girlfriend `` invented a whole secret life in which we were twins from the planet Venus , '' she told National Public Radio .
The Beatles asked `` us for advice about their songs '' and help being famous , Cadigan says .
Reamy died in 1977 and Cadigan went to work as a writer for Kansas City 's Hallmark Cards .
Cadigan was a student at the University of Massachusetts and the University of Kansas . She studied with James Gunn at Kansas and graduated in 1975 .
One of her early stories appeared in Rock On -LRB- 1981 -RRB- .
That same year Cadigan joined the convention committee for MidAmeriCon , the 34th World Science Fiction Convention being held in Kansas City , Missouri over Labor Day weekend 1976 . Her job as a committee member was to help guest of honor Robert A. Heinlein .
The Russian Nobel laureate biologist Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov , from the Institut Pasteur in Paris , was influenced by Grigorov 's work and made a hypothesis that eating yoghurt regularly was the reason why Bulgarian peasants lived for so long .
bulgaricus -RRB- .
The business later expanded to the United States , where it was called Dannon .
His ally Suleiman the Magnificent sent a doctor , who cured the patient with yoghurt .
In 1905 he said that it contained a round and a rod-like lactic acid bacteria .
In the United States , `` yogurt ' '' is the usual spelling .
Yoghurt , or yogurt , is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
It was introduced to the United States in 1947 , by Dannon .
Yoghurt with fruit jam added to it was patented in 1933 by the RadlickÃ MlÃ kÃ rna dairy in Prague .
By the late 20th century yoghurt had become a common food in America and Colombo Yogurt was sold in 1993 to General Mills , who stopped using the brand name in 2010 .
The milk is heated to about 80 Â C to kill any bad bacteria and to change the milk proteins so that they set together instead of becoming curds .
Mechnikov believed that Lactobacillus was needed for good health , and worked to make yoghurt popular through Europe .
Stamen Grigorov -LRB- 1878 â `` 1945 -RRB- , a Bulgarian student of medicine in Geneva , first examined the bacteria in Bulgarian yoghurt .
In 1907 the rod-like bacteria was called Lactobacillus bulgaricus -LRB- now Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp .
The word is usually said with a short o in the UK , with a long o -LRB- \/ Ë joÊ É É rt \/ -RRB- in North America , Australia and South Africa , and with either a long or short o in New Zealand and Ireland .
In the United Kingdom `` yoghurt '' and `` yogurt '' are both used , but `` yoghurt '' is more common , and `` yoghourt '' is also sometimes used .
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour .
In the 1950s and 60s yoghurt became very popular in the United States because it was sold as a health food .
Both texts mention the word `` yoghurt '' in different sections and describe how it was used .
The grateful French king spread around the information about the food which had cured him .
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour . Yoghurt made from cow 's milk is called dairy yoghurt .
After it is cooled to about 45 Â C , the bacteria culture is added , and the milk is kept at that temperature for 4 to 7 hours to ferment .
The oldest writings mentioning yogurt were by Pliny the Elder , who said that some people knew how to thicken the milk into something which was sour but tasty .
Many people who are lactose-intolerant can enjoy yoghurt , because much of the lactose in the milk has become lactic acid .
In Canada , `` yogurt '' is most common among English speakers , but many brands use `` yogourt , '' because it is correct in both French and English .
Yoghurt made from cow 's milk is called dairy yoghurt .
A study in the International Journal of Obesity -LRB- 11 January 2005 -RRB- found that eating low-fat yoghurt can help weight loss .
The use of yoghurt by medieval Turks is recorded in the books Diwan Lughat al-Turk by Mahmud Kashgari and Kutadgu Bilig by Yusuf Has Hajib written in the 11th century .
Yoghurt has a lot of protein , calcium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 in it .
In Australia and New Zealand `` yoghurt '' is the main spelling .
Soy yoghurt is made from soy milk .
Francis I suffered from a serious diarrhoea which no French doctor could cure .
In 1919 , a Sephardic Jewish entrepreneur named Isaac Carasso started a small yoghurt business in Barcelona and named the business Danone -LRB- `` little Daniel '' -RRB- after his son .
Until the 1900s , yoghurt was eaten all the time by people in the Russian Empire -LRB- and especially Central Asia and the Caucasus -RRB- , Western Asia , South Eastern Europe\/Balkans , Central Europe , and India .
Yoghurt was first brought to the United States by Armenian immigrants Sarkis and Rose Colombosian , who started `` Colombo and Sons Creamery '' in Andover , Massachusetts in 1929 .
Colombo Yogurt was first sent around New England in a horse-drawn wagon with the Armenian word `` madzoon '' written on it . This was later changed to `` yogurt '' , the Turkish name of the product .
Yoghurt also has medical uses . and in preventing antibiotic-associated diarrhea .
Kirby 's Dream Land 2 , known in Japan as Hoshi no Kirby 2 is a platform video game made by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy game console .
The fourth movement , called Intermezzo interrotto by BartÃ k , has a flowing melody with a time signature which keeps changing . There is also a theme which pokes fun at the march tune in Dmitri Shostakovich 's `` Leningrad '' Symphony -LRB- No. 7 -RRB- .
The third movement , called Elegia by BartÃ k , is another slow movement , typical of BartÃ k 's night music .
It is in sonata form .
The first movement , called Introduzione by BartÃ k , is a slow introduction which sounds like music describing the night .
Saint-Laurent-de-Condel is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Daisuke Miyakawa -LRB- born 6 October 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
Only administrators can delete pages , categories , and images .
For any template that should not be deleted quickly , use Requests for deletion . When nominating a template for quick deletion , add ' before the deletion template , and ' after it so pages that use the template do not get listed for quick deletion as well .
Some pages should be discussed for seven days before deletion .
At other times , the deletion should be talked about with other editors at Requests for deletion .
Albury is a city in New South Wales , Australia .
The Murray River separates Albury from Wodonga .
Healesville Sanctuary , or the Sir Colin MacKenzie Fauna Park , is a zoo at Healesville in Victoria .
It also helps by breeding the endangered Helmeted honeyeater .
The Reserve was given to the Healesville Council in 1927 . It became the Sir Colin MacKenzie Sanctuary in 1934 .
Dr Colin MacKenzie -LRB- knighted in 1929 -RRB- set up the Institute of Anatomical Research in 1921 . It was on 73 a of land which had been part of the Coranderrk Aboriginal Reserve .
The only other zoo to have bred a platypus is Sydney 's Taronga Zoo .
The zoo is in a natural bush setting . Paths wind through different habitat areas with wallabies , wombats , dingoes , kangaroos , and over 200 Australian birds .
Obi-Wan Kenobi is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .
Along with Anakin Skywalker\/Darth Vader , R2-D2 , and C-3PO , he is one of the few major characters to appear in all of the six Star Wars films .
He is one of several primary characters in the Star Wars series .
He is portrayed in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor .
Kake is a city in Alaska .
When the Carolingian Empire was split by the Treaty of Meerssen , in 870 , Toul was given to East Francia .
Aliceville is a city in Pickens County , Alabama , United States .
According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates , the city had a population of 2,465 .
At the 2000 census the population was 2,567 .
There is also a paid magazine called TechNet Magazine .
Microsoft TechNet is a website owned by Microsoft , as source for information , news and events for IT professionals .
It is the longest glacier in the Karakoram and second longest in the world 's non-polar areas .
It ranges from an altitude of 5,753 m -LRB- 18,875 ft -RRB- above sea level at its source at Indira Col -LRB- pass -RRB- on the China border to its snout at 3,620 m -LRB- 11,875 ft -RRB-
Rudolf SkÃ cel -LRB- born 17 July 1979 -RRB- is a Czech football player .
Arabic is mostly spoken in Kuwait but English is widespread among Kuwaitis -LRB- residents of Kuwait -RRB- . Kuwait is one of the few nations that has education for every age .
The Declaration of Rights and Grievances was a document that made it official that taxes forced on British colonists without their formal consent were not lawful .
This was especially for the Stamp Act , which required that documents , newspapers , and playing cards were to be printed on special stamped and taxed paper .
Seyssel is a commune .
Unterlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Dice snake -LRB- Natrix tessellata -RRB- is a European non-venomous snake belonging to the family of Colubridae , subfamily Natricinae .
Lebanon , Palestine , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , France , Croatia , Slovenia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Republic of Macedonia , Serbia , Italy , Czech Republic , Poland , Albania , Romania , Bulgaria , Hungary , Turkey , Greece , Cyprus , Afghanistan , Russia , Ukraine , Armenia , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Iraq , Syria , Jordan , Yemen , Egypt , Pakistan , and China .
Khutbah -LRB- Arabic : -LRB- Ø Ø Ø Ø khuá bah -RRB- -RRB- is the primary formal occasion for public preaching in the Islamic tradition .
It was first published in 2000 .
Grandpa Never Lies is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher with pictures drawn by Harvey Stevenson .
Bernard Tomic was the defending champion , but was no longer eligible to compete as a Junior this year .
The Boys ' Singles tournament of the 2010 US Open started on Sunday September 5th , the seventh day of the main tournament .
Jack Sock , who received wildcard into the singles main draw , won this tournament , after defeating Denis Kudla in the final .
Maussane-les-Alpilles is a commune of 2,155 people -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
John Fitzgerald Kennedy -LRB- May 29 , 1917 - November 22 , 1963 -RRB- , also known as JFK , was the 35th president of the United States of America . He was in office from 1961 until he was assassinated -LRB- shot dead -RRB- in 1963 .
His killer , Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested but was shot dead by Jack Ruby two days later , before there was a trial .
See John F. Kennedy assassination for more information
Kennedy was murdered on November 22 , 1963 in Dallas , Texas while he was president , leaving the nation in shock .
It was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for `` Jesus Walks '' in 2005 .
It was voted as the best album of the year by Rolling Stone magazine and in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics poll , was ranked # 1 in Spin magazine 's `` 40 Best Albums of the Year '' , and received a near-perfect 4.5 mic rating from The Source .
Marklohe is a small village in Germany .
Hidekazu Otani -LRB- born 6 November 1984 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kashiwa Reysol .
The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge crossing the Firth of Forth in Scotland .
: For the nearby rail bridge , see Forth Rail Bridge . The Forth Road Bridge is a suspension bridge crossing the Firth of Forth in Scotland .
Yusuke Shimada -LRB- born 19 January 1982 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Tokushima Vortis .
Uwe Rahn -LRB- born 21 May 1962 -RRB- is a former German football player .
He is a member of the Minnesota Democraticâ `` Farmerâ `` Labor Party , which affiliates with the national Democratic Party .
Alan Stuart `` Al '' Franken -LRB- born May 21 , 1951 -RRB- is a United States Senator from Minnesota .
As well as the barnstars , there are several other awards .
Carpe diem is a famous phrase from one of the poems of Horace .
It means `` seize the day '' in Latin .
The poem is originally from Odes 1.11 . It is given in Latin and English below .
Neuville-Vitasse is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Asperjoc is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement , in the southern part of France .
When the site was chosen , it was a marshland outside the city walls .
It is situated on the Piazza di Santa Croce , about 800 metres south east of the Duomo .
Many very famous Italians , such as Michelangelo , Galileo , Machiavelli , Foscolo , Gentile , Rossini , and Marconi are buried inside the church . For this reason , the church is also known as the Pantheon of the Italian Glories -LRB- Tempio dell ` Itale Glorie or Pantheon dell ` Itale Glorie -RRB- .
The Basilica di Santa Croce -LRB- Basilica of the Holy Cross -RRB- is the main Franciscan church in Florence , Italy . It is a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church .
Napoli Soccer was renamed SocietÃ Sportiva Calcio Napoli in early 2006 .
These are the team managers of Plymouth Argyle and the dates they took over .
The club was made in 1886 , but it was called Argyle Athletic Club .
The first pilgrims traveled on the Mayflower .
Woodlawn Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Kozani is a city in northern Greece .
Kozani is a city in northern Greece . It is the capital of Kozani Prefecture and of the region of Macedonia .
It is the capital of Kozani Prefecture and of the region of Macedonia .
A Level crossing -LRB- or railroad crossing -RRB- is the place where a railway line and a road intersect on the same level .
The Red-shouldered Macaw is a species of parrot .
It has two subspecies , one called Hahn 's macaw , the other Noble Macaw .
This and other observations of acquired immunity was later exploited by Louis Pasteur -LRB- 1822-1895 -RRB- in his development of vaccination and his proposed Germ theory of disease .
Primary response can take 2 days to even 2 weeks to develop .
Immunology made a great advance towards the end of the 19th century , through rapid developments , in the study of humoral immunity and cellular immunity .
The earliest known mention of immunity was during the plague of Athens in 430 BC .
Immunology is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system .
Pasteur 's theory was in direct opposition to contemporary theories of disease , such as the miasma theory .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
In some organisms , the immune system has its own problems within itself , called disorders . These result in other diseases , including autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and possibly even cancer .
This process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination .
Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich -LRB- 1854-1915 -RRB- , who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction ; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908 , which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology , Ilya Mechnikov -LRB- 1845-1916 -RRB- .
In the 18th century , Pierre-Louis Moreau de Maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and observed that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom .
The system mounts stronger attacks each time the pathogen is encountered .
After the body gains immunity towards a certain pathogen , when infection by that pathogen occurs again , the immune response is called the secondary response .
It originates from medicine and early studies on the causes of immunity to disease .
Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic -LRB- inherited -RRB- disease , or an infection , such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- , that is caused by the retrovirus HIV , or other causes .
In contrast , autoimmune diseases result from an immune system that attacks normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms .
Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by Walter Reed -LRB- 1851-1902 -RRB- .
It was not until the proofs of Robert Koch -LRB- 1843-1910 -RRB- published in 1891 , for which he was awarded a Nobel Prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
Immunodeficiency diseases occur when the immune system is less active than normal .
Thucydides -LRB- 460-395 BC -RRB- noted that people who had recovered from a previous bout of some diseases could nurse the sick without contracting the illness a second time .
Southcentral Alaska is a part of the U.S. state of Alaska . It is located around the Gulf of Alaska .
Other towns include Palmer , Wasilla , Kenai\/Soldotna , Homer , Seward , Valdez , and Cordova .
Most of the population of the state lives in this part of the state . Anchorage , the largest city in Alaska , is here .
The area includes Cook Inlet , the Matanuska-Susitna Valley , the Kenai Peninsula , Prince William Sound , and the Copper River Valley .
Barbara Meier -LRB- born July 25 , 1986 in Amberg , Germany -RRB- is a model .
See this template 's talk page for information on how to use this template .
Bridport is a town near the A35 road in Dorset , England .
Agnez-l Ã s-Duisans is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Boulages is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
He has played for Japan national team .
Tadatoshi Masuda -LRB- born 25 December 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Ef -LRB- Ð , Ñ -RRB- is the nineteenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet .
Morgan Porterfield Freeman , Jr. -LRB- born June 1 , 1937 -RRB- is an award winning American Actor and Movie director .
Not to be confused with Imam , a prayer leader in Islam Iman is an Islamic term usually translated as `` belief or faith '' . It is often used to refer to the strength of conviction in a Muslim .
The album Jagged Little Pill touched many people .
Morissette has had many albums . Her 1995 album Jagged Little Pill became a very popular album .
Her 1995 album Jagged Little Pill became a very popular album . It has sold over 30 million copies worldwide .
The Union Council of Dhamtour is divided into the following areas : Banda Bazdar , Bandi Shoalian , Dhamtour , Guldhok , Jaswal , Nagaki , and Ukhreela .
It is situated to the west of Abbottabad city , and borders Sheikh-ul-Bandi to the north and Nagri Bala to the south .
Dhamtour is located at 34 Â 7 ' 60N 73 Â 16 ' 0E at a height of 1110 metres -LRB- 3645 feet -RRB- .
Asques is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyr Ã nÃ es region of southern France .
The bilateral relations between the Himalayan Kingdom of Bhutan and the Republic of India have been traditionally close . With independence in 1947 , India inherited the suzerainty over Bhutan enjoyed by the British Raj .
Although modified and modernized since , India remains influential over Bhutan 's foreign policy , defense and commerce .
With independence in 1947 , India inherited the suzerainty over Bhutan enjoyed by the British Raj .
The bilateral relations between the Himalayan Kingdom of Bhutan and the Republic of India have been traditionally close .
In the first half of the 20th century , clinical psychology mainly about psychological assessment , not treatment .
D. practitioner-scholar model which looks at treatment .
The first psychological clinic opened in 1896 at the University of Pennsylvania by Lightner Witmer .
There are two main educational models - the Ph. D. scientist-practitioner model which looks at research , and the Psy .
However , there was conflict between lesbians and straight -LRB- heterosexual -RRB- women in the feminist movement .
An ancient poet , Sappho , lived on Lesbos .
Now many important feminist leaders are out -LRB- out means that they make it known that they are lesbians -RRB- lesbians .
However , there was conflict between lesbians and straight -LRB- heterosexual -RRB- women in the feminist movement . In the 1960s and 1970s some straight -LRB- women who like men -RRB- feminists wanted the lesbians out of the women 's rights movement .
SiniÅ a MihajloviÄ -LRB- born 20 February 1969 -RRB- is a former Serbian football player .
ChÃ cents tillon-l Ã s-Sons is a commune .
Sarrians is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Shunta Nagai -LRB- born 12 July 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
On May , 1987 Adams startet the Into the Fire tour where his first performance was in Shreveport , Louisianna with his backing band .
The tour continued through the Western United States .
Adams starts his tour in mainland Europe and Adams previous album Reckless achieves gold status in Sweden and Into The Fire achieves gold status in Switzerland and later he travels to Dublin , Ireland .
Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams .
Adams headed back to Europe and played in East Berlin and later West Berlin .
Six singles were released from the album : `` Heat of the Night '' , `` Hearts on Fire '' , `` Victim of Love '' , `` Only the Strong Survive '' , `` Into the Fire '' and `` Another Day '' .
Adams heads back to the UK on October 13 in Newcastle , England .
It was recorded at Adams ' home in London , England .
Adams would later sell out two nights in a row at Madison Square Garden in New York City and was visited backstage by Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys , he would later get a sold out show in Toronto , Ontario .
Released on March 30 , 1987 through A&M Records , the album was a huge commercial success selling over 2 million units worldwide , peaking at number 7 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide .
Adams would later heads back to the United States to continue the American leg of the tour , Adams appeared on The David Letterman Show .
Adams sold out four nights in a row at Wembley Arena in London .
Adams first stop of the UK leg of the tour at the Princeâ s Trust charity concert at Wembley Stadium , London .
Adams started the Asian leg of the tour and ended up selling out ten concerts , five of which were in Tokyo 's Budokan .
The last concert part of the Into the Fire tour was played in Locarno , Switzerland .
Into the Fire ends up being certified platinum with sales over 100,000 copies sold in Japan .
Zomergem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
A large area of chemistry is polymer chemistry .
MÄ ceÅ u de Jos is a commune found in Dolj County , Romania .
Sho Kamogawa -LRB- born 7 February 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He plays for HOYO Atletico ELAN Oita .
She also had a recurring role on the television show , Scrubs as Danni Sullivan and is probably best known for her portrayal of Victoria ` Vicky ' Lathum in the American Pie series .
Tara Donna Reid -LRB- born November 8 , 1975 in Wyckoff , New Jersey -RRB- is an American actress .
The Original Six is a well-known term for the group of six teams that composed the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the 25 seasons between the 1942-43 NHL season and the 1967 NHL Expansion .
Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term when one wants to speak of the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Supreme God .
Harihara is the deity that combines Vishnu and Shiva . It comes from the Hindu tradition .
Callender is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The DC motor is made in two parts ; the rotating armature and the fixed field windings .
This was achieved by an accelerating relay in the motor circuit . This was often called a notching relay .
AC induction motors known as asynchronous traction motors .
Before the mid-20th century , a single large motor was often used to drive multiple wheels through connecting rods . This was the same way that steam locomotives would turn their drive wheels .
A series-wound motor has the armature and the field windings connected in series .
As the DC motor starts to turn , the magnetic fields inside start to join together . They create an internal voltage .
The motor will stop increasing its speed when the torque matches -LRB- is the same as -RRB- the drag on the train .
When no resistors are left in the circuit , full line voltage is applied directly to the motor .
The rotating shaft of the motor was also the axle for the wheels .
The armature is connected to the field windings through brushes . The brushes are spring loaded contacts pressing against the commutator .
As the motor speeds up , the EMF falls . Less current flows into the motor , and it makes less torque .
The field windings are made of tightly wound coils of wire inside the motor case .
They are also used in electric vehicles , such as electric milk floats , elevators , and conveyors . Vehicles with electrical transmission systems such as Diesel-electric locomotives , electric hybrid vehicles and battery powered electric vehicles .
On an electric train , the train driver originally had to control the speed by changing the resistance manually . By 1914 , automatic acceleration was being used .
Railroad first used DC motors . These motors usually ran on about 600 volts .
The `` Bi-Polar '' electric locomotives built by General Electric for the Milwaukee Road had direct drive motors .
Usually , the traction motor is mounted between the wheel frame and the driven axle . This is called a `` nose-suspended traction motor '' .
Traditionally road vehicles -LRB- cars , buses and trucks -RRB- have used diesel or gasoline engines with a transmission .
Now , the normal practice is to use one traction motor to drive each axle through a gear drive .
Traction motor refers to a type of electric motor . A traction motor is used to make rotation torque on a machine .
A series-wound DC motor has a low electrical resistance .
All the driver had to do was select low , medium or full speed . These speeds are called shunt , series and parallel from the way the motors were wired .
Resistors are used to limit the current when the motor starts .
When voltage is applied to the motor , it makes a strong magnetic field inside the motor . This produces a high amount of torque , so it is good for starting a train .
Because of the high power levels used by traction motors , they create a lot of heat .
Rimboval is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
It is located between Epping and Blake Hall on the Central Line , serving North Weald .
North Weald tube station is a former London Underground station in Essex , England .
Its habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The Esmeraldas Woodstar , -LRB- Chaetocercus berlepschi -RRB- is a species of hummingbird .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
It is found only in Ecuador .
Lone Rock is a city of Iowa in the United States .
In 2008 , Phelps won eight swimming gold medals at the Summer Olympics in Beijing . This broke Mark Spitz 's record for most gold medals in a single Olympics .
These medals made him tie the record for medals at a single Olympics . Alexander Dityatin had held this record since 1980 .
Geomorphologists seek to understand why landscapes look the way they do , to understand landform history and dynamics , and to predict future changes through a combination of field observation , physical experiment , and numerical modeling .
In 1977 , he returned to the minor leagues before signing with the Oilers for their first year in the NHL , playing only one game before being sent back down to the minors .
Over the course of his career , he played the New York Rangers and the Edmonton Oilers .
He would eventually become the radio and TV analyst for the Americans for many years before resigning prior to the 2005 â `` 06 season .
He later signed a contract with the Buffalo Sabres but never played another NHL game .
As a junior player he played in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League , he signed with the Rangers as a free agent in 1972 and began play in the American Hockey League with the Rochester Americans .
He made his NHL start in 1974 with the Rangers playing 99 games and scoring 2 goals and 18 assists .
John Severn Bednarski -LRB- born July 4 , 1952 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- was an ice hockey defenceman in the National Hockey League .
Ralph Waldo Emerson -LRB- May 25 , 1803 â `` April 27 , 1882 -RRB- was an American author , poet , and philosopher .
In 1912 , he entered the Beaux-Arts Institute . It was there that Jo Davidson and Elie Nadelman helped him out .
At age fourteen , he took lessons in drawing and clay modeling . After two years , he started to study at the National Academy of Design with Leon Kroll , Ivan Olinsky , and Hermon McNeil .
Oronzio Maldarelli was an Italian born American sculptor and artist . He was born in 1892 .
Dinah Shore -LRB- real name : Frances Rose Shore , March 1 , 1917 - February 24 , 1994 -RRB- was an American singer and host of her own talk show .
This works by convection ; the heat is taken from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant .
Absolute zero is also 0 K on the Kelvin scale and 0 Â R on the Rankine scale
Fluids used to cool objects are called coolants .
Air cooling making the temperature of an object lower using air .
The coldest possible temperature is â ' 273.15 Â C , which can be expressed as about -459.67 Â F on the Fahrenheit scale . This is called absolute zero .
Other ways to cool objects include using ice , dry ice , or liquid nitrogen .
This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object . The process will work better if there is more surface area on the object or if the item 's mass can be made smaller .
Burg is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Badger is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The population was 610 at the 2000 census .
The Civil Polices of Brazil had origin in the General Intendancy of Police , created in Rio de Janeiro in 10 of May of 1808 .
The services of judiciary police are given through the Police stations of Police , agencies that have jurisdiction on small cities or quarters of the great cities .
27 Civil Polices in Brazil , one for each State of the federacy exist .
Today , the constitutional existence of the Civil Police and its attributions elapse of article 144 , IV and 144 Â 4 Â , of the Federal Constitution .
They had been gradually if developing for all country during the governments Imperial and Republican .
The Civil Polices are agencies of the public administration of the federative units of Brazil , whose function is , in accordance with article 144 of the Federal Constitution of 1988 , the exercise of the public security for the preservation of the public order , of the safety of the people and the patrimony .
They are directed by a Head of Police , chosen amongst the Commission agents of Police of career .
Each of the states of Brazil has its own `` Civil Police Department '' , which carries out detective work , forensics and criminal investigation , acting as a state bureau of investigation .
In Brazil , the Civil Police is the name of the investigative state police forces .
Uccle in French or Ukkel in Dutch is a municipality located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium .
Lord Mandelson , Peter Benjamin Mandelson , -LRB- born 21 October 1953 -RRB- is a British politician for the Labor Party . He helped to found the so-called ` New Labor ' with Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
Peter Mandelson is gay -LRB- he was outed in 1998 by Matthew Parris -RRB- , which led some to claim the UK was being run by a gay mafia .
Verlincthun is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Scylla was a sea monster in Greek mythology .
Schafisheim is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Noron-l ` Abbaye is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Muncie is a city of Indiana in the United States .
Athletes from West Germany -LRB- FRG -RRB- and East Germany -LRB- GDR -RRB- competed together as the United Team of Germany at these Games , an arrangement that would continue for the next two Olympiads .
The 1956 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1956 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
A total of 32 nations sent athletes to Cortina d'Ampezzo .
Bolivia , Iran , and the USSR competed at the Winter Games for the first time .
Korea , Liechtenstein , and Turkey returned after having missed the 1952 Winter Olympics . Argentina , Denmark , New Zealand , and Portugal did not compete at these Games , after participating in 1952 .
The NHM is one of the four large institutions on Exhibition Road in South Kensington , London . The others are the Science Museum , the Victoria and Albert Museum and Imperial College London .
In 1986 , the museum absorbed the adjacent Geological Museum of the British Geological Survey , which is to immediately to the north of the NHM .
The museum 's galleries were completely rebuilt and relaunched in 1996 as The Earth Galleries , with the other exhibitions in the Waterhouse building retitled The Life Galleries .
The Natural History Museum 's own Mineralogy displays remain largely unchanged as an example of the 19th-century display techniques of the Waterhouse building .
Built in two phases , with two new buildings adjacent to the main Waterhouse building , it is the most important new project in the museum 's history .
The newly-developed Darwin Centre -LRB- named after Charles Darwin -RRB- is designed as a new home for the museum 's collection of tens of millions of preserved specimens , and new work spaces for the museum 's scientific staff .
The NHM was at first a department of the famous British Museum . When the present NHM building was opened in 1881 , it was then called the British Museum -LRB- Natural History -RRB- or BMNH .
Medieval Mulhouse consists of an upper and a lower town .
Its in the Alsace region and is the sub-prefecture of the Haut-Rhin department .
In RNA , thymine is replaced by uracil -LRB- U -RRB- .
In molecular biology , two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA or RNA strands that are connected by hydrogen bonds are called a base pair -LRB- often abbreviated bp -RRB- .
In the Watson-Crick base pairing , adenine -LRB- A -RRB- forms a base pair with thymine -LRB- T -RRB- , and guanine -LRB- G -RRB- with cytosine -LRB- C -RRB- in DNA .
It was officially announced on May 13 , 1993 in IAUC 5789 with designation .
The orbits of centaurs change from time to time because of interactions with the giant planets .
At perihelion -LRB- closest approach to the Sun -RRB- , it moves closer to the Sun than Uranus , while at aphelion -LRB- farthest approach to the Sun -RRB- it goes even farther thanNeptune .
7066 Nessus is a centaur -LRB- a type of icy planetoid -RRB- that was found by David L. Rabinowitz , working with Spacewatch , at Kitt Peak on 26 April , 1993 .
Nessus is thought to have a fairly long orbital half-life of about 4.9 Myr .
It was the second centaur found by him -LRB- 5145 Pholus being his first -RRB- , and the third centaur to be found -LRB- 2060 Chiron was the first -RRB- .
Nessus finishes one orbit around the Sun in 122.4 years , an eccentricity of 0.52 and an inclination to the ecliptic of 15.6 degrees .
Saint-Hippolyte , Gironde is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Elizabeth Gladys â Millvinaâ Dean -LRB- born February 2 , 1912 -RRB- and died May 31 , 2009 was , at age 97 , the last living survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic that occurred April 15 , 1912 .
She became the last living Titanic survivor when Barbara West died on October 16 , 2007 .
JosÃ Marcelo Ferreira -LRB- born 25 July 1973 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The Kashmir Flycatcher , Ficedula subrubra , is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family Muscicapidae .
See the discussion of reliable sources .
Together , these three policies determine the type and quality of material that is acceptable in the main namespace .
Wikipedia : Verifiability is one of three of Wikipedia 's content-guiding policy pages . The other two are No original research and Neutral point of view .
It was written in 1990 , and won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990 .
Tehanu was the fourth of Ursula K. Le Guin 's Earthsea books .
Levy Patrick Mwanawasa -LRB- September 3 , 1948 â `` August 19 , 2008 -RRB- was a Zambian politician . He was the President of Zambia from January 2002 to his death .
With the addition of X11 , this version starts the change from a Text-Only System .
This was famously disapproved by Tanenbaum in the Tanenbaum-Torvalds debate .
-LRB- Tanenbaum explained again his rationale for using a microkernel in May 2006 . -RRB-
Its licensing fee was very small -LRB- $ 69 -RRB- compared to the ones of other operating systems .
MINIX is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture . Andrew S. Tanenbaum wrote the operating system so it could be used for educational purposes ; MINIX also helped Linus Torvalds design the Linux kernel .
Although Tanenbaum wished for MINIX to be as easily available to students , his publisher would not allow it .
The design principles Tanenbaum applied to MINIX had influenced the design decisions Linus Torvalds applied in the creation of the Linux kernel .
It contains X11 , emacs , vi , cc , gcc , perl , python , ash , bash , zsh , ftp , ssh , telnet , pine , and over 400 other common UNIX programs .
Released under the BSD license , MINIX is free and open source .
Torvalds used and appreciated MINIX , but his design was different from the MINIX architecture in significant ways , most notably by employing a monolithic kernel instead of a microkernel .
In May 2004 Kenneth Brown of the Alexis de Tocqueville Institution raised the accusation that major parts of the Linux kernel had been copied from MINIX , in a book called Samizdat .
These accusations were refused by almost everyone - in particular by Andrew Tanenbaum , who strongly felt that Kenneth Brown was very wrong and published a long rebuttal on his own personal website .
When free\/open source Unix-like operating systems such as Linux became available in the early 1990s , many volunteer software developers stopped using MINIX for Linux .
Andrew S. Tanenbaum created MINIX at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam .
In April 2000 , MINIX became free\/open source software under a permissive free software licence , but by this time other operating systems were much better , and it was mostly used as an operating system for students and hobbyists .
According to the Nihonshoki and GukanshÅ , Bidatsu had four empresses and 16 Imperial children -LRB- 6 sons and 10 daughters -RRB- .
Bidatsu is venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- which is associated with the burial mound .
Though he had many children , none of them would ever become emperor .
Bidatsu suffered from an unknown disease which afflicted him with sores . Probably , he was the first royal victim of smallpox in Japan .
Emperor Bidatsu was the 30th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
He was the second son of Emperor Kimmei by his consort Iwahime , who was a daughter of Emperor Senka .
They originally operated in the Southern Region of British Railways , though following privatisation in 1997 they have been distributed much farther afield .
The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting but also short distance freight trips along branch lines .
For this reason , though similar to the existing Class 08 shunting locomotives , Class 09s were re-geared to give a maximum top speed of 27.5 mph -LRB- 44 km\/h -RRB- at the expense of a lower tractive effort .
Yutaka Ikeuchi -LRB- born 25 August 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He has played for Japan national team .
Averton is a commune of 601 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Pedobear has also been featured as iStockphoto wallpaper and was in the background of a cover of the auto magazine Import Tuner .
Pedobear first appeared on 2channel , a popular bulletin board system in Japan and was originally called KumÄ -LRB- interjection of Kuma which means bear in Japanese -RRB- or Safety Bear .
On July 3 , 2009 , Michael R. Barrick , a Canadian artist had created two pictures showing Pedobear together with the mascots of 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games .
Gazeta OlsztyÅ ska , a Polish newspaper mistakenly used one of the pictures for a February 4 , 2010 front page story about the Olympics in Vancouver .
Pedobear is usually posted as a way to mock users requesting or posting sexualized images of children on 4chan .
The radius is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods . The other one is the ulna .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
`` Mean Mr. Mustard '' is a song written by John Lennon -LRB- credited to Lennon\/McCartney -RRB- and performed by The Beatles on their album , Abbey Road .
As with the performance of `` She 's Leaving Home '' also in the film , the computerized singing of the Computerettes was performed by the Bee Gees .
Additionally , the original version of the song was a quieter acoustic rendition and was over 4 minutes in length .
According to Lennon , `` In ` Mean Mr. Mustard ' , I said ` his sister Pam ' â '' originally it was ` his sister Shirley ' in the lyric .
The Abbey Road version was recorded with `` Sun King '' in one continuous piece .
The version in the Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band film was performed by Mean Mr. Mustard -LRB- played by Frankie Howerd -RRB- and his evil robot companions named the Computerettes .
Written in India , Lennon said that the song was inspired by a newspaper story about a miser who hid his cash wherever he could so he can stop people from making him spend it .
A demo version of the song was recorded in May 1968 at Kinfauns , George Harrison 's home in Esher , and appears on Anthology 3 .
In that version , Mustard 's sister is named Shirley .
I changed it to Pam to make it sound like it had something to do with it . ''
Lennon changed it to Pam when he saw the ochance to ease the segue into the song `` Polythene Pam '' , which is after `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' on the album .
On reflection , he did n't think highly of the composition , describing it in Anthology as `` a bit of crap I wrote in India . ''
Albligen -LRB- also known in French as Albenon -RRB- is a municipality of the district Schwarzenburg in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Kazuma Kita -LRB- born 21 December 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
The Kara receives a large amount of fresh water from the Ob , Yenisei , Pyasina , and Taimyra rivers , so its salinity is very variable .
It is roughly 1,450 kilometres long and 970 kilometres wide . It has an area of around 880,000 kmÂ and a average depth of 110 m.
There is concern about the levels of nuclear waste the former Soviet Union dumped in the sea which included six nuclear submarine reactors and ten nuclear reactors , and the effect this will have on the marine environment .
The Kara Sea is separated from the Barents Sea to the west by the Kara Strait and Novaya Zemlya , and the Laptev Sea to the east by the Severnaya Zemlya .
Significant discoveries of petroleum and natural gas , an extension of the West Siberian Oil Basin , have been made but have not yet been developed .
An International Atomic Energy Agency appraisal showed that releases are low and localized .
Its main ports are Novy Port and Dikson and it is important as a fishing ground although the sea is ice-bound for all but two months of the year .
The Kara Sea -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ì Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð 3\/4 Ì Ñ Ð -RRB- is part of the Arctic Ocean . It lies north of Siberia .
TIFF has not had a major update since 1992 , though several Aldus\/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format , and several specifications , including TIFF\/EP , have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification .
Adobe Systems , which acquired Aldus , now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification . TIFF has not had a major update since 1992 , though several Aldus\/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format , and several specifications , including TIFF\/EP , have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification .
Tagged Image File Format -LRB- also known as TIFF -RRB- is a container format for storing images , including photographs and line art .
Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called `` desktop publishing , '' TIFF is a popular format for color and black and white images . The TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications , by publishing and page layout applications , by scanning , faxing , word processing , optical character recognition and other applications .
It is now under the control of Adobe .
Adobe Systems , which acquired Aldus , now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification .
Noraduz cemetery is a medieval cemetery with many ancient khachkars in the village of Noraduz , Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan , 90 km north of Yerevan .
During the revival of the khachkar tradition in the 16-17th centuries many khachkars were built under the yoke of the Safavid Empire when oriental influences seeped into Armenian art .
The oldest khachkars in the cemetery go back to the late 10th century .
According to one story the villagers placed helmets on top of the khachkars and leaned swords against them .
From a distance the khachkars looked like armed soldiers holding a defensive position as a result of which Tamerlaneâ s army retreated .
A popular folktale involving the cemetery concerns the invading army of Tamerlane .
Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz , the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh -LRB- 1551-1610 -RRB- , his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset .
Michigan Territory was a territory of the United States in the early 19th century , between June 30 , 1805 and January 26 , 1837 , when it became Michigan , the 26th state of the Union .
In 1800 , the whole of the Northwest Territory had 43,365 people living in it .
Detroit was the territory 's capital .
Under the Northwest Ordinance , a territory could apply to become a state once it had 60,000 people living in it .
The founding of IG Farben was a reaction to Germany 's defeat in World War I. IG Farben held a near total monopoly on chemical production , later during the Nazi regime , including manufacturing Zyklon B.
Moncrabeau is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France .
If you called the number featured in the song `` Amy 's in the Attic '' at 6:06 into the song , it would tell you the name of the next Joker 's Card , Riddle Box .
The Terror Wheel is the second EP by the American Horrorcore band , Insane Clown Posse . It was released on August 5 , 1994 .
The orchestra 's music director is Christoph Eschenbach and most of its concerts are performed at the Salle Pleyel .
The Orchestre de Paris is a French orchestra based in Paris which was started in 1967 .
Anthology co-produced by Adams , Robert Lange and Bob Clearmountain , peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200 .
The album 's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track .
The album was released on October 18 , 2005 and features songs like `` Heat of the Night '' , and `` Summer of ' 69 '' .
Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005 .
On the first disc , the North American edition has `` The Best of Me '' as the last track , while the International edition moved the song to the 2nd disc , and had `` All I Want Is You '' instead .
Anthology peaked at 4 on the Canadian Album Chart 29 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified two times platinum in Canada and gold in the UK .
The two disc set includes songs from 1980 -- 2005 .
All the songs are in chronological order of their release , except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition , which was released in 1999 .
A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid 2005 called `` Live in Lisbon '' was included in North America for a limited time .
Her albums are Unwritten -LRB- which contains the hit single of the same name -RRB- , N.B. -LRB- the U.S. title is Pocketful of Sunshine -RRB- and Strip Me -LRB- released in 2010 -RRB- .
Damvant is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The Nagtglas 's African Dormouse -LRB- Graphiurus nagtglasii -RRB- is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family .
It is found in Cameroon , Central African Republic , Ghana , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone and sometimes in Gabon .
Cabot is the largest city in Lonoke County , Arkansas , United States and is about 30 miles from Little Rock .
Cabot has the third highest median household income in Arkansas -LRB- after Maumelle and White Hall -RRB- .
It is part of the Little Rockâ `` North Little Rockâ `` Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area .
It is covered by the National Weather Service Forecast Office in North Little Rock .
According to 2010 U.S. Census Bureau estimates , the population of the city is 23,776 , ranking it as the state 's 20th largest city , behind Van Buren .
BotoÅ ana is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Daniel Michael `` Danny '' DeVito , Jr. -LRB- born November 17 , 1944 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , director , and producer .
Creekside is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Cacica is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Football League One is a football league which is third division in England .
Football League One is a football league which is third division in England . It is the new name of the English Second Division .
Philosophical skepticism -LRB- Greek Ï Î Î Ï Î Ï - skepsis meaning `` enquiry '' -RRB- is a school of philosophical thought that began in Ancient Greece and a method that crosses many different cultures .
This skepticism can be either disbelief in philosophical solutions , agnosticism , or even rejecting the reality of the outside world .
In Islamic philosophy , philosophical skepticism was started by Al-Ghazali , known in the West as `` Algazel '' , as a part of the orthodox Ash ` ari school of Islamic theology .
Many skeptics examine the meaning systems of their times , and this can often result in a position of doubt .
One kind of scientific skepticism talks about looking into claims that lack evidence that can be seen .
She was the country 's second female president , after CorazÃ n Aquino , who was the first . She is also the daughter of former President Diosdado Macapagal .
Maria Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo -LRB- born April 5 , 1947 -RRB- is a Filipino politician who was the President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2010 and the Vice-President from 1998 to 2001 . She is currently a member of the House of Representatives .
Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
They are best known worldwide for their 1992 top 20 single Connected .
The Stereo MCs are an electronic dance group from London which formed in 1985 .
Zoosk is a dating website .
The ski slopes in AnzÃ re cover about 40 kilometers , with 1 cablecar , 2 chair lifts , and 8 T-bars .
There are several cafes in the area , and the entire area is known as TÃ lÃ - AnzÃ re .
There is also an internet cafe , a crÃ perie and a children 's play area .
Facilities in and around AnzÃ re 's ` Place du Village ' include both indoor and outdoor swimming pools , two supermarkets , many hotels , bars and nightclubs , as well as many restaurants and clothing shops .
The ` Place du Village ' is a person area right in the heart of the village , housing most of AnzÃ re 's cafes and restaurants .
Abdoulaye MÃ Ã tÃ -LRB- born 6 October 1980 -RRB- is a CÃ te d'Ivoire football player .
Roseraie du Val-de-Marne is a garden of roses . It was created in 1899 in L'Ha Ã - les-Roses , Val-de-Marne , France .
Roseraie du Val-de-Marne has 13,100 rose bushes of 3200 different kinds of roses .
The garden has modern French and foreign roses on one side , the formal rose garden with a reflecting pool in the center , and the old garden roses and classic roses on the other side .
Rauzan is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Kyle Davis Richardson -LRB- born March 2 , 1973 in Farmington , Missouri -RRB- is a retired American football Punter who used to play for the Miami Dolphins , Seattle Seahawks , Baltimore Ravens , Minnesota Vikings , Philadelphia Eagles , Cincinnati Bengals , Cleveland Browns of the NFL .
Saint-Julien-Vocance is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Loves Park is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The village can be found above Lago di Vogorno .
Vogorno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The National Rugby League -LRB- NRL -RRB- is a professional sports league in Australia . They play rugby league .
It is the biggest rugby league competition in the world .
Yarns come in many thicknesses or weights from fine to thick : lace , fingering , sock , sport , double-knit -LRB- or DK -RRB- , worsted , aran , bulky , and super-bulky .
Zephyrhills is a city of Florida in the United States .
It started meeting again in 1844 and moved to ReykjavÃ k , where it has been ever since .
The Althing -LRB- Icelandic AlÃ 3\/4 ingi ; Old Norse AlÃ 3\/4 ing -RRB- is the national legislature of Iceland .
It was founded in 930 at Ã ingvellir , -LRB- the `` assembly fields '' -RRB- , which is almost 45 kilometers east of Iceland 's capital , ReykjavÃ k. When the Althing was formed , that was the beginning of Iceland as a country .
Even after Iceland 's union with Norway , the Althing still held its meetings at Ã ingvellir until 1799 , when it was stopped for several years .
Ronald Ross -LRB- May 13 , 1857 - September 16 , 1932 -RRB- was an English doctor . He won the 1902 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , for work on malaria .
From a geometric point of view , all points on a sphere are the same . One could select any point on the Earth , and create a paper map that covers the Earth with strips that come together at that point and the antipodal point .
The fact that the Earth is a sphere was established by Hellenistic astronomy in the 3rd century BCE . The earliest globe of the Earth appeared in that period .
This makes it easy to visualize how days and seasons change .
A copy of the globe showing America was made by Martin Waldseemueller in 1507 .
Early globes of the Earth that show all of the Old World were constructed in the Islamic Golden Age .
An example of a surviving celestial globe is part of a Hellenistic sculpture , called the Farnese Atlas . It survives in a 2nd century AD Roman copy in the Naples Museum , Naples , Italy .
Mass-produced globes are typically covered by a printed paper map .
One such example was made in the 9th century by Muslim geographers and cartographers working under the Abbasid caliph , Al-Ma ` mun .
Another early globe , the Hunt-Lenox Globe , ca .
Then a small disk is used to paper over the irregularities at the poles .
The earliest known example is the one made by Crates of Mallus in Cilicia -LRB- now Ã ukurova in modern-day Turkey -RRB- , in the mid-2nd century BCE .
The word `` globe '' comes from the Latin word globus , meaning round mass or sphere .
The most common type has long , thin gores -LRB- strips -RRB- of paper . These strips narrow to a point at the North Pole and the South Pole .
Another `` remarkably modern-looking '' globe of the Earth was made by Taqi al-Din at the Istanbul observatory of Taqi al-Din during the 1570s .
The more gores there are , the less stretching and crumpling is needed to make the paper map fit the sphere .
1507 , is thought to be the source of the phrase `` Here be dragons . ''
This mounting represents the angle of the planet in relation to its sun and the spin of the planet .
A globe is usually mounted at a 23.5 Â angle on bearings .
The oldest surviving globe of the Earth is credited to Martin Behaim in NÃ 1\/4 rnberg , Germany , in 1492 .
No globes of the Earth from Antiquity or the Middle Ages have survived .
Another example was the globe introduced to Beijing by the Persian astronomer , Jamal ad-Din , in 1267 .
It is thought that Anna Wintour was the inspiration behind the demanding editor , Miranda Priestly , in the novel The Devil Wears Prada .
Wintour supports young fashion designers and is sometimes called `` Nuclear Wintour '' because of her demanding personality .
It is thought that Anna Wintour was the inspiration behind the demanding editor , Miranda Priestly , in the novel The Devil Wears Prada . The author of the book , Lauren Weisberger , had worked as the personal assistant of Anna Wintour at Vogue .
I have n't decided whether I am going to read it or not . ''
Before the book started selling , Wintour told the New York Times , `` I always enjoy a great piece of fiction .
It has been suggested that the setting and Priestly were based on Vogue and Wintour , but Weisberger denies this , and says that Wintour is given her own appearance near the end of the book .
It is also said that a character in the TV series of Ugly Betty is based on Wintour . The character Fey Sommers , is very similar to Anna Wintour :
Craonnelle is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Yet this is also a typical Nathism ; a complete reversal of Vedic morals and philosophy .
Sveccha means one 's own wish or free will .
The term `` Paro '' means a mysterious or secret pattern to that action done by one 's own Will .
Doing one 's own Will .
The concluding Sanskrit expression in the Avadhoota Upanishad is `` Svecchachara Paro . ''
In other words , we do our Will but with discretion , not making it too obvious , nor to harm or hurt other people .
Svecchachara means a way of life where one acts as one wishes and does what is right in one 's own eyes .
The Cayenne pepper is a type of Chili pepper . It is very hot and is used as a spice .
Aquaculture was developed a long time ago in China and aquaculture supplies for over 20 % of all the seafood harvested . However aquaculture is quite a new activity in Canada as it only began in the 1879 .
Seneca Gardens is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Around 400 BC sphairai were introduced .
Later , the boxers began to fight while standing . They also started to wear gloves -LRB- with spikes -RRB- and wrappings on their arms below the elbows .
Korykos were the equivalent to modern punching bags .
People taking part trained on punching bags -LRB- called a korykos -RRB- .
However , Spartans never took part in the competitive version of boxing . They thought it was dishonorable to be defeated that way .
They were thongs of ox hide between 3 and 3.7 meters long . The himantes were wrapped around the hands and knuckles many times .
One legend says that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a type of boxing where two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed .
Boxing was one of the contests held in memory of Achilles ' friend Patroclus , who was killed toward the end of the Trojan War .
The sphairai were very similar to himantes .
According to Iliad , Mycenaean warriors included boxing in their competitions .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands , wrists , and sometimes chest , to protect themselves from injury . The straps also left the fingers free .
Soon after the saphirai had been introduced , they were replaced by oxys used for boxing .
To commemorate Patroclus the Greeks later introduced boxing -LRB- pygme \/ pygmachia -RRB- to the Olympic Games in 688 BC .
Philostratus was a scholar and an historian . According to him , boxing was originally developed in Sparta , in order to harden warriorsâ faces for battle .
A band of fleece was placed on the forearm to wipe away sweat .
They were used for practice in the Palaestra and were filled with sand , flour , or millet .
Oxys were made of several thick leather bands that were wrapped around the hand , wrist , and forearm .
Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece .
Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching . The knuckles were reinforced with leather as well .
The early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for when they were hit on the head in battle .
Until around 500 BC himantes were used as protection for the knuckles and hand .
The biggest difference was that the inside was padded when they were wrapped around the hands . The outside of the thong was more rigid too .
In nature it is found as a mix of seven stable isotopes .
Ytterbium is found in minerals named gadolinite , monazite , and xenotime .
It has the chemical symbol Yb . It has the atomic number 70 .
Alastair John Campbell -LRB- born 25 May 1957 -RRB- was the Director of Communications and Strategy for the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom -LRB- Tony Blair -RRB- between 1997 to 2003 .
In 1971 , he made a cello out of three television sets and some cello strings .
Nam June Paik -LRB- July 20 , 1932 -- January 29 , 2006 -RRB- was a Korean-born American artist .
Some Catholics have attempted to make theories of modesty .
Many Muslim women wear a headscarf -LRB- hijab -RRB- as a sign of modesty . More conservative societies expect that women cover their whole body , except for their hands and their face .
Non-orthodox Jewish women tend to adopt the fashions of the non-Jewish society in which they live .
The taqiyah cap may vary in shape , size or color just as the hijab does , with many regional differences according to tradition and personal taste .
Another example is Giuseppe Cardinal Siri of Genoa , who stated that trousers were unacceptable dress for women .
Sometimes this is from a sociological perspective , while at other times it takes a more systematic , Thomistic approach , combined with the writings of the Church Fathers .
In 1992 , New York State 's highest court accepted 14th Amendment arguments and struck down the provision in New York 's Exposure of the Person statute that made it illegal for women to bare their chests where men were permitted to do so .
Naturists have different views . They want to create an environment , were people can feel at ease , even when they are nude , they can be seen nude , or nude people are among them .
Some communities apply these standards to girls as young as three .
Some communities have stricter standards and expect women to cover their elbows and legs , with blouses covering the collarbone and sleeves covering elbows . Skirts are expected to cover the knees .
People are usually also subjected to peer pressure .
Excessive immodesty is called exhibitionism .
Approaches arguing primarily from traditional practices and traditional authorities , such as the saints , can also be found .
The Church also expects men to dress modestly , but the demands are not as strict for them as for women ; this is largely because men are often thought to be more inherently susceptible to sexual thoughts .
Pope Pius XII stated that women should cover their upper arms and shoulders , that their skirts should cover at least as far as the knee , and the neckline should not reveal anything .
Different fashions test the level of modesty .
Likewise , according to some Islamic interpretations of Hadith , men are required to cover everything from ` navel to knee ' ; with some men choosing to extend this to the traditional Islamic head covering taqiyah -LRB- cap -RRB- , the male counterpart to hijab which closely resembles the Jewish yarmulke but is slightly larger in size .
See-through materials may not be used and clothes are expected not to be tight-fitting , provocative , loud in color , or display texts .
Some people still insist on maintaining their standards of modesty , even in an emergency situation .
Proponents of modesty often see it as respect for their bodies and the feelings of themselves and others , and some people believe it may reduce sexual crimes .
Islamic society thinks modesty is important , but there are different interpretations of what dress should be considered modest .
Kazuya Maekawa -LRB- born 22 March 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
James Stuart Duggan -LRB- born January 14 , 1954 in Glen Falls , New York -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Hacksaw '' Jim Duggan , is an American professional wrestler , who is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Federation\/Entertainment -LRB- WWF\/E -RRB- .
Duggan will also be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011 by Ted DiBiase Sr. .
Marty Robbins -LRB- real name Martin David Robinson -RRB- -LRB- September 26 , 1925 â `` December 8 , 1982 -RRB- was an American country singer and songwriter .
Marty Robbins died of heart failure in December 1982 .
He drove in many NASCAR races . He was a driver in the 1973 Daytona 500 .
Vampeta -LRB- born 13 March 1974 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Another early building is Fort SÃ # o SebastiÃ # o. It was built in 1575 and is now the SÃ # o TomÃ National Museum .
SÃ # o TomÃ is important as a port .
Its name is Portuguese for `` Saint Thomas . ''
In 1599 , the city as well as the islands were captured by the Dutch for two days and again in 1641 for a year .
SÃ # o TomÃ is important as a port . It is located on Ana Chaves Bay in the north east of SÃ # o TomÃ Island .
SÃ # o TomÃ also serves as the center of the island 's road and bus networks .
The city was founded by Portugal in 1485 .
Features of the town include the Presidential Palace , the Fisherman 's Church , and a cinema .
It is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral .
SÃ # o TomÃ was the colony 's capital until 1753 . It has been the national capital since 1852 .
SÃ # o TomÃ is the capital city of SÃ # o TomÃ and PrÃ ncipe .
Other active bushrangers included Dan Morgan , based around the Murray River , and Captain Thunderbolt , killed outside Uralla , New South Wales .
The increasing push of settlement , increased police efficiency , better rail transport and communications , such as telegraphy , made it increasingly difficult for bushrangers to evade capture .
In 1900 the Governor Brothers scared many people in the north of New South Wales .
Bushranging was common all over Australia , but Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- later known as Tasmania -RRB- produced the most violent and serious convict bushrangers .
Leading a gang of escaped convicts , Donahue became an important person in Australian folklore as the Wild Colonial Boy .
He was reported in newspapers around 1827 as being responsible for bushranging on the road between Sydney and Windsor .
Among the last bushrangers was the Kelly Gang led by Ned Kelly , who were captured at Glenrowan , Victoria in 1880 , two years after they were outlawed .
The bushrangers were busiest during the Gold Rush years of the 1850s and 1860s . Gold can be easily carried and also it can easily be turned into cash .
Indigenous Australian bushranger Musquito led attacks on settlers .
John `` Black '' Caesar was the first bushranger .
Bold Jack Donahue is recorded as the last convict bushranger .
He ran away from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
George Melville was hanged in front of a large crowd for robbing the McIvor gold escort near Castlemaine in 1853 .
Frank Gardiner , John Gilbert and Ben Hall led the most notorious gangs of the period .
In the 1830s he was regarded as the worst bushranger in the colony .
Hundreds of convicts were at large in the bush , farms were given up , and the army was brought in to try and capture the bushrangers .
Much of the bushranging in these years , was in the Lachlan Valley , around Forbes , Yass and Cowra .
Bushranging numbers grew in New South Wales with the rise of the colonial-born sons of poor , often ex-convict farmers , who wanted a more exciting life than mining or farming .
ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne is a region in the north of France . Its capital is ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne , which was known as ChÃ cents lons-sur-Marne until 1998 .
Its capital is ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne , which was known as ChÃ cents lons-sur-Marne until 1998 .
Rita Coolidge -LRB- May 1 , 1945 -RRB- is a Native American singer .
Alaska plaice feed mostly on polychaetes , but also eat amphipods and echiurans .
Like most flatfish , they live on the bottom of the continental shelf , up to 600 metres deep .
Their geographical range is from the Gulf of Alaska in the east , to the Chukchi Sea in the north , to the Sea of Japan in the west .
So many Alaska plaice get caught anyway that , for example , the 2005 total allowable catch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands management area -LRB- BSAI -RRB- was reached before the end of May of that year .
Alaska plaice -LRB- Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus -RRB- are salt water fish that live in the north Pacific Ocean .
Alaska plaice can live for up to 30 years , and grow to 60 centimetres -LRB- 24 inches -RRB- long , but most that get caught are only seven or eight years old , and about 30 cm -LRB- 12 in -RRB- .
He was continued in office by John Adams and served through the entire Adams administration until February 19 1801 .
After Senate approval he took office on December 10 1795 and served through the rest of the administration .
He served as United States Attorney General from 1795 until 1801 .
Charles Lee -LRB- 1758 -- June 24 1815 -RRB- was an American lawyer from Virginia .
President George Washington appointed Lee the Attorney General after William Bradford died in office .
Main article : List of awards received by TVXQ In 2008 , TVXQ made it in the Guinness World Records for having the world 's largest official fan club .
From the day of their debut to March 19 , 2009 , the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines , albums jackets , and commercials , etc. .
They also made the Guinness World Records a second time in 2009 .
Cassiopeia , the band 's official fan club , is claimed to have more than 800,000 official members just in South Korea , more than 200,000 official members in Japan -LRB- BigEast -RRB- and more than 200,000 international fans -LRB- iCassies -RRB- .
Aside from having the world 's largest fan club , the group was also listed as the most photographed celebrities in the world .
The total figure includes individual photos as well as group pictures .
Duran Duran is a British pop group .
Shahnameh is a large poetic opus by Ferdowsi .
Lesmont is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France .
In the sixth story the boys try to steal some pretzels -LRB- German rolls -RRB- from the bakery , but they fall into the tub of dough .
Advancing forty or sixty kilometers by blatant military aggression and offering to withdraw twenty kilometers provided both sides do this is a deceptive device which can fool nobody . ''
What is this ` line of control ' ?
In a letter dated November 7 , Zhou told Nehru that the LAC consisted of `` the so-called McMahon Line in the east and the line up to which each side exercises actual control in the west '' .
The Line of Actual Control -LRB- LAC -RRB- is the effective border between India and China .
Is this the line they have created by aggression since the beginning of September ?
The LAC is 4,057-km long and traverses three areas of northern Indian states : western -LRB- Ladakh , Kashmir -RRB- , middle -LRB- Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh -RRB- and eastern -LRB- Sikkim , Arunachal Pradesh -RRB- .
During the Sino-Indian War -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , Nehru claimed not to know where the line was : `` There is no sense or meaning in the Chinese offer to withdraw twenty kilometers from what they call ` line of actual control ' .
A peridotite is a hard and rough igneous rock , made up mostly of the minerals olivine and pyroxene .
Plug-in hybrid cars are also known as plug-in hybrid electric vehicles or PHEVs .
Moline is a city of Illinois in the United States .
My Chemical Romance 's normal style has been categorized as `` alternative rock '' , `` post-hardcore '' , `` punk revival '' , `` pop punk '' and , most controversially , `` emo '' .
The band 's official website describes their music as simply `` rock '' or `` violent , dangerous pop '' .
Way has also said that his band patterns their career after that of The Smashing Pumpkins , another band they like .
However , Way has reportedly also described the band 's style as `` What-else-ya-got-emo '' .
Lead singer Gerard Way has stated that the band is very influenced by The Cure , Joy Division , Bauhaus , Siouxsie and the Banshees , and The Smiths\/Morrisey .
Way said to Rolling Stone , `` We love bands like Queen , where it 's huge and majestic , but also bands like Black Flag and the Misfits , who would go absolutely crazy . ''
Band frontman Gerard Way has publicly rejected the term `` emo '' , describing the genre as `` fucking garbage '' .
Tripoli -LRB- Greek : Î Ï Î Ï Î Î '' Î -RRB- is a city in Greece .
Tripoli is the capital of Arcadia prefecture .
Stade BalibiÃ is a stadium in Koudougou , Burkina Faso .
It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Association Sportive des EmployÃ s et CommerÃ ants de Koudougou .
The stadium holds 30,000 people .
Bates College was founded in 1855 .
Bates College is an American liberal arts college in Lewiston , Maine .
Ver-sur-Mer is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy , London began competing for Ring of Honor , where although he never won a title , began popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves .
In late 2006 , Kendrick returned , and the two reformed as a team .
He was released from his WWE contract in late 2008 .
After Kendrick briefly left WWE , London formed a tag team with Billy Kidman , and together they won the WWE Tag Team Championship .
During his second reign as WWE Tag Team champion , London and his partner , Brian Kendrick , became the longest reigning WWE Tag Team Champions since the title 's creation .
After their split , London began competing in the cruiserweight division , and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship .
Paul Sanchez-Garcia London -LRB- born April 16 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler . He was formally signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- performing on its Raw brand .
London made his debut in WWE in late 2003 , and immediately began teaming with fellow cruiserweight Spanky , -LRB- Brian Kendrick -RRB- .
London and Kendrick were previously managed by WWE Diva , Ashley Massaro , who London has previously dated .
In WWE , London is a former WWE Cruiserweight Champion , World Tag Team Champion , and two-time WWE Tag Team Champion .
The team split when Kendrick was drafted to the SmackDown brand in June 2008 .
He later competed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling , Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE , and various independent promotions , winning numerous championships and won the ECWA Super 8 Tournament in 2003 .
Please , see the instructions there .
This is a supportive template for various infoboxes from the : Category : Geobox series , not intended to be used on its own .
It 's a project under construction so the instructions might not be available or up-to-date yet .
On November 27 , 1978 , Milk and Mayor George Moscone were assassinated -LRB- murdered -RRB- by a man called Dan White . White was another city supervisor who had recently resigned but wanted his job back .
Milk became a city supervisor in 1977 .
Harvey Bernard Milk -LRB- May 22 , 1930 -- November 27 , 1978 -RRB- was an American politician and a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors . He was the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California .
Milk served 11 months in office and helped gay rights in the city .
Milk became an icon in San Francisco and `` a martyr for gay rights '' , according to University of San Francisco professor Peter Novak .
Anne Kronenberg , his final campaign manager , wrote of him : `` What set Harvey apart from you or me was that he was a visionary .
Milk was posthumously given the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama on August 12 , 2009 .
In 2002 , Milk was called `` the most famous and most significantly open LGBT official ever elected in the United States '' .
Milk moved from New York City to live in San Francisco in 1972 . This was a time when lots of gay men moved to live in the Castro District of San Francisco .
He imagined a righteous world inside his head and then he set about to create it for real , for all of us . ''
Julie Deborah Kavner -LRB- born September 7 , 1950 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- is an Emmy Award-winning American actress , best known for playing Brenda Morgenstern on Rhoda in the 1970s , as an actress in several Woody Allen-directed films and playing the voice of Marge Simpson on the animated television show The Simpsons .
She also voices Marge 's sisters Patty and Selma
This episode has the first appearance of `` Dr. Nick Riviera '' , `` Lionel Hutz '' , and the `` Blue-Haired Lawyer '' .
`` Bart Gets Hit by a Car '' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons second season .
The episode first started on January 10 , 1991 .
Also , recurring guest star Phil Hartman and the show 's then-script supervisor Doris Grau made their first episode in the show .
Kota Sugiyama -LRB- born 24 January 1985 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Shimizu S-Pulse .
In music theory the Circle of fifths shows how the different keys are related to one another .
Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore , though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches -LRB- 24.6 mm -RRB- on Nantucket .
Throughout much of its duration , the storm tracked through an environment with light vertical wind shear and well-established upper-level outflow .
Across southeastern Massachusetts , police departments maintained extra staff in preparation for any potential problems from the storm .
Shortly after becoming a tropical storm , the low-level circulation of Beryl became exposed with limited deep convection , though deep convection re-developed the following morning .
The only reported damage were some downed telephone poles and fallen tree branches .
About 22 hours before landfall , the National Hurricane Center replaced the watch with a tropical storm warning for the same area , and also issued a tropical storm watch from Woods Hole , Massachusetts westward to New Haven , Connecticut and for the eastern portion of Long Island from east of Fire Island to Port Jefferson .
Overall damage was minor .
Forecasters orginially predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas ; as such , a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse .
Moderate winds were reported along its path , which peaked at 60 mph -LRB- 96 km\/h -RRB- in southern Nova Scotia .
The depression moved slowly to the north-northwest through a break in the subtropical ridge , and as convective banding features became more visible the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Beryl .
Rainfall along southeastern Massachusetts reached 0.33 inches at Chatham .
Hours later , it made landfall in southwestern Nova Scotia , and on July 22 the extratropical remnants of Beryl merged with an approaching cold front over Newfoundland .
Beryl produced rough seas along the northeast United States coastline .
Beryl later produced moderate rainfall and gusty winds across Atlantic Canada , resulting in some localized power outages though little damage .
No deaths were reported .
In anticipation of heavy rainfall , the agency also issued heavy rainfall warnings for western Nova Scotia , including Halifax .
Several days prior to the passage of Beryl through Atlantic Canada , the Canadian Hurricane Centre issued gale warnings for the coastal waters off of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland .
High surf was also reported along the southern coast of Massachusetts and Rhode Island .
Local Red Cross chapters were opened , as well , with two volunteer teams placed on standby to assist .
Many fishermen secured their boats , while some business owners boarded up windows to prevent storm damage .
Late on July 20 , it began a slow weakening trend after passing over cooler waters .
The convection diminished as it moved through progressively colder waters , and shortly after 1200 UTC on July 21 Beryl became an extratropical cyclone a short distance east of Cape Cod .
After turning to the northeast , Beryl weakened over cooler waters .
Developing from a tropical disturbance on July 18 , it tracked generally northward , and strengthened to attain peak winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- under generally favorable conditions .
The rainfall caused some flooding , with some overflown streams flooding some streets .
Overall impact was minor ; there were no reported power outages , deaths , injuries , or maritime emergencies in association with the storm .
Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet in height as the storm approached the island , resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents .
The extratropical remnants continued northeastward through Nova Scotia , and on July 22 it merged with an approaching cold front .
Steering winds ahead of an approaching mid-level trough caused Beryl to speed up northeastward , and early on July 21 the center of the storm crossed the island of Nantucket .
In Massachusetts , its impact was limited to light rainfall and gusty winds , with no reported damage .
The remnants of Beryl dropped moderate precipitation in Atlantic Canada , officially peaking at 2.8 inches -LRB- 71 mm -RRB- in Scotts Bay , Nova Scotia with an unofficially higher total of 3.5 inches -LRB- 88 mm -RRB- ; in some locations 1 inch of rain fell in an hour .
Outflow continued to improve , and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl slowly strengthened further to reach peak winds of 60 mph -LRB- 95 km\/h -RRB- early on July 20 while located about 120 miles -LRB- 190 km -RRB- east of Nags Head , North Carolina .
Tropical Storm Beryl was the third tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season .
Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light , with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph ; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph .
On July 21 it struck the island of Nantucket , and shortly thereafter it became extratropical .
A cold front moved off the East Coast of the United States on July 16 and stalled off the coast of North Carolina .
Beryl also produced a storm surge of 0.9 feet on Nantucket .
The first low quickly organized into an unnamed tropical storm , and the other area stayed broad and disorganized .
However , by July 18 , the system became much better organized with improved banding features , and the area developed into Tropical Depression Two while located 220 miles -LRB- 355 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Hatteras .
Beryl maintained peak winds for about 18 hours as it paralleled the Mid-Atlantic and New Jersey coasts , during which an eye-like feature developed in the center of the convection .
It slowly decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles -LRB- 490 km -RRB- south-southeast of Cape Cod and another was located 200 miles -LRB- 320 km south of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina .
The winds downed some tree limbs and led to some power outages .
Additionally , a station in Fredericton , New Brunswick reported 1.77 inches -LRB- 45 mm -RRB- in 2 hours .
The storm caused high waves along the East Coast of the United States , with 19 foot seas -LRB- 5.97 m -RRB- in the open ocean .
Expecting for the storm , the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency was activated as a trial run for the hurricane season .
When a more northeastward track became apparent , a tropical storm watch was issued about 33 hours before moving ashore from Woods Hole to Plymouth , Massachusetts , including Cape Cod , Nantucket , and Martha 's Vineyard .
They originally worked around North East England but were later transferred to Wales .
The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit , part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 & 1986 .
The University of Colorado at Boulder is a public university in Boulder , Colorado .
It was founded in 1876 .
Tokyo Verdy is a football club which plays in Japan .
Rah Ahan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Shahr-e-Rey .
The table below chronicles the achievements of Rah Ahan every season , from 2002 to the present day .
They currently play in the IPL .
Tanana is a city in Alaska .
Robinson met Berry Gordy when Motown first became famous . He showed Gordy the lyrics to a song he had written .
Few of the songs had potential , but Gordy liked what he saw in Robinson , and signed him and his band to Motown . Gordy helped Robinson become a better songwriter , and sometimes they wrote together .
Martin JirÃ nek -LRB- born 25 May 1979 -RRB- is a Czech football player .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Electricity is usually transmitted over long distance through overhead power transmission lines .
He has held the titles of General Secretary of the Communist Party of China since 2002 , President of the People 's Republic of China since 2003 , and Chairman of the Central Military Commission since 2004 , succeeding Jiang Zemin as the top leader of of the People 's Republic of China .
Hu Jintao -LRB- born 21 December 1942 , in Taizhou , Jiangsu -RRB- is now the Paramount Leader of the People 's Republic of China .
The United States customary system -LRB- also called the `` American units '' -RRB- is the most commonly used system of measurement in the United States .
It is similar to the British Imperial units .
Also , the French historian Thuanus thought Waldo died in the year 1179 .
Centuries after his death , the Waldensian denomination joined the Genevan or Reformed branch of the Protestant Reformation .
The Roman Catholic Church began to persecute the Waldensians , and many were tried and sentenced to death in different European countries during the 12th , 13th , and 14th centuries .
In 1179 , Waldo and one of his followers went to Rome , where they were welcomed by Pope Alexander III , and the Roman Curia .
Between 1175-1185 , Waldo either had a cleric from Lyons translate the New Testament of the Bible into the language that most people spoke , the Arpitan -LRB- Franco-Proven Ã al -RRB- language , or translate it himself .
Peter Waldo , Valdo , or Waldes -LRB- c. 1140 -- c. 1218 -RRB- , also Pierre VaudÃ s or de Vaux , is believed by many to have started the Waldensians . This was a Christian spiritual movement of the Middle Ages .
Sent away from Lyon , Waldo and his followers moved to the high valleys of Piedmont , and in France , in the Luberon .
They had to explain what they believed in front of a panel of three clergymen , including issues which were then debated within the Church .
Finally , Waldo was excommunicated by Pope Lucius III during the synod held at Verona in 1184 , and the doctrine of the Poor of Lyon was again condemned by the Fourth Lateran Council in 1215 where they are mentioned by name for the first time , and called heresy .
The results of the meeting were inconclusive , and Waldo 's ideas , but not the movement itself , were condemned at the Third Lateran Council in the same year , although the leaders of the movement had not been yet excommunicated -LRB- kicked out of the Church -RRB- .
After this , he began living a radical Christian life . He gave his property to his wife .
By 1170 , many people were following him . These people were called the Poor of Lyon , the Poor of Lombardy , or the Poor of God who would spread their teaching abroad while dressed up as peddlers .
Often called the Waldensians -LRB- or Waldenses -RRB- , they were different from the Albigensians or Cathari .
Sometime not long before the year 1160 he was inspired by some events . One of these was hearing a sermon on the life of St. Alexius .
Lech Walesa -LRB- Polish : Lech WaÅ Ä sa -LRB- pronounced -LRB- lÉ x vaË wÉ Ì sa -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- born September 29 , 1943 -RRB- was a Polish shipyard worker and a politician who used to be the leader of Solidarity and the President of Poland , he won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 .
The capital city of Malacca is Malacca Town .
Malacca -LRB- also known in Malay as Melaka -RRB- is a state in Malaysia that is located on the southern part of Peninsular Malaysia . The capital city of Malacca is Malacca Town .
Kuala Lumpur is the capital city of Malaysia .
With the completion of Putrajaya in the late 1990s , the administrative capital has been moved to Putrajaya . Kuala Lumpur is home to one of the tallest buildings in the world , the Petronas Twin Towers .
Since Kuala Lumpur became a Federal Territory of Malaysia on February 1 , 1972 , the city has been led by seven mayors .
Kuala Lumpur is home to one of the tallest buildings in the world , the Petronas Twin Towers .
The average player can generally play around ten pieces from memory which they will aim to play very well , learning new pieces as and when they feel like it .
Qin pieces are usually around three to eight minutes in length , with the longest being `` Guangling San '' ã å '' # é æ # ã , which is 22 minutes long .
The rich tones of the qin can be categorised as three distinctively different `` sounds . ''
Nowadays , many qin players perform at concerts in large concert halls , almost always , out of necessity , using electronic pickups or microphones to amplify the sound .
Traditionally , the qin was played in a quiet studio or room by oneself , or with a few friends ; or played outdoors in places of outstanding natural beauty .
The first is san yin ã '' æ # é ã , which means `` scattered sounds . ''
According to tradition , the qin originally had five strings , representing the five elements of metal , wood , water , fire and earth .
The twisted cord of strings is then wrapped around a frame and immersed in a vat of liquid of natural glue that binds the strands together .
It can also be called qixianqin ã ä ç ç ã -LRB- `` seven-stringed instrument '' -RRB- .
Later in the Tang dynasty , Cao Rou -LRB- æ æ '' -RRB- and others simplified the notation , using only the important elements of the characters -LRB- like string number , plucking technique , hui number and which finger to stop the string -RRB- and combined them into one character notation .
By the 20th century , there had been attempts to try to replace the shorthand notation , but so far , it has been unsuccessful ; since the 20th century , qin music is generally printed with staff notation above the qin tablature .
An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript , dated to the 7th century CE , called Jieshi Diao : You Lan ã ç cents # ç è å 1\/2 è ã -LRB- Solitary Orchid , in Stone Tablet Mode -RRB- .
Other famous pieces include `` Liu Shui '' ã æ æ ã -LRB- Flowing Water -RRB- , `` Yangguan San Die '' ã é 1\/2 é -- ä ç -- ã -LRB- Three Refrains on the Yang Pass Theme -RRB- , `` Meihua San Nong '' ã æ cents è ä å 1\/4 ã -LRB- Three Variations on the Plum Blossom Theme -RRB- , `` Xiao Xiang Shui Yun '' ã ç æ æ é ã -LRB- Mist and Clouds over the Xiao and Xiang Rivers -RRB- , and `` Pingsha Luo Yan '' ã å æ è 1\/2 é ã -LRB- Wild Geese Descending on the Sandbank -RRB- .
In old times , the se -LRB- a long zither with movable bridges and 25 strings , similar to the Japanese koto -RRB- was frequently used in duets with the qin .
Qin study was initially confined to China in ancient times . Today countries like Japan also have their own qin small traditions .
They sit facing one another , with the student copying the master .
It can , however , be played together with a xiao -LRB- end-blown bamboo flute -RRB- , with other qin , or played while singing .
In 1977 , a recording of `` Liu Shui '' -LRB- Flowing Water , as performed by Guan Pinghu , one of the best qin players of the 20th century -RRB- was chosen to be included in the Voyager Golden Record , a gold-plated LP recording containing music from around the world , which was sent into outer space by NASA on the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecrafts .
Because Robert Hans van Gulik 's famous book about the qin is called The Lore of the Chinese Lute , the qin is sometimes inaccurately called a lute .
This meant simply pluck the required string to sound an open note .
Players mainly learn popular well studied versions , often using a recording as a reference .
Because of this , traditional qinpu do not indicate them .
Many traditionalists feel that the sound of the fingers of the left hand sliding on the strings to be a distinctive feature of qin music .
In 2003 , guqin music was proclaimed one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO .
Many qinpu compiled before the Ming dynasty are now lost , and many pieces have remained unplayed for hundreds of years .
By tradition the qin originally had five strings , but ancient qin-like instruments with 10 or more strings have been found .
This was partly due to the scarcity of high quality silk strings and partly due to the newer strings ' greater durability and louder tone .
Silk strings are made by gathering a prescribed number of strands of silk thread , then twisting them tightly together .
Furthermore , it is the case that nylon-wrapped metal strings can cause damage to the wood of old qins .
The modern form has been standardized from about two thousand years .
The style of singing is similar to that used to recite Tang poetry .
The surface board is round to represent Heaven and the bottom board flat to represent earth .
The top thicker strings -LRB- i.e. strings one to four -RRB- are further wrapped in a thin silk thread , coiled around the core to make it smoother .
If one did not have a teacher , then one had to work out the rhythm by themselves .
Other incorrect classifications -LRB- mainly from music CDs -RRB- include `` harp '' or `` table-harp '' .
The entire length of the qin -LRB- in Chinese measurements -RRB- is 3 feet , 6.5 inches , representing the 365 days of the year -LRB- though this is just a standard since qins can be shorter or longer depending on the period 's measurement standard or the maker 's preference -RRB- .
Normally , qin players will learn the rhythm of a piece through a teacher .
It was so successful that from the Ming dynasty -LRB- 1368-1644 -RRB- onwards , a lot of qinpu ã '' ç è ã -LRB- qin tablature collections -RRB- appeared , the most famous and useful being `` Shenqi Mipu '' -LRB- The Mysterious and Marvellous Tablature -RRB- compiled by Zhu Quan -LRB- æ å -RRB- , the 17th son of the founder of the Ming dynasty .
These are harmonics , and the player simply lightly touches the string with one or more fingers of the left hand at a position indicated by the white hui dots , pluck and then lift , creating a crisp and clear sound ringing sound .
é ã literally `` elegant gatherings '' -RRB- , at which a number of qin players , music lovers , or anyone with an interest in Chinese culture can come along to discuss and play the qin .
If one sings to qin songs -LRB- which is rare nowadays -RRB- then one should not sing in an operatic or folk style as is common in China , but rather in a very low pitched and deep way ; and the range in which one should sing should not exceed one and a half octaves .
In order for an instrument to accompany the qin , its sound must be mellow and not overwhelm the qin .
The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the 12th century CE .
The tablature will only be looked at if the teacher is not sure of how to play a certain part .
The ' -LRB- Chinese : å ç ; pinyin : gÇ '' qÃ n ; Wade-Giles : ku-ch ` in ; literally `` ancient stringed-instrument '' -RRB- is the modern name for a plucked seven-string Chinese musical instrument of the zither family .
Legend has it that the qin , has a history of about 5,000 years ; that the legendary people of China 's pre-history ; Fuxi , Shennong and Huang Di -LRB- the Yellow Emperor -RRB- , was involved in its creation .
Later , in the Zhou dynasty , Zhou Wen Wang å ` æ -- ç added a sixth string to mourn his son , Bo Yihou ä 1\/4 é ` è .
The third is an yin ã '' æ é \/ æ é \/ å é \/ è é ã , or `` stopped sounds . ''
Classical books such as Qin Shi , Qinshi Bu and Qinshi Xu have biographies of hundreds of more players .
Some famous players are also associated with some melodies , like Confucius and Qu Yuan .
Since qin tablature does not indicate note value , tempo or rhythm , the player must work it out for him\/herself .
This forms the majority of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it touches with the surface board , then pluck .
It is mentioned in Chinese writings dating back nearly 3,000 years , and related instruments have been found in tombs from about 2,500 years ago .
Written qin music did not directly tell what notes were played like many outer musical instruments ; instead , it was written in a tablature detailing tuning , finger positions , and plucking technique , thus made up of a step by step method and description of how to play a piece .
The guqin is nearly always used a solo single instrument , as its quietness of tone means that it can not be heard over the sounds of most other instruments or an ensemble .
There have been many players throughout the ages . The instrument was a favorite of the scholars , so many artists played it .
The guqin is not to be confused with the guzheng , another Chinese long zither also without frets , but with moveable bridges under each string .
Dapu ã '' æ `` è ã is the conversion of old tablature into a playable form .
Because of the difference in geography in China , many qin schools known as qin pai -LRB- ç æ 3\/4 -RRB- developed over the centuries .
Some tablatures do indicate notes using the gongche notation system , or indicate rhythm using dots .
To enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the strange style some players may sing their songs to .
Although most contemporary players use nylon-wrapped metal strings , some argue that nylon-wrapped metal strings can not replace silk strings for their refinement of tone .
The second is fan yin ã '' æ é ã , or `` floating sounds . ''
Traditionally the instrument was called simply qin ã ç ã , but by the 20th century the term had come to be used on many other musical instruments as well -LRB- for example , the yangqin ã æ ç ã hammered dulcimer , the huqin ã è ç ã family of bowed string instruments , and the Western piano -LRB- Chinese : é 1\/4 ç ; pinyin : gÄ ng qÃ n ; literally `` steel stringed-instrument '' -RRB- -RRB- , so the prefix `` gu - '' ã å ã -LRB- meaning `` ancient '' -RRB- was added for clarification .
Until the Cultural Revolution , the guqin 's strings were always made of various thicknesses of twisted silk ã ç ã , but since then most players use modern nylon-flatwound steel strings ã é 1\/4 ç ã .
The qin is a very quiet instrument , with a range of about four octaves , and its open strings are tuned in the bass register -LRB- its lowest pitch is about two octaves below middle C , or the lowest note on the cello -RRB- .
His successor , Zhou Wu Wang å ` æ ç , added a seventh string to motivate his troops into battle with the Shang .
Such schools generally formed around areas where qin activity was greatest .
This meant that instead of having two lines of written text to describe a few notes , a single character could represent one note , or sometimes as many as nine .
The strings are taken out and left to dry , before being cut into the appropriate length .
Because qin tablature is so useful , logical , easy , and the fastest way -LRB- once the performer knows how to read the notation -RRB- of learning a piece , it is invaluable to the qin player and can not totally be replaced .
This notation form was called jianzi pu ã '' æ å -- è ã -LRB- literally `` reduced notation '' -RRB- and it was a great step forward for recording qin scores .
It is the longest music track included on the disc .
Each part of the qin has meaning , some more obvious , like `` dragon pool '' ã é 3\/4 æ ã and `` phoenix pond '' ã é æ 1\/4 ã .
The modern nylon-wrapped metal strings were very smooth in the past , but are now slightly modified in order to capture these sliding sounds .
But it would be a mistake to say that qin music has no rhythm or melody .
In the 1960s , Zha Fuxi discovered more than 130 qinpu that contain well over 3360 pieces of written music .
Thus , the xiao generally used for this purpose is one pitched in the key of F , known as qin xiao , which is narrower than an ordinary xiao .
It is written in a longhand form called wenzi pu ã '' æ -- å -- è ã -LRB- literally `` written notation '' -RRB- , which gives all the details using ordinary written Chinese characters .
Many qin players attend yaji -LRB- ã é é ã literally `` elegant gatherings '' -RRB- , at which a number of qin players , music lovers , or anyone with an interest in Chinese culture can come along to discuss and play the qin .
Sounds are produced by pluck open strings , stopped strings , and harmonics .
The thirteen hui ã å 3\/4 1\/2 ã on the surface represent the 13 months of the year -LRB- the extra 13th is the ` leap month ' in the lunar calendar -RRB- .
In addition to learning to play established or ancient pieces very well , highly skilled qin players may also compose or improvise , although the player must be very good and extremely familiar with the instrument to be successful at it .
Schwelm is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
Schwelm is situated in the southeast of the `` Ruhrgebiet '' , the Ruhr Area of Germany , between Westphalia and the `` Bergisches Land '' .
Schwelm is home to the `` Brauerei Schwelm '' , the Schwelm Brewery , one of the few remaining private breweries in Germany .
The original office building of the brewery , the `` Rietz ` sche Haus '' built in 1701 , is still in use today .
The history of Schwelm goes back to the ninth century , where it is first mentioned as `` Suelmiu '' .
Schwelm is commonly known as the `` Pforte Westfalens '' -LRB- `` Gate to Westphalia '' -RRB- .
According to its area , Schwelm is the smallest town in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Since 1794 , `` Rud .
The oldest piano manufacturer in the world is located in Schwelm .
It was started in 1830 by Haarmann & Kathagen , the brewery was one of the first worldwide to switch from wooden to metal barrels .
The city of Schwelm was officially established in 1496 and became seat of the Ennepe-Ruhr district in 1929 .
Ibach Sohn '' has been building pianos and , until 1904 , organs in Schwelm .
Parasites are very specialised feeders : many species have only one host ; and only a minority use more than two host species .
BR 's Swindon Works were chosen to design and build express units for the ex-North British Railway Edinburgh Waverley to Glasgow Queen Street route .
The introduction of what became the Class 126 diesel multiple units originated in a British Transport Commission report of 1952 that suggested the trial use of diesel railcars .
Brazil is a city in the state of Indiana , in the United States .
It is the county seat of Clay County .
One notable omission was South Africa , who were banned from international cricket due to apartheid .
At a meeting which followed the World Cup , the International Cricket Conference agreed to make the competition a quadrennial event .
In the semi-final , Sri Lanka , heading towards a crushing victory over India at Eden Gardens -LRB- Calcutta -RRB- after their hosts lost eight wickets while scoring 120 runs in pursuit of 254 , were awarded victory by default after riots broke out in protest against the Indian performance .
Kenya 's victories over Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe , among others -- and a forfeit by the New Zealand team , which refused to play in Kenya because of security concerns -- enabled Kenya to reach the semi-finals , the best result by an associate .
Eight teams participated in the first tournament : Australia , England , India , New Zealand , Pakistan , and the West Indies -LRB- the six Test nations at the time -RRB- , together with Sri Lanka and a composite team from East Africa .
The 1992 World Cup , held in Australia and New Zealand , introduced many changes to the game , such as colored clothing , white balls , day\/night matches , and an alteration to the fielding restrictions .
In the final , Australia dismissed Pakistan for 132 and then reached the target in less than 20 overs , with eight wickets in hand .
The 1979 World Cup saw the introduction of the ICC Trophy competition to select non-Test playing teams for the World Cup , with Sri Lanka and Canada qualifying .
The first three events were held in England and officially known as the Prudential Cup after the sponsors Prudential plc. .
The number of teams participating in the event increased from twelve to fourteen .
The matches consisted of 60 six-ball overs per team , played during the daytime in traditional form , with the players wearing cricket whites and using red cricket balls .
Ireland making their World Cup debut tied with Zimbabwe and defeated Pakistan to progress to the second round , where they went on to defeat Bangladesh Following their defeat to Ireland , the Pakistani coach Bob Woolmer was found dead in his hotel room .
India , an outsider quoted at 66-1 to win by bookmakers before the competition began , were crowned champions after upsetting the West Indies by 43 runs in the final .
West Indies won a second consecutive World Cup tournament , defeating the hosts , England , by 92 runs in the final .
By this time , Sri Lanka had become a Test-playing nation , and Zimbabwe qualified through the ICC Trophy .
In the final , Australia made 359 runs for the loss of two wickets , the largest ever total in a final , defeating India by 125 runs .
They then proceeded to the final with a tied match in the semi-final -LRB- also against South Africa -RRB- where a mix-up between South African batsmen Lance Klusener and Allan Donald saw Donald drop his bat and stranded mid-pitch to be run out .
The inaugural Cricket World Cup was hosted in 1975 by England , the only nation able to put forward the resources to stage an event of such magnitude at that time .
Australia won the championship by defeating England by 7 runs in the final , the closest margin in World Cup final history .
The tournament was won by the West Indies , who defeated Australia by 17 runs in the final at Lord 's .
The games were reduced from 60 to 50 overs per innings , the current standard , because of the shorter daylight hours in the Indian subcontinent compared with England 's summer .
The 1983 event was hosted by England for a third consecutive time .
In 2007 the tournament was hosted by the West Indies . The Cricket World Cup became the world tournament to be hosted on all six populated continents .
Sri Lanka went on to win their maiden championship by defeating Australia by seven wickets in the final , which was held in Lahore .
The cause of death was heart failure , Australia defeated Sri Lanka in the final by 53 runs -LRB- D\/L -RRB- , extending their undefeated run in the World Cup to 29 matches and winning three straight World Cups .
In 1999 the event was hosted by England , with some matches also being held in Scotland , Ireland , Wales and the Netherlands .
The South African cricket team participated in the event for the first time , following the fall of the apartheid regime and the end of the international sports boycott .
The 1987 tournament , named the Reliance World Cup after their Indian sponsors , was held in India and Pakistan , the first time that the competition was held outside England .
South Africa , Zimbabwe and Kenya hosted the 2003 World Cup .
Pakistan overcame a dismal start to emerge as winners , defeating England by 22 runs in the final .
Hereford cattle are a widely used breed in temperate areas , mainly for beef production .
This is a testament to the hardiness of the breed ; while originating in cool , moist Britain , they have thrived in much harsher climates . The breed has adapted to a wide range of climates on nearly every continent .
For use on the various pages on multiple unit trains .
Catherine Howard was a cousin of Henry 's second wife , Anne Boleyn .
Henry was born in Greenwich Palace on 28 June 1491 and was the second son of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York .
Henry 's older brother was called Arthur .
Henry VIII -LRB- 28 June 1491 â `` 28 January 1547 -RRB- was the King of England from 1509 until his death .
He could speak fluent Latin , French and Spanish .
The moon was sometimes called Hestia , after the Greek goddess , from 1955 to 1975 .
It is the biggest member of the group that bears its name , the moons orbiting between 11.4 and 13 million kilometers from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5 Â .
It was found by Charles Dillon Perrine at the Lick Observatory on December 3 1904 and is named after the nymph Himalia who bore three sons of Zeus -LRB- the Greek equivalent of Jupiter -RRB- .
The moon covers only a few pixels , but seems to be a stretched object with axes 150 Â 20 and 120 Â 20 km , close to the Earth-based estimations .
Measurements by Cassini confirm a featureless spectrum , with a slight absorption at 3 Î 1\/4 m which could indicate the presence of water .
Himalia did not get its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as ' or Jupiter Satellite VI , although calls for a full name appeared shortly after its and Elara 's discovery ; A.C.D. Crommelin wrote in 1905 , Unfortunately the numeration of Jupiter 's satellites is now in precisely the same confusion as that of Saturn 's system was before the numbers were abandoned and names substituted .
In February and March 2007 , the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto made a series of pictures of Himalia , culminating in photos from a distance of eight million km .
The orbital elements are as of January 2000 .
A similar course would seem to be advisable here ; the designation V for the inner satellite was tolerated for a time , as it was considered to be in a class by itself ; but it has now got companions , so that this subterfuge disappears .
Driggs is a city of Idaho in the United States .
Ulm is a city in Germany , in the state of Baden-W Ã 1\/4 rttemberg .
The world 's highest church tower is the Ulmer MÃ 1\/4 nster -LRB- 161,5 m -RRB- in Ulm . Also , Ulm has the oldest city theater in Germany .
Blausasc is a commune .
Koichiro Katafuchi -LRB- born 29 April 1975 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
`` Minority '' was the first single from Green Day 's album , Warning .
It was a # 1 on the Modern Rock chart in late 2000 .
Benetice is a small village near the town SvÄ tlÃ nad SÃ zavou -LRB- in Czech Republic -RRB- .
It was planted in 1945 .
A linden-tree grows on village green of Benetice .
There is recreation camp in Benetice .
There was a glass factory in Benetice .
It does not exist any more , but some local names of places are derived from the parts of the glass factory as name Na suÅ Ã rnÃ ch or SklÃ renskÃ 1\/2 rybnÃ k -LRB- the name of a pond -RRB- .
It was used as pioneer camp -LRB- pioneers were people organized in one group in Czech republic -RRB- and it was used for young people from Hungary , Poland and Germany .
Two other ships , many buoys , and a few oil platforms also recorded strong winds .
Soon after , Isaac turned into an extratropical storm and merged with a larger extratropical system on October 3 off the Avalon Peninsula .
On October 2 , a ship called the Elektra -LRB- call sign SIWB -RRB- reported winds of 52 m while it was located about 170 m to the east of the center of the storm .
At Cape Race , constant winds were as high as 46 m , with wind gusts of up to 60 m. The strongest winds remained offshore .
However , some parts of the Avalon Peninsula had tropical storm conditions .
On October 2 , all tropical cyclone watches and warnings were taken away .
Since the storm was moving so quickly , it did not drop much rainfall ; precipitation usually amounted to below 1 i.
Waves off the coast reached about 16 f heigh .
The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning the next day . Another watch was issued for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas , although it was quickly removed .
Heavy rain and gusty winds were expected . Because of this , rainfall warnings were declared for parts of southern Newfoundland .
A tropical storm watch was sent up on October 1 for the Avalon Peninsula .
Milliyet is a major Turkish daily newspaper founded in 1950 .
It is the county seat of McCurtain County .
Idabel is a city in McCurtain County , Oklahoma , United States .
Peggy Fleming is an American figure skater and ABC Sports television commentator .
A substitution cipher is a form of cryptography .
The steeplechase is an obstacle race in athletics , which derives its name from the word steeplechase in the horse racing .
Arispe is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Autreppes is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Over the years , he has worked with classical and bluegrass artists such as Joshua Bell , Yo-Yo Ma , BÃ la Fleck , Sam Bush , James Taylor , Jerry Douglas , Mike Marshall , Mark O'Connor , Alison Krauss , the members of Nickel Creek , and Mary Chapin Carpenter .
Germanicus 's forces smashed across the Rhine and quickly occupied all of the territory between the Rhine and the Elbe .
As a result , in AD 18 Germanicus was granted control over the eastern part of the empire , just as both Agrippa and Tiberius had received before , and was clearly the successor to Tiberius .
Finally , with Tiberius 's withdrawal to Capri in AD 26 , Sejanus was left in charge of the entire state mechanism and the city of Rome .
Tiberius -LRB- Tiberius Julius Caesar Augustus , 16 November 42 BC â `` 16 March 37 -RRB- was the second Roman Emperor . He ruled from 14 to 37 AD .
Sejanus began a series of purge trials of Senators in Rome .
Germanicus 's widow Agrippina the Elder and two of her sons were arrested and exiled in AD 30 and later all died in suspicious circumstances .
Then , in AD 31 , Sejanus was summoned to a meeting of the Senate , where a letter from Tiberius was read condemning Sejanus and ordering his immediate execution .
However , Tacitus ' portrayal of a tyrannical , vengeful emperor has been challenged by several modern historians .
Sejanus had served the imperial family for almost twenty years when he became Praetorian Prefect in AD 15 .
So Germanicus dealt a significant blow to Rome 's enemies , and quelled an uprising of troops , actions that increased his fame with the Roman people .
After being recalled from Germania , Germanicus celebrated a triumph in Rome in AD 17 , the first full triumph that the city had seen since Augustus 's own in 29 BC .
He was the step-son of Augustus .
Problems soon arose .
Germanicus rallied the mutineers and led them on a short campaign across the Rhine into Germanic territory , stating that whatever treasure they could grab would count as their bonus .
Germanicus and Tiberius 's son , Drusus , were dispatched with a small force to quell the uprising and bring the legions back in line .
Tiberius had statues of Sejanus erected throughout the city , and Sejanus became more and more visible as Tiberius began to withdraw from Rome altogether .
The prominent ancient historian Edward Togo Salmon notes in his work , A history of the Roman world from 30 B.C. to A.D. 138 : `` In the whole twenty two years of Tiberius ' reign , not more than fifty-two persons were accused of treason , of whom almost half escaped conviction , while the four innocent people to be condemned fell victims to the excessive zeal of the Senate , not to the Emperor 's tyranny '' .
Sejanus was tried , and he and several of his colleagues were executed within the week .
The death of Drusus elevated Sejanus .
Her death in AD 29 changed all that .
This explains why taxanes have been used to produce chemotherapy drugs .
It is a Himalayan language of Tibeto-Burman branch of the Sino-Tibetan group .
Nepal Bhasa is a language .
Ivor , Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States .
In the Korean alphabet hangeul , í -LRB- è -RRB- signifies `` to strike with the foot '' ; ê -LRB- æ -RRB- to `` strike with the hand '' ; and ë -LRB- é `` -RRB- signifies `` way '' , `` road '' or `` route '' .
Taekwondo can therefore be translated as `` way of the foot and of the fist '' .
Breaking boards , for example , demonstrates a union of mental and physical discipline . Breaking a board with one 's hand or foot requires both the physical mastery of the technique and a concentrated focus on one 's force .
Taekwondo develops force , speed , balance , flexibility , and stamina .
Taekwondo as a sport and as an exercise is popular among people of both sexes and many ages .
Rivera was fired because of this and the mural was destroyed .
Rivera is most famous for his 1933 mural , `` Man at the Crossroads , '' for the lobby of the RCA Building at Rockefeller Center . Before he finished the mural , people saw that there was an image of Vladimir Lenin and other communist images in it .
The few natural resources are gold , copper , coal , natural gas , limestone , marble , and asbestos .
It was formed when the Eurasian Plate slid under an old chain of volcanic islands in the Philippine Mobile Belt .
The island of Formosa -LRB- or Taiwan -RRB- was formed about 4.5 million years ago from a Geosyncline . It is part of an island arc .
The island is 55 % forest , 24 % farmable lands , 15 % miscellaneous , 5 % pastures , and 1 % crops .
At the northern end of the island , the Philippine Mobile Belt sank under the Eurasian Plate .
Victoria is a town in the western part of BraÅ ov County , Romania , near the FÄ gÄ raÅ Mountains .
Zimmermann sent it to the German ambassador in the United States , Johann von Bernstorff . Bernstorff then sent it to the German ambassador in Mexico , Heinrich von Eckardt .
The Zimmermann Telegram -LRB- also called the Zimmermann Note -RRB- was a telegram sent to Mexico from Germany on January 16 , 1917 . It is named for the German man who sent it , Arthur Zimmermann .
The railway station opened in 1875 and closed in 1974 . The signal box was still used until 1979 .
In the past there was a hotel , service station and a railway station .
Breadalbane is also near the start of the Federal Highway . This branches off the Hume Highway just south of Goulburn and goes to Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory .
The highway used to go through the small town but it was bypassed in the early 1990s .
All trace of the station has been removed , although a loading bank is still standing .
It is near Goulburn in the Upper Lachlan Shire .
Breadalbane is also situated on the Sydney-Melbourne railway line .
Breadalbane is a very historic town . There are now only a few houses .
Breadalbane is a small village on the Lachlan River in New South Wales , Australia .
This little town is also on the Hume Highway which links Sydney and Melbourne .
Texas A&M Universityâ `` Corpus Christi is a public university in Corpus Christi , Texas , United States .
Uzeste is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
None of the material from those days is readily available , and since official Boards of Canada sources deny the existence of these albums , there seems to be little chance for this early material ever to be seen publicly .
By 1989 , the band had gone down just to Sandison and Eoin .
Boards of Canada 's music is part like the warm , analog sounds of 1970s media and contains themes of childhood , nostalgia and the natural world .
Growing up in a musical family , brothers Mike and Marcus Eoin began playing instruments at a young age .
com , removed the early discography of Boards of Canada , although some information has been preserved by fans .
They are signed with Warp Records and have released several works on that label with little advertising and few interviews , while also having a secret , privately-released back-catalogue of albums on their self-run Music70 label .
Early tape releases by Boards of Canada include Play By Numbers , Acid Memories , Hooper Bay , and the earliest known release by the band is titled Catalog 3 .
Mike and Marcus have mentioned the documentary films of the National Film Board of Canada , from which the group 's name is derived , as a source of inspiration .
In the early 1990s , a number of collaborations took place and the band put on small shows among the `` Hexagon Sun '' collective .
In their teens they went in a number of amateur bands ; however , it was not until 1986 when Marcus was invited to Mike 's band that Boards of Canada was born .
In early 2000 , the website for the band , Music70 .
Boards of Canada -LRB- commonly abbreviated BoC -RRB- are a Scottish electronic music duo of two brothers Mike Sandison -LRB- born June 1 , 1970 -RRB- and Marcus Eoin -LRB- born July 21 , 1971 -RRB- .
They have also recorded four tracks under the alias Hell Interface .
They experimented with recording uses at around the age of 10 , using tape machines to layer cut-up samples of found sounds over compositions of their own .
It is currently shown this way on the Tube map , but has been shown as two stations at times .
: e First served by Metropolitan line -- service transferred to Bakerloo line in 1939 and then to the Jubilee line in 1979 .
Although the Hammersmith & City line platforms at Paddington are on the other side of the mainline station from the platforms of the other Underground lines , it is treated as a single station .
: i First served by District line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
: k First served by Metropolitan line -- District line service added in 1910 which was transferred to Piccadilly line in 1933 .
: d First served by Metropolitan line -- Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 .
The London Underground is a metro system in the United Kingdom . It serves Greater London and the nearby districts of Essex , Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire .
This list includes all current stations on the London Underground and Docklands Light Railway .
: c First served by Metropolitan line -- District line service added in stages , Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
: a First served by Metropolitan line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 .
: j First served by District line -- Metropolitan line service added in stages which was transferred to Hammersmith & City line in 1990 .
: f First served by Metropolitan line -- Bakerloo line service added in 1939 which was transferred to the Jubilee line in 1979 .
Its first section opened in 1863 which makes it oldest underground metro system in the world .
: l First served by District line -- service transferred to Piccadilly line in 1964 .
Listed for each station is the line or lines serving it , the local authority and London Travelcard zone in which it is located , the date it opened , previous names and passenger usage statistics in millions per year .
: g First served by Bakerloo line -- service transferred to Jubilee line in 1979 .
There are three instances where two separate stations share the same name : Edgware Road , Hammersmith and Canary Wharf .
: m First served by Metropolitan line -- Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 , Circle line service added in 2009 .
Canary Wharf has separate Jubilee line and Docklands Light Railway stations , which are shown as one station on current tube maps .
: h First served by District line -- service transferred to Piccadilly line in 1933 .
: b First served by Metropolitan line -- Circle line services separately identified in 1949 , Hammersmith & City line services separately identified in 1990 .
Torcieu is a commune .
He plays for Muangthong United and Thailand national team .
Datsakorn Thonglao -LRB- born 30 December 1983 -RRB- is a Thai football player .
Many of the heroes and items in the game are taken directly from Defense of the Ancients . However , there are a few heroes and items that new to Heroes of Newerth .
These competing claims are also reflected in the variety of names used for the islands and the sea .
The sea and its mostly uninhabited islands are subject to several competing claims of sovereignty by neighboring nations .
There are hundreds of minute South China Sea Islands , collectively an archipelago .
The South China Sea is a marginal sea south of China . It is a part of the Pacific Ocean , occupying an area from Singapore to the Strait of Taiwan of around 3,500,000 kmÂ .
The Republic of Bulgaria is a country in South-Eastern Europe .
Life Left to Go was released in the Summer of 2008 by Alternative rock band SafetySuit .
Ice-nine is a fictional material . It was invented by author Kurt Vonnegut in his novel , Cat 's Cradle .
Ailly-sur-Noye is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
` Bluegrass band leaves the fold ' -LRB- uses a news announcer voice -RRB- .
In the early days , Nickel Creek made two albums : Little Cowpoke in 1993 , and Here to There in 1997 .
The band has played songs by Radiohead , Elliott Smith , Bob Dylan , and even `` Toxic '' by Britney Spears .
To say goodbye to their fans , the tour was named the Farewell -LRB- For Now -RRB- Tour , because the band does not know if they will get together again . The tour started in April 2007 and ended in November 2007 in Nashville , Tennessee .
It canâ t be duplicated in my life . ''
Iâ m not looking for anything to top this .
When talking about Nickel Creek 's last tour before the break , Sara Watkins said `` A lot of the other stuff will be special in the way that anything is special when you realize that itâ s not going to be around forever ... Nothing is going be Nickel Creek except Nickel Creek .
Chris Thile talked about the band 's genre and style in a 2005 interview from JamBase : `` We actually feel like more than a bluegrass band that stretched out .
A fourth member also plays bass with the band .
The band has three people : Chris Thile -LRB- mandolin -RRB- , Sean Watkins -LRB- guitar -RRB- , and Sara Watkins -LRB- violin -RRB- .
Sean Watkins also said :
Chris Thile 's father Scott Thile , Byron House , and Derek Jones have played bass with the group .
We are a band that incorporates bluegrass into our music .
The band started in California in 1989 with Scott Thile , Chris ' father , playing the double bass .
Mark Schatz has played bass with Nickel Creek since 2003 .
Nickel Creek was an American acoustic musical group .
Nickel Creek released Why Should the Fire Die ?
No , no , no , no , no. .
There 's been a problem in perception .
On the This Side tour of 2002 and 2003 , Nickel Creek played shows as the main act for the most part , but also opened five shows for John Mayer in November 2002 in Upstate New York and New England , and played with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings earlier in the year .
The oldest of the children , Sean Watkins , was only twelve years old at the time .
Although the group 's music has roots in bluegrass , Nickel Creek now calls itself `` progressive acoustic '' .
Actually , it 's a band that incorporates a little bluegrass into whatever the hell kind of music they play . ''
In 2003 , Nickel Creek was on BÃ la Fleck 's album Little Worlds .
The tour had many guest appearances by musicians like Fiona Apple , Glen Phillips , Jon Brion , Bruce Molsky , BÃ la Fleck , and Tift Merritt .
Mbo Mpenza -LRB- born 4 December 1976 -RRB- is a former Belgian football player .
Super Sweet 16 : The Movie is an MTV television film , based on the series My Super Sweet 16 .
Heinz Flohe -LRB- born 28 January , 1948 -RRB- is a former German football player .
Brunembert is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Two types of melanin pigment give hair its color : eumelanin and pheomelanin . Pheomelanin colors hair red .
Sometimes society makes rules about hair , for example by not allowing people to cut their hair or beards .
Metaphysics is sometimes split up into ontology -LRB- the philosophy of real life and living things -RRB- , the philosophy of mind and the philosophy of religion ; but these sub-branches are very close together .
Kevin Ferguson also known as Kimbo Slice -LRB- born on February 8 , 1974 -RRB- is a American mixed martial arts fighter .
The Chaldean Catholic Church or the Chaldean Church of Babylon -LRB- , ' -RRB- is an Eastern particular church of the Catholic Church , maintaining full communion with the Bishop of Rome and the rest of the Catholic Church . The Chaldean Catholic Church presently comprises an estimated 600,000 - 700,000 Chaldean Christians .
The Chaldean Catholic Church or the Chaldean Church of Babylon -LRB- , ' -RRB- is an Eastern particular church of the Catholic Church , maintaining full communion with the Bishop of Rome and the rest of the Catholic Church .
The Chaldean Catholic Church presently comprises an estimated 600,000 - 700,000 Chaldean Christians .
Atsushi Yanagisawa -LRB- born 27 May 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
That is the case for most of the human rights . Therefore obviously a corporation can not hold public office , but it can file a lawsuit .
In jurisprudence , a natural person is a real human being in contrast to an artificial person , meaning an organization that the law treats for some purposes as if it were a person distinct from its members or owner .
In the Western Hemisphere , Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city south of the United States , with a population of 651,880 -LRB- 2001 census -RRB- .
It faces a natural harbor protected by the Palisadoes , a long sand spit which connects Port Royal and the Norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island .
The City of Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica . It is located on the southeastern coast of the island country .
Screws are basically divided into wood screws , machine screws and self-tapping screws .
These are three different types of screw .
Staden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Preures is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Caumont-l ' Ã ventÃ is a commune .
He has played for Japan national team .
Mitsuo Watanabe -LRB- born 4 June 1953 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Gilhoc-sur-Orm Ã ze is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Niels was also the brother of Harald Bohr . He was a mathematician and he played in the National Team of Football .
The others went on to lead successful lives , including Aage Bohr , who became a very successful physicist and , like his father , won a Nobel Prize in physics , in 1975 .
Bohr did experiments in the Trinity College in Cambridge under the direction of J.J. Thomson .
On the basis of the theories of Rutherford , he published his theory of electrons . He introduces the theory of electrons traveling in orbits around the nucleus of the atom in 1913 and the chemical properties of the orbit .
Their oldest died in a tragic boating accident and another died from childhood meningitis .
Niels Bohr and his wife Margrethe NÃ rlund Bohr had six sons .
He married Margrethe NÃ rlund in 1912 . One of his sons was Aage Bohr , who was also an important physicist .
He was born in Copenhagen , Denmark , in 1885 .
Niels Bohr -LRB- October 7 , 1885 - November 18 , 1962 -RRB- was a famous Danish physicist who helped discover quantum physics , the structure of the atom , and the atomic bomb . Bohr was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1922 for , in short , discovering the quantization of atomic energy levels .
He worked also in a project of physicists known as Manhattan Project .
His father was Christian Bohr , who was also professor of physiology at the University of Copenhagen . His mother was Ellen Adler Bohr .
Philippe MexÃ s -LRB- born 30 March 1982 -RRB- is a French football player . He plays for Roma and France national team .
Dohis is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
This template is a self-reference and so is part of the Wikipedia project rather than the encyclopaedic content .
Do not place it on every possible word .
This template is only for dictionary definitions that currently exist on Wiktionary and which , due to previous re-creations , are likely to be re-created in unencyclopedic form .
For discussion and queries , see template talk : Wi .
Then it also substitutes a to prevent a page from being listed on Special : Shortpages .
; : Used for pages linking to lists or categories on Wiktionary .
Important : Check the link before using this method , as Wiktionary uses proper capitalization for its entries , unlike Wikipedia 's uppercased first letter or page name .
; : Provides a soft redirect to the Wiktionary page , using the current page 's name .
Since 1964 Keosayan has been a director at Mosfilm Studio .
He has worked worked a few times for Armenfilm Studio .
In 1964 , he graduated from the Directing Department of VGIK -LRB- E. Dzigan 's master class -RRB- .
From 1954 to 1956 Keosayan studied in Plekhanov Moscow Institute of Economy .
His films are mainly in the Armenian and Russian languages .
Edmond Keosayan -LRB- ; Leninakan , now Gyumri , October 9 , 1936 - Moscow , April 21 , 1994 -RRB- was an Armenian Soviet movie director and musician .
From 1956 to 1958 he studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute .
Fresnoy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Sue Gardner -LRB- born 1967 -RRB- is the Executive Director of the Wikimedia Foundation .
DaMarcus Beasley -LRB- born May 24 1982 in Fort Wayne , Indiana -RRB- is an American football player .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
LuÃ on is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
According to the 2002 Romanian census there are a total of 35,791 Lipovans in Romania , of whom 21,623 still live in Dobrogea .
The method of growing Rickettsia in chicken embryos was invented by Ernest William Goodpasture and his colleagues at Vanderbilt University in the early 1930s .
When he was 18 , he was elected as the Davison School Board .
Until 1972 , he went to Davison High School .
Tanzania national football team is the national football team of Tanzania .
He played for Rapid in the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final against Paris St Germain in Brussels , which Rapid lost .
From 1997 till 2001 he was captain of the team .
Peter SchÃ ttel -LRB- born 26 March 1967 in Vienna , Austria -RRB- is a Austrian footballer , who played for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian football team as defender .
Chapel Hill got its name from a chapel on a hill , that was around in the 1700s .
Since then , Chapel Hill has been somewhat rich .
It is in an area called The Triangle , because it is next to Raleigh and Durham .
Chapel Hill got its name from a chapel on a hill , that was around in the 1700s . In 1792 , The University of North Carolina -LRB- UNC -RRB- was started , which helped Chapel Hill grow .
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the spiritual leader of the Church of England and the Anglican Communion .
He was Prime Minister for three years .
Edward Gough Whitlam -LRB- born 11 July 1916 -RRB- was the 21st Prime Minister of Australia .
GÃ 1\/4 nter Bernard -LRB- born 4 November , 1939 -RRB- is a former German football player .
This is actually one of two airports in Tenerife , the other one is Tenerife North -LRB- Los Rodeos -RRB- .
Orlando International Airport -LRB- airport code KMCO -RRB- is a major airport serving the city of Orlando , Florida .
These are the albums made by Eurythmics .
Eurythmics got back together in 1999 and made a ninth album .
The Eurythmics originally formed in 1980 and broke up in 1990 .
Lake Worth is a city of Florida in the United States .
Pollen grains , which contain the male gametes -LRB- sperm -RRB- , need to get to where the female gamete -LRB- s -RRB- are .
Pollination is part of sexual reproduction in plants .
80 % of plants are pollinated by living things , and only 20 % use abiotic -LRB- non-living -RRB- pollination . Of these abiotic pollinations , 98 % is done by wind and just 2 % by water .
Barbengo is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword . This one was a variation of long samurai sword .
It was also sharpened along the back edge to reduce its weight .
Warriors used the weapon against horsemen .
The way to hold nagamaki was also very specific .
The nagamaki is designed for large sweeping and slicing strokes .
It also works as a spear .
Still , it required more time and materials to create a nagamaki than a spears or a naginata sword , this is why it was not so widely spread .
Traditionally , it was used as infantry weapon .
In contrast to it naginata is shorter , wider and more curved to the tip .
Unlike the naginata , the hands did not change when handling the weapon and the right hand was always the closest to the blade .
Nagamaki is a Japanese pole weapon with a large and heavy blade .
The blade was single-edged .
It was held with the two hands in a fixed position in the same way a katana sword is held .
Even the name `` nagamaki '' is given by the tradition of handle wrapping . The word `` nagamaki '' means `` long wrapping '' .
The closest exemplar of real nagamaki you can see today is nagamaki-naoshi .
The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata sword .
The nagamaki is considered the favored weapon of General Oda Nobunaga .
It appears to be like a long katana-shaped halberd , but straighter and thinner , with a very long tsuka .
While handling nagamaki not too many sliding actions on the handle were performed as it was in naginata 's case , where you use the entire length of the shaft .
During the middle of the Muromachi period -LRB- 1336-1600 A.D. -RRB- it reached its peak of usage .
The nagamaki handle was wrapped with cords in criss-crossed manner , very similar to the wrapping that is made on katana .
It was introduced and used primarily during the Kamakura -LRB- 1192 - 1333 -RRB- , Nanbokucho -LRB- 1334 - 1392 -RRB- and early Muromachi -LRB- 1392 â `` 1573 -RRB- periods .
It reminds a traditional naginata , but the main difference was that the handle -LRB- tsuka -RRB- of the nagamaki was not constructed of wood ; it was made more like a katana handle .
It is very much like a glaive .
Tiago Prado -LRB- born 3 May 1984 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for Chengdu Blades .
Jyutping is a new Cantonese romanization system for Standard Cantonese . It was developed by the Linguistic Society of Hong Kong -LRB- LSHK -RRB- in 1993 .
Pell City is a city in St. Clair County , Alabama , United States .
The city is the county seat of St. Clair County along with Ashville .
At the 2000 census the population was 9,565 .
Hawthorne is a city in Los Angeles County , California .
Its population is 84,112 .
Boynton Beach was founded in 1920 .
Boynton Beach is a city in Palm Beach County , Florida .
It was the first year of the 20th century .
1901 -LRB- MCMI -RRB- was a common year starting on Tuesday of the Gregorian calendar .
They were built by Metropolitan Vickers in 1953 â `` 1954 for use over the Woodhead Line between Manchester and Sheffield .
The British Rail Class 77 , also known as Class EM2 , is a class of 1.5 kV DC , Co-Co electric locomotive .
Human sexuality can be described as the way someone is attracted to other people . What they feel can be heterosexual -LRB- attracted to the opposite sex -RRB- , homosexual -LRB- attracted to the same sex -RRB- or bisexual -LRB- attracted to both sexes -RRB- .
Bruce Leslie McLaren -LRB- 30 August 1937 -- 2 June 1970 -RRB- , born in Auckland , New Zealand , was a race-car designer , driver , engineer and inventor .
Vaudricourt , Pas-de-Calais is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
The `` White Cliffs of Dover '' in Kent , England are a good example of this .
Chalk holds water , so these chalk hills have a lot of water in them , and when the weather is very dry , water comes slowly from the chalk .
Chalk can write on a chalk Board .
Blackboard chalk is not real chalk .
It is in the Borough of Congleton .
Eduardo da Silva -LRB- born 25 February 1983 -RRB- is a Croatian football player . He plays for Shakhtar and Croatia national team .
Quintin is a commune . It is found in the region Bretagne in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in the west of France .
Abbreviated CBM in the freight business and MTQ -LRB- or numeric code 49 -RRB- in international trade .
The cubic metre -LRB- symbol mÂ -RRB- is the SI unit of volume .
A cubic metre of pure water at the temperature of maximum density -LRB- 3.98 Â C -RRB- and standard atmospheric pressure -LRB- 101.325 kPa -RRB- has a mass of 1000 kg , or one tonne .
It is sometimes abbreviated cu m , m3 , m ^ 3 or m \*\* 3 when superscript characters or markup are not available\/accessible -LRB- i.e. in some typewritten documents and postings in Usenet newsgroups -RRB- .
At 0 Â C , the freezing point of water , it is slightly less , 999.972 kg .
It is the volume of a cube with edges one metre in length .
The German libretto was written by the composer . He was adapting a story by Carlo Gozzi called La donna serpente .
Die Feen -LRB- The Fairies -RRB- is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner .
Some authorities regard the chutchta and vellerosa subspecies of the Wildcat as Chinese Mountain Cat subspecies .
It is the least known member of the genus Felis , the common cats .
The Chinese Mountain Cat -LRB- Felis bieti -RRB- , also known as the Chinese Desert Cat , is a small wild cat of western China .
Belmont-Luth Ã zieu is a commune .
Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a 1970 album by Derek and the Dominos .
Bridgit Claire Mendler -LRB- December 18 , 1992 -RRB- is an American actor and singer .
She also guest starred in Disney Channel Original Series ' JONAS and played Juliet Van Heusen on Wizards of Waverly Place . She plays Teddy Duncan in the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie .
If a car 's chassis and engine are made by the same entity , then the constructor is the car make .
Since the early 1980s , the FIA requires that Formula One entrants own the intellectual rights to the chassis that they enter .
k Lola includes Larrousse and Mastercard Lola entries .
All were American-based .
Constructors whose only World Championship participation was in the Indianapolis 500 from 1950 to 1960 .
The following is a list of Formula One constructors . These are constructors which have competed or plan to compete in the FIA World Championship .
d Coloni later became Andrea Moda .
q Osella subsequently became Fondmetal .
The title of Formula One World Champion Constructor is given to the car make that scores the most points during the season . The `` make '' of a car includes both the chassis and engine .
n Minardi subsequently became Scuderia Toro Rosso .
a Arrows were known as Footwork from 1991 to 1996 .
Williams Grand Prix Engineering , now WilliamsF1 , was a new constructor established by Frank Williams and Patrick Head after Williams left Wolf-Williams .
j Ligier subsequently became Prost Grand Prix .
This list only shows chassis constructors for that reason .
s Sauber subsequently became BMW works team BMW Sauber , then reverted back to Sauber .
Because both engine and chassis are included in the make name , chassis run with different engines are counted as two separate makes . For example , Lotus-Ford is a make different from Lotus-BRM .
Rob Walker Racing Team was the most successful example . They earned the first victories in Formula One for both Cooper and Lotus .
e Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys , Iso Marlboro -LRB- - -RRB- and Wolf-Williams cars .
The World Constructors ' Championship title is awarded to the constructor of the chassis of the make that scores the most points .
An entrant is the person or corporate entity that enters a race . They register a car and driver with the FIA .
g Jordan subsequently became Midland F1 Racing , then Spyker , then Force India .
l March subsequenty became Leyton House Racing , later reappearing as March for one final season .
Subsequently became Red Bull Racing .
Brabham and Lotus chassis were used by many other teams during the 1960s and 1970s .
c Benetton formerly Toleman ; subsequently became Renault F1 .
i Leyton House formerly March Engineering .
f Jaguar formerly Stewart Grand Prix .
Subsequently became Wolf .
r Prost formerly Ligier .
For more information on engines , see Formula One engines .
In Formula One racing the terms `` constructor '' and `` entrant '' do not mean the same thing .
So the make is McLaren-Mercedes . The name of the chassis constructor is always placed before the engine constructor .
Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis .
w Tyrrell subsequently became British American Racing .
Before this time , constructors were free to sell their chassis to other teams .
u Stewart subsequently became Jaguar Racing .
b BAR formerly Tyrrell ; subsequently became Honda , then Brawn , then Mercedes GP .
m Midland formerly Jordan Grand Prix ; subsequently became Spyker F1 , then Force India .
x Wolf formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars .
Under the FIA rules , `` the constructor of an engine or chassis is the person -LRB- including any corporate or unincorporated body -RRB- which owns the intellectual rights to such engine or chassis . ''
v Toleman subsequently became Benetton Formula .
h Does not include Kurtis ' Indianapolis 500 -LRB- 1950-1960 -RRB- entries .
The nationality of Eagle , Penske , Shadow and Wolf is disputed .
t Spyker formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing ; subsequently became Force India .
They are flat , like fettuccine and trenette , but narrow like spaghetti .
Linguine alle vongole -LRB- with clams -RRB- is a popular use of this sort of pasta .
He has played for Japan national team .
Reizo Fukuhara -LRB- born 2 April 1931 - died 27 February 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He made a Hindu monastery in Kauai , Hawaii and founded the magazine Hinduism Today .
It is in three books and more than 3,000 pages . The work is written in a flowing version of written English that is similar to the spoken language as well as ancient Hindu oral traditions .
Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami -LRB- January 5 , 1927 -- 2001 -RRB- , known as Gurudeva by his followers , was a Hindu leader and author . He was born in Oakland , California .
Rahman allowed the Jamaat to be a political party again .
However Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was assassinated in 1975 and army chief Ziaur Rahman seized power .
Azam then moved to London , and other leaders moved to the Middle East .
The Jamaat was banned after Bangladesh became an independent country and its top leaders fled to West Pakistan .
In 1947 East Bengal became part of Pakistan -LRB- East Pakistan -RRB- - and the Jamaat-e-Islami was divided into separate Indian and Pakistani parties .
Rahman also allowed Azam to return to Bangladesh as the leader of Jamaat .
The Jamaat were against Bangladesh becoming independent from Pakistan as they thought it was against Islam .
Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , the first president of Bangladesh also canceled the citizenship of Golam Azam , the leader of Jamaat .
Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami -LRB- or ` Jamaat ' for short -RRB- is the largest Islamic political party in Bangladesh .
The Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh originates from the East Pakistani party .
Centralia is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Comodoro Rivadavia is the largest city of the Chubut Province , Argentina .
It was set up in October 1983 in order to keep the East Caribbean dollar -LRB- EC$ -RRB- stable , to regulate the banking system and to help the balanced growth and development of member states .
Its headquarters are in Basseterre , on the island of St. Kitts .
All of the ECCB members are also a part of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States -LRB- OECS -RRB- .
Valgorge is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
These are ice hockey players who play or have played for the Montreal Canadiens team .
It is made by Antix Productions , and is led by Yvette Fielding and her husband Karl Beattie .
Most Haunted is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity .
The show has also featured guest mediums .
Fielding denied the claims .
So far these have been Ian Lawman , Ian Shillito , Gordon Smith , Uri Geller and Kevin Wade .
So far celebrities have included Vic Reeves , Nancy Sorrell , Gaby Roslin , Scott Mills , Mark Chapman , Simon Gregson , Sue Cleaver , Carol Thatcher , Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan .
Even though O ' Keeffe exposed Acorah , the paper also claimed that O ' Keeffe had exposed the rest of the Most Haunted team .
Some episodes have also included at least one celebrity .
During the investigation , which was later broadcast , he presented the information as fact and even behaved as though being possessed by the fictional ghost .
Most of these on-screen crew members also take part in sÃ ances .
One such case that exposed Acorah was at Bodmin Gaol , Cornwall .
Most Haunted has a main presenter , a psychic medium and a parapsychologist .
Many times , former `` psychic medium '' Derek Acorah was possessed by a spirit , sometimes evil or sometimes `` lost and confused '' .
These are supported by some of the production crew , who appear in the show and generally have some involvement with many parts of the investigation as they are performing their normal crew role .
Acorah glossed over his mistake and changed the subject .
Before the filming , Acorah had been fed misinformation about a non-existent ghost of Kreed Kafer by the show parapsychologist Dr. Ciaran O ' Keeffe .
On the final night , at Berry Pomeroy , Fielding reminded Acorah that he had mentioned the incarcerated sister two nights prior .
On the first night filming `` Terror in Torbay '' , Acorah mentioned a woman incarcerated by her jealous sister in the cellar of Lupton House , even coming up with the names Margaret and Eleanor .
O'Keeffe later reported that he had been grossly misquoted and misrepresented in the article , and produced a response outlining his version of the show based on his observations and findings , saying he had exposed Derek Acorah and NOT Most Haunted .
O'Keeffe later revealed Kreed Kafer is an anagram of ` Derek Faker ' in a national newspaper .
Although not mentioned by O'Keeffe , the Mirror article also brought into question unedited footage which appeared to show Fielding and Karl Beattie faking ` paranormal ' occurrences such as ghostly bumps and knocks .
It is shown on the satellite and cable channels Living , Living2 and Virgin 1 -LRB- Formerly Ftn -RRB- , mainly for the UK market .
The show 's presenter and executive producer , Yvette Fielding said in an interview that she believes it was a fake possession .
This is the well-known legend of Berry Pomeroy Castle which was to be the last night 's location .
The team travel around the UK , and also Ireland , the Netherlands and the United States , investigating possible paranormal ` hotspots ' for 24 hours .
Further controversy centred on Derek Acorah again in the West Country , this time in Devon .
In this case , the facts were right , but the location was wrong .
Hechtel-Eksel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
Dickinson 's Real Deal is a television show hosted by David Dickinson .
The Lord of the Rings has been adapted , or made into a movie , musical , or radio play , and has been made into an animated and three live-action films . Most known is probably the The Lord of the Rings film trilogy -LRB- 2001-2003 -RRB- directed by Peter Jackson .
Gandalf tells King ThÃ oden that they have to go to war against Saruman .
In the Third Age , the Ring was found by the Stoor hobbit DÃ agol , who was killed by his friend SmÃ agol over the Ring . SmÃ agol went to live under the Misty Mountains , where he kept the Ring for five hundred years , and he became known by the name Gollum .
Saruman sends his army of ten thousand Uruk-hai , Orcs , and Dunland men to Helm 's Deep . The next morning Gandalf arrives with another Rohirrim army .
In Fangorn , Aragon , Legolas and Gimli meet Gandalf .
Legolas and Gimli arrive .
Sam frees Frodo and gives him back the One Ring . The two hobbits disguise themselves as orcs , escape from the Tower and continue their journey through Mordor .
The Council decides that the One Ring has to be destroyed , which will also truly kill Sauron forever . But the One Ring can only be destroyed if it is thrown into the volcano Mount Doom in Sauron 's land Mordor , where the One Ring was made .
The Lord of the Rings began as a sequel to Tolkien 's earlier fantasy book , The Hobbit , but quickly became a much larger story .
Pippin steals the palantÃ r and looks in , and because of this is discovered by Sauron .
Boromir tells him that they were attacked by Orcs , who took Merry and Pippin with them .
Sam frees Frodo and gives him back the One Ring .
Gollum bites off Frodo 's finger with the Ring .
The One Ring was lost when Isildur was attacked by Orcs . Isildur tried to escape , but he was killed when he lost the Ring .
These nine people are the Fellowship of the Ring : the four hobbits Frodo , Sam , Merry , and Pippin , the elf Legolas , the dwarf Gimli , the two men Aragorn and Boromir , and Gandalf the Grey .
Gandalf and Pippin arrive in Minas Tirith , the capital of Gondor .
Sam believes Frodo is dead , and takes the Ring to continue the quest and destroy it .
Elrond tells them of Sauron and the One Ring .
Gollum has to promise to show them the way into Mordor .
They find out that Frodo and Sam left them to go to Mordor , and that the Orcs that attacked them were Saruman 's Orcs , who have taken Merry and Pippin . They decide to follow the Orcs westwards to save Merry and Pippin .
Frodo 's body is found and taken away by a group of Orcs . Sam follows them .
Gandalf , his friends , and a small group of Rohirrim then go to Isengard , Saruman 's home .
Gollum leads the hobbits into Cirith Ungol in the Mountains of Shadow , but leaves the hobbits there alone . They are hunted by Shelob , a giant spider living in these tunnels .
The hobbits continue their journey to Rivendell with Aragorn .
Sam follows Frodo into Mount Doom .
Sam thinks about the situation , and realizes that Frodo wants to go to Mordor alone .
Tolkien wrote the story between 1937 and 1949 . It was originally published in three parts in the years 1954 and 1955 .
He was chosen with the sixth pick in the 2007 NBA Entry Draft by the Milwaukee Brewers .
Yi Jianlian -LRB- born October 27 , 1987 in Heshan , Guangdong -RRB- is an Chinese basketball player that currently plays for the Washington Wizards of the NBA .
The name `` Camry '' comes from the Japanese word kanmuri -LRB- å , ã ã `` ã ã -RRB- , which means `` crown '' .
The Toyota Camry is a medium-sized car made by Toyota since 1980 . The name `` Camry '' comes from the Japanese word kanmuri -LRB- å , ã ã `` ã ã -RRB- , which means `` crown '' .
The 1960s was the decade that started on January 1 , 1960 and ended on December 31 , 1969 .
Castets-en-Dorthe is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Tahlequah -LRB- Pronounced `` Tal a Kwa '' -RRB- is the county seat of Cherokee County , Oklahoma , United States located at the foot hills of the Ozark Mountains .
ConstanÅ # a is the largest Romanian seaport on the Black Sea and the largest city in Dobruja . It is also the capital of ConstanÅ # a County and one of the biggest cities in Romania .
Shun Morishita -LRB- born 11 May 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Kyoto Sanga .
Herbert Howells CBE , CH , -LRB- born Lydney , Gloucestershire , 17 October 1892 was born to Oliver and Elizabeth Howells . He died London , 23 February 1983 -RRB- and was an English composer , organist , and teacher .
Since Minamoto no Yoritomo started the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the Shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the Emperors of Japan by the Chinese government .
Imperial Court in Kyoto was the government of Japan from 794 AD until the Meiji Era , in which the court was moved to Tokyo .
The diameter is twice the radius .
Professor Sir Maurice Vincent Wilkes -LRB- 26 June 1913 , Dudley , Worcestershire â '' 29 November 2010 -RRB- was a British computer scientist , called the `` father of Brish computing '' .
Michael Wayne Atha -LRB- born December 30 , 1979 -RRB- , known by his stage name Yelawolf , is an American rapper .
It was found from the images taken by Voyager 2 on January 20 , 1986 , and was given the designation S\/1986 U 7 .
Cordelia it the closest moon to Uranus .
Other than its orbit , radius of 21 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 , almost nothing is known about it .
It is also designated Uranus VI .
At the Voyager 2 images Cordelia appears as a stretched object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .
Cordelia takes its name from the youngest daughter of Lear in William Shakespeare 's King Lear .
It was not seen again until the Hubble Space Telescope observed it in 1997 .
Merlimont is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Virton is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
The Malay language is one of the major languages of the world .
She was married to Agamemnon , King of Mycenae .
Demopolis is the largest city in Marengo County , Alabama , United States .
At the 2000 census the population was 7,540 .
It is used to see the effects of relations between concentration , pressure , and temperature . If a change of condition is added onto a system at equilibrium , the equilibrium position will shift in the direction that wants to reduce that change .
Pointe du Hoc was surrounded by steep cliffs that dropped down into the sea .
His chamber music includes string quartets , quintets and sextets and piano trios , quartets and a piano quintet .
Joachim told Brahms to go and see Schumann and his wife Clara in DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf .
Freeport is a city of Illinois in the United States .
It was made in 1990 , and was mostly inspired by bands like `` Psycho Killer '' and Talking Heads .
`` Cop Killer '' is a very controversial song by the music group Body Count . It is off their 1992 self entitled album .
The lyrics are sung in the first person of a single who is mad because of the police brutality and thinks to take the law into his own hands by killing violent , mad police officers .
The song , which lyricist Ice T said it to be as a `` protest record . '' It was made in 1990 , and was mostly inspired by bands like `` Psycho Killer '' and Talking Heads .
There are around 40,000 speakers of Upper Sorbian living in Saxony . Upper Sorbian is a minority language in Germany according to the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
There are around 40,000 speakers of Upper Sorbian living in Saxony .
Upper Sorbian -LRB- Upper Sorbian : -RRB- is a West Slavic language spoken by the Sorb people in Germany .
Upper Sorbian is a minority language in Germany according to the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages .
In 1920 Wilmersdorf became a borough of Greater Berlin GroÃ Berlin . In 2001 it became a part of the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf .
The former borough of Wilmersdorf included the localities Halensee , Schmargendorf and Grunewald .
Vichy is a commune in the department of Allier in central France .
Lyas is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
In philately , a block is a group of postage stamps attached to each other .
The Election Riot of 1874 occurred near Comer .
Its borders were altered in 1866 and 1868 .
Barbour County , Alabama is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama .
Barbour County was created on December 18 , 1832 from former Creek Indian territory and a portion of Pike County .
As of 2000 the population is 29,038 .
Its name is in honor of James Barbour , who served as Governor of Virginia .
Its county seat is Clayton .
Much of the council and local civil service is located at Manchester Town Hall and the Town Hall Extension , in the city 's commercial center .
Crest : On a multicoloured wreath stands a terrestrial globe , signifying Manchester 's world trade , and covered by a swarm of flying bees .
The lion also wears the Lancashire Rose .
On the dexter side a heraldic antelope argent , attired , and chain reflexed over the back Or , and on the sinister side a lion guardant Or , murally crowned Gules ; each charged on the shoulder with a rose of the last .
Motto : Concilio et Labore '' '' .
Currently the council is controlled by the Labor Party . It is led by Sir Richard Leese .
It is made up of 96 councillors . There are three for each of the 32 wards .
It gained city status in 1853 . It was only the second such grant since the Reformation .
The Shield : red -LRB- Gules -RRB- with three gold -LRB- Or -RRB- bands drawn diagonally across to the right hand side .
On a wreath of colors , a terrestrial globe semÃ e of bees volant , all proper .
A new Town Hall was opened in 1877 -LRB- by Alderman Abel Heywood -RRB- and the Mayor of Manchester was granted the title of Lord Mayor in 1893 .
On the right a golden lion stands guardant -LRB- facing us -RRB- , crowned with a red -LRB- Gules -RRB- castle -LRB- a reference to the Roman fort at Castlefield from which the city originated -RRB- .
This is a reference to the city 's trading base .
A third of the seats elected , three years in every four . In the 2004 elections , due to a lot of boundary changes -LRB- which involved the total number of councillors reduced -RRB- all seats were contested .
The white -LRB- Argent -RRB- top segment -LRB- the Chief -RRB- , shows a ship at sea in full sail .
The bee was adopted in the 19th century as a symbol of industryâ '' Manchester being the birthplace of the Industrial Revolution .
Manchester was incorporated in 1838 under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 as the Corporation of Manchester or Manchester Corporation .
Manchester City Council is the local government for Manchester . Manchester is a city and metropolitan borough in Greater Manchester , England .
`` Gules , three bendlets enhanced Or ; a chief argent , thereon on waves of the sea a ship under sail proper .
Supporters : On the left a heraldic antelope with a chain attached to a gold -LRB- Or -RRB- collar , representing engineering industries , and hanging at the shoulder , the red rose of Lancashire , in which county Manchester once was .
Motto : `` Concilio et Labore '' -- loosely translated `` By wisdom and effort '' -LRB- or ` By counsel and hard work ' -RRB- .
The area included in the city has been increased many times . In 1885 -LRB- Bradford , Harpurhey and Rusholme -RRB- , 1890 -LRB- Blackley , Crumpsall , part of Droylsden , Kirkmanshulme , Moston , Newton Heath , Openshaw , and West Gorton -RRB- , 1903 -LRB- Heaton -RRB- , 1904 -LRB- Burnage , Chorlton cum Hardy , Didsbury , and Moss Side -RRB- , 1909 -LRB- Gorton , and Levenshulme -RRB- , 1931 -LRB- Wythenshawe : Baguley , Northenden , and Northen Etchells -RRB- , and Ringway .
After the fall of the Soviet Union , he has been able to make two more short films , Life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and The End -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
Peleshyan 's work has not been recognized by world cinema until very recently .
Peleshyan is also the author of many books , such as his 1988 book Moyo kino -LRB- My Cinema -RRB- .
David Nizaam `` Brownsound '' Baksh -LRB- born 26 July , 1980 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada -RRB- is a Canadian guitarist , singer and producer of Guyanese descent , best known as the former guitarist of successful pop punk band Sum 41 , but has since became a singer\/guitarist in his own heavy metal\/reggae project Brown Brigade .
It was later retitled The Lion King 2 : Simba 's Pride when it was re-released as a special edition DVD on August 31 , 2004 .
Although not promoted as a soundtrack to the film , it contained all the songs from the movie and some additional songs inspired by it by Lebo M. The complete track list of the CD :
Disney sold 3.5 million copies in three days .
In 1998 , Disney believed that Simba 's Pride would be so popular that it shipped 15 million copies to stores for the October 27 release date .
The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride is an American direct-to-video movie released by Walt Disney Pictures on October 27 , 1998 and the sequel to The Lion King .
This tests not only Kiara and Kovu 's relationship as they mature , but Simba 's relationship with his daughter .
What she and her parents do not know is that Kovu is the son of Zira - a banished follower of the now-dead Scar . She plans to raise Kovu to overthrow Simba and become the king of the Pride Lands .
An audio CD entitled Return to Pride Rock : Songs Inspired by Disney 's The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride was released in 1999 .
However the CD contained everything from the Return to Pride Rock CD except the `` inspired songs '' .
Thirteen million copies were sold while it was still in print in the late 90s .
She plans to raise Kovu to overthrow Simba and become the king of the Pride Lands . This tests not only Kiara and Kovu 's relationship as they mature , but Simba 's relationship with his daughter .
On August 31 , 2004 , Disney released an `` enhanced soundtrack '' to coincide with the film 's 2-Disc Special Edition DVD .
Watford is a station at the end of the Watford branch of London Underground 's Metropolitan Line in the north-western part of the network in Zone 7 , previously zone A.
Ross offers undergraduate , graduate , and doctoral degrees , as well as an executive education program .
Ross also offers dual degrees with the colleges and schools of urban planning , engineering , medicine , law , education , nursing , information , music , and School of Natural Resources and Environment -LRB- SNRE -RRB- .
It was constructed entirely of local stone , including Purbeck Marble .
The medieval wooden screen opposite the chapel was smashed into many pieces by the blast , but it has been reconstructed and restored .
In 1107 , William Warelwast , a nephew of William the Conqueror , was appointed to the see , and this was the catalyst for the building of a new cathedral in the Norman style .
The upper dial , added in 1760 , shows the minutes .
Subsequent repairs and the clearance of the area around the western end of the building uncovered portions of earlier structures , including remains of the Roman city and of the original Norman cathedral .
The cathedral sustained a direct hit by a large high-explosive bomb on the chapel of St James , completely demolishing it .
The door below the clock has a round hole near its base .
The main , lower , dial is the oldest part of the clock , dating from 1484 .
The original clockwork mechanism was much modified , repaired , and neglected until it was replaced in the early 20th century .
Its official foundation was in 1133 , after Warelwast 's time , but it took many more years to complete .
On 4 May 1942 , an early morning air raid took place over Exeter .
The new cathedral was complete by about 1400 , apart from the addition of the chapter house and chantry chapels .
The Latin phrase Pereunt et Imputantur , a favorite motto for clocks and sundials was written by the Latin poet Martial .
It is usually translated as `` they perish and are reckoned to our account '' , referring to the hours that we spend , wisely or not .
In 1258 the building was already outmoded , and it was rebuilt in the Decorated English Gothic architecture style , following the example of nearby Salisbury Cathedral .
This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop 's cat to deter vermin . The vermin were attracted to the animal fat used to lubricate the clock mechanism .
Fortunately many of the cathedral 's most important artifacts , such as the glass of the great east window , the misericords , the Exeter Book , the bishop 's throne and the Bronescombe Effigy , had been removed at the start of the war in anticipation of such an attack .
However , much of the Norman building was kept , including the two massive square towers and part of the walls .
Exeter Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in the city of Exeter , Devon , in the southwest of England . It is the seat of the Bishop of Exeter .
The fleur-de-lys ` hand ' indicates the time -LRB- and the position of the sun in the sky -RRB- on a 24-hour analog dial .
The clock is one of a group of famous 14th to 16th century astronomical clocks to be found in the West of England .
The numbering consists of two sets of I-XII Roman numerals .
The silver ball and inner dial shows both the age of the moon and its phase -LRB- using a rotating black shield to indicate the moon 's phase -RRB- .
The muniment room above , three bays of the aisle and two flying buttresses were also destroyed in the blast .
Turks and Caicos Islands national football team is the national football team of Turks and Caicos Islands .
Coquainvilliers is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Durant is a city of Oklahoma in the United States . It is the county seat of Bryan County
Tayac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
A barrel organ plays music by using turning a barrel , with notes decided by an arrangement of pins .
Stationary barrel organs , built into large houses or churches , were larger pipe organs , and could play longer , and more serious music .
Even a small hand carried organ could play six or eight tunes . Stationary barrel organs , built into large houses or churches , were larger pipe organs , and could play longer , and more serious music .
A barrel organ plays music by using turning a barrel , with notes decided by an arrangement of pins . It is very similar to a simple music box where the pins pluck a metal harp .
Elf was an American rock band that was active between 1967 and 1975 .
The band was previously called the Electric Elves .
They released their first album , Elf , in 1972 . The album was co-produced by Ian Paice and Roger Glover , who would later work with Elf 's lead singer Ronnie James Dio in the band Rainbow .
Yoshinari Takagi -LRB- born 20 May 1979 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight .
About 480 people were living in Belle Haven as of the year -LRB- -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack County of Virginia , United States .
Koffi Ndri Romaric -LRB- born 4 June 1983 -RRB- is a CÃ te d'Ivoire football player . He plays for Sevilla and CÃ te d'Ivoire national team .
Beverly Hills is bordered on the north by Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains , on the east by West Hollywood , the Carthay neighborhood of Los Angeles , and the Fairfax District of Los Angeles , and on the south by the Beverlywood .
Beverly Hills is a city in the western part of Los Angeles County , California , United States .
Beverly Hills is near Los Angeles .
Michael Shayne `` The Franchise '' Graham -LRB- born December 9 , 1977 in Radford , Virginia -RRB- is an American Football placekicker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
Graham played college football at Virginia Tech University .
Marc Crosas -LRB- born 9 January 1988 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
Eric Bogosian -LRB- born April 24 , 1953 -RRB- is an American actor , playwright , monologist , and novelist .
Hisao Kami -LRB- born 28 June 1941 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
It was made between 1989 and 1999 after the company stopped the production of Peugeot 505 . After this , the company made a smaller car named Peugeot 405 , and a bigger car named Peugeot 605 .
After this , the company made a smaller car named Peugeot 405 , and a bigger car named Peugeot 605 .
It is located in the far north of the territory , one of the two similarly sized islands that makeup the majority of St. George 's Parish .
St. David 's Island is one of the main islands of Bermuda .
The Great Salt Lake is a massive saline lake in the United States . It is in the state of Utah .
The lakeshore borders Davis , Tooele , Box Elder , Salt Lake , and Weber counties , all in the state of Utah .
It is one of three genera commonly referred to as Sage .
Sage generally means common sage -LRB- Salvia officinalis -RRB- .
The ornamental species are commonly referred to by their scientific name Salvia .
Salvia is a genus in the mint family , Lamiaceae .
Saint-Genest-de-Beauzon is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Alfred William Deakin -LRB- 3 August 1856 â `` 7 October 1919 -RRB- was the second Prime Minister of Australia .
This airport has a capacity to handle from 15-17 million passengers per year in two terminals .
David Kaufman is an American actor and voice actor , best known as the voice of Danny Phantom on the series of the same name .
Sains-l Ã s-Fressin is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Shara Nelson is a musician and a singer . She is known for singing in the Massive Attack song `` Unfinished Sympathy '' .
Buggenhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Hamars is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
CoÅ na is a commune found in Suceava County , Romania .
Modular Audio Recognition Framework -LRB- MARF -RRB- is a computer program that tries to understand voice , sound , speech , text and human language in general . In MARF , scientists and programmers write algorithms using Java .
There is also a lot of documentation of the project . MARF and its programs are published under a BSD-style license .
MARF itself can be piece in other computer programs or used for learning , education , and making MARF itself better .
The company had a seven-year agreement to operate passenger train services from Wrexham via Shropshire to London on an open-access basis .
The service finished on 28 January 2011 .
Wrexham & Shropshire began services on 28 April 2008 .
Wrexham & Shropshire -LRB- WSMR -RRB- was the operating name of the Wrexham , Shropshire and Marylebone Railway Company , a former train operating company in the United Kingdom .
A Computing platform is a well defined set of hardware or software that allows application programs to run .
Alsatian -LRB- French : Alsacien , German : ElsÃ ssisch -RRB- is a German language spoken in Alsace -LRB- eastern part of France -RRB- .
JosÃ RÃ bson do Nascimento -LRB- born 10 May 1969 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Its members are professional astronomers from all over the world , and they all work on research and education in astronomy .
The IAU has good relationships with groups that include amateur astronomers .
Begg is the first permanent wheelchair user in the House of Commons .
Dame Anne Begg , DBE -LRB- born December 6 , 1955 -RRB- is a Scottish politician and the Member of Parliament for the Aberdeen South constituency in the United Kingdom . She was elected in the 1997 general election .
The 2007-08 Calgary Flames season is the team 's 27th season in the National Hockey League since the franchise relocated to Calgary .
He traveled for nearly thirty years and covered most of the Islamic world . He also explored West Africa , Southern and Eastern Europe , South Asia , Central Asia , Southeast Asia and China .
Ibn Battuta -LRB- 1304 â `` 1368 or 1369 -RRB- was a Moroccan explorer .
Pontedera is the headquarters of the Piaggio company , from the 1930s one of most important Italian manufacturers motor vehicles such as the Vespa and the Ape .
The Town has a small lake in Pietroconti called Braccini lake .
Pontedera is a small Italian industrial town in Tuscany , Italy , in the province of Pisa .
Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River .
This category contains historical aircraft . They are notable for achievements , records or have other historical significance .
Saint-D Ã sir is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Sound waves , waves in a Slinky and pressure waves are all examples of this phenomenon .
Shearer was a child actor . He acted on the Jack Benny radio program .
Tales from Earthsea , by Ursula K. Le Guin , written in 2001 , is a collection of short stories from Le Guin 's Earthsea series .
In recent years , however , this series appears to have been discontinued .
The British Rail Class 933 was reserved for former Southern Region electrical multiple units converted for departmental use .
Originally the series was reserved for Mobile Instruction units .
Portland State University is a public university in Portland , Oregon .
Isambard Kingdom Brunel -LRB- 9 April 1806 -- 15 September 1859 -RRB- was an English engineer . He created the Great Western Railway , many steamships and several bridges and tunnels .
Monocytes are produced by the bone marrow from stem cell precursors called monoblasts .
They are cells that possess a large smooth nucleus , a large area of cytoplasm and many internal vesicles for processing foreign material .
These are phagocytosis , antigen presentation and cytokine production .
Monocytes circulate in the bloodstream for about one to three days and then typically move into tissues throughout the body .
Macrophages are responsible for protecting tissues from foreign substances .
They are usually identified in stained smears by their large two-lobed nucleus .
Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to the tissues will then differentiate into macrophages or dendritic cells , which then stay in the tissue .
Monocytes and their macrophage and dendritic cell progeny serve three main functions in the immune system .
They make up three to eight percent of the leukocytes in the blood .
Monocytes are a type of white blood cell , part of the human body 's immune system .
George Walton Lucas , Jr. -LRB- born May 14 , 1944 in Modesto , California -RRB- is an American film director , producer , and screenwriter most famous for his Star Wars and Indiana Jones movie series .
Calcio Catania is a football club which plays in Italy .
Icelandic is the language spoken by the people of Iceland .
Icelandic uses four characters that are not used in English : Ã 3\/4 -LRB- thorn -RRB- , -LRB- like ` th ' in thin -RRB- , Ã -LRB- edh -RRB- , -LRB- like ` th ' in this -RRB- , Ã -LRB- pronounced like I -RRB- and Ã -LRB- pronounced like the french U -RRB- . It can also be said that Ã is a `` softer '' version of Ã 3\/4 .
He wrote a work for viola and orchestra called Harold en Italie .
The 4Runner was a compact SUV until 1996 .
As of 2000 , the population is 11,792 .
Haskell County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Stigler .
A definition of Street children is children who work or live on the streets .
JPG thumb -LRB- 452x687 -RRB- px right Nikki Blonsky -RRB- -RRB- Nicole Margaret Blonsky , aka Nikki Blonsky , is an American actress .
She acted as Tracy Turnblad in the 2007 adaptation of Hairspray .
Walter Frederick `` Fritz '' Mondale -LRB- born January 5 , 1928 -RRB- is an American politician who was the forty-second Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1977 â `` 1981 -RRB- under President Jimmy Carter , a two-term United States Senator from Minnesota , and the Democratic Party nominee for president in 1984 , which he lost .
Mondale was the first Vice President to have an office , and made the role of Vice President more important than it once was .
McGregor is a city of Iowa in the United States .
Alter Bridge 's vocalist , Myles Kennedy is also known for his work with Slash . He is currently touring with Slash as the lead singer of his band .
The company was bought by New York City in June 1940 .
The Interborough Rapid Transit Company -LRB- IRT -RRB- was the first operator of the original underground New York City Subway line that opened in 1904 , as well as other earlier railways and rapid transit lines in New York City .
The former IRT lines -LRB- the numbered lines in the current subway system -RRB- are now the A Division or IRT Division of the Subway .
Step pyramids are a form of pyramid .
CessiÃ res is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Some hedges are very old .
In terms of botany it means the main structural member of a tree that is directly connected to the roots and which supports the branches . The trunk is also often called the bole .
The trunk , or bole , is the most important part of the tree for timber production .
The trunk is covered by the bark , which protects the tree against damage and often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top , depending on the species .
La Bastidonne is a commune of 677 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Aldeburgh is a coastal town in the English county of Suffolk .
One of the main attractions is Moot Hall . Other attractions include a Napoleonic Era defensive fort -LRB- known as a Martello tower -RRB- , a sheltered yachting marina , and two Fish and chips shops
Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller -LRB- November 10 , 1759 in Marbach , WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg â `` May 9 , 1805 in Weimar -RRB- , usually known as Friedrich Schiller , was a German poet , philosopher , historian , and dramatist .
For example , U.S. Route 201 is a spur of U.S. Route 1 .
For east\/west U.S. Highways , the small numbers are in the north and the big numbers are in the south . For north\/south U.S. Highways , the small numbers are in the east and the big numbers are in the west .
U.S. Route 2 is considered a major U.S. Highway even though it does not end in `` 0 '' . U.S. Route 163 , U.S. Route 400 , U.S. Route 412 , and U.S. Route 425 have 3-digit numbers that do not act as a spur of a 1 or 2 digit route .
U.S. Route 163 , U.S. Route 400 , U.S. Route 412 , and U.S. Route 425 have 3-digit numbers that do not act as a spur of a 1 or 2 digit route .
The important east\/west U.S. Highways usually have numbers ending in `` 0 '' and the important north\/south Interstates have numbers ending in `` 1 '' . Many of the routes ending in `` 0 '' or `` 1 '' used to go across the country , but no longer do because of the Interstate Highway System .
The Oklahoma House of Representatives is the lower house and larger body of the two houses of the Oklahoma Legislature , the other being the Oklahoma Senate .
Guerrero is a one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua , in northern Mexico .
The municipal seat lies at Vicente Guerrero -LRB- aka Ciudad Guerrero -RRB- .
The municipality covers an area of 5,603.6 kmÂ .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
He died on June 5 , 1993 at Cox House Hospital in Springfield , Missouri due to abdominal aortic aneurysm .
Twitty held the record for the most number one singles of any act with 55 No. 1 Billboard country hits until 2006 when George Strait broke his record .
Twitty is a former member of the Grand Ole Opry and was inducted into the Country Music and the Rockabilly Halls of Fame .
Conway Twitty -LRB- born Harold Lloyd Jenkins ; September 1 , 1933 â `` June 5 , 1993 -RRB- was a American country music singer .
Balm bei GÃ 1\/4 nsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Oldham Athletic Football Club is a football that plays in Football League One . The club plays its games at Boundary Park in Oldham , England .
Johnny Marr -LRB- born John Martin Maher on 31 October 1963 in Ardwick , Manchester -RRB- is an English guitarist , keyboardist , harmonica player , and singer .
Marr rose to fame in the 1980s as the guitarist in The Smiths , where he formed an influential songwriting partnership with Morrissey .
The Volkswagen Eos is a automobile produced by Volkswagen since 2006 . It replaced the in 2001 discontinued Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet .
Opio , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
OrignÃ is a commune of 278 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
Cremated remains can be kept in a container called an urn , thrown into the air or water of a place that was special to the cremated person , or buried in the ground .
Doppler radar uses the Doppler effect to measure the radial velocity of targets in the antenna 's directional beam .
Doppler radars may be Coherent Pulsed , Continuous Wave , or Frequency Modulated .
Such individual was usually a profound intellectual distinguished for wisdom and sound judgment .
Kronborg is near the town of HelsingÃ r on the extreme north-east part of Zealand . It is at the narrowest point of the Ã resund , the sound between Denmark and Sweden .
The castle has for centuries been one of the most important Renaissance castles in Northern Europe . It was added to UNESCO 's World Heritage Sites list on November 30 , 2000 .
In this part , the sound is only 4 km wide . This is why it is so important to keep a fortress at this place commanding one of the few outlets of the Baltic Sea .
jpg thumb -LRB- 320x599 -RRB- px right Kathy Griffin , 2008 -RRB- -RRB- Kathleen Mary Griffin , also known as Kathy Griffin , is an American celebrity , actress and stand-up comedian .
She is also an LGBT rights advocate . Griffin was born November 4 , 1960 .
Verviers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Louise de Coligny -LRB- ChÃ cents tillon-sur-Loing , 23 September 1555 - Fontainebleau , 13 November 1620 -RRB- was the fourth wife of Prince William the Silent . She was the daughter of an important French protestant leader , Gaspard de Coligny .
Argis is a commune .
Anglican priest John Wesley changed the Thirty-Nine Articles for use by American Methodists in the 18th century .
These new Articles of Religion are still the official United Methodist Church doctrine .
HotJava is a web browser from Sun Microsystems that can execute Java applets .
Conrad `` Cronos '' Lant -LRB- born 15 January 1963 -RRB- is the vocalist and bass player in black metal band Venom .
jpg , which is 7370 Ã -- 1010 pixels , as 1678 Ã -- 230 , in a horizontally scrolling box , using the caption and alt text provided .
This displays : File : Ushuaia panorama from seaside big .
The main function of , as opposed to , is that the template allows you to specify a desired height of the panorama .
Wojciech Witold Jaruzelski -LRB- born July 6 , 1923 in KurÃ w -RRB- is a Polish politician and the President of Poland from July 1989 to December 1990 .
Miroslav Mentel -LRB- born 2 December 1962 -RRB- is a former Slovak football player .
Nama Pass -LRB- el .
5500 m. -RRB- is a Himalayan mountain pass that is found in the eastern part of the Kumaun region in the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand , India .
Remigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
You have new messages at 's talk page .
Television pilot , usually called just a pilot , is a test episode made to sell a television series .
There are also many series whose pilot episodes are titled `` Pilot '' .
Carl Friedrich Gauss -LRB- pronunciation : -RRB- -LRB- 30 April 30 1777 â `` 23 February 1855 -RRB- was a famous mathematician from GÃ ttingen , Germany . Gauss contributed to many areas of learning .
Gauss did it quickly , like this : 1 + 100 = 101 , 2 + 99 = 101 , 3 + 98 = 101 , and so on . There were a total of 50 pairs , so 50 Ã -- 101 = 5,050 .
The Duke of Brunswick gave Gauss a fellowship to the Collegium Carolinum , where he attended from 1792 to 1795 .
Freckles are clusters of concentrated melanin that are most often visible with a fair skin complexion .
That was the so-called `` Gracie 's Challenge '' . Later , HÃ lio Gracie and the Gracie family continued this .
Saint-Denis-de-M Ã rÃ is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Nordiques played in the World Hockey Association -LRB- 1972 â `` 1979 -RRB- and the National Hockey League -LRB- 1979 â `` 1995 -RRB- .
The Quebec Nordiques -LRB- , pronounced in Quebec French , in Canadian English , meaning `` Northmen '' or `` Northerners '' -RRB- were a professional ice hockey team from Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
The team moved to Denver , Colorado in 1995 and changed their name to the Colorado Avalanche .
Hautes-Alpes is a department in France .
The Raccoon Dog -LRB- Nyctereutes procyonoides -RRB- is a member of the canid family and is from east Asia .
The British Transport Commission -LRB- BTC -RRB- was created by Clement Attlee 's post-war Labor government . It was a part of its nationalisation program .
Its objective was to provide an efficient , adequate , economical and properly integrated system of public inland transport and port facilities within Great Britain for passengers and goods , excluding transport by air .
Teddy Bears are found all over the world .
During her long career , she has reached four Grand Slam quarterfinals , and one Grand Slam semifinal .
She has won 10 WTA singles titles and 4 WTA doubles titles and has made over $ 6,906,000 in prize money .
Polydor Records is a record label currently based in the UK , and is a subsidiary of Universal Music Group .
Though Polydor 's American branch is gone , in the United Kingdom , however , Polydor continues to sign chart-topping acts and remains one of the strongest imprints in the country â '' with artists such as Klaxons , Sophie Ellis-Bextor , Take That and Kaiser Chiefs .
Both Girls Aloud and Sophie Ellis-Bextor transferred to the new label .
In Spring 2006 , Polydor launched Fascination Records , a music label dedicated to pop music .
He won the 1929 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with Sir Frederick Hopkins , for the discovery of vitamins
Christiaan Eijkman -LRB- August 11 , 1858 - November 5 , 1930 -RRB- was a Dutch doctor .
Vampyromorphida is an order of cephalopods . There are one extant species -LRB- Vampyroteuthis infernalis -RRB- and several extinct taxa in it .
The muscles are revealed through a process known as the `` cutting phase '' - a combination of fat loss , oils , and tanning which , combined with the lighting , make the definition of the muscle group more distinct .
Bodybuilding is a form of human body modification involving intensive muscle hypertrophy .
An individual who engages in this activity is referred to as a bodybuilder .
For example , 1936 was the year of the Yang Fire Rat . 60 years later , 1996 was the next year of the Yang Fire Rat .
This means that anyone born from January 1 to January 25 , 1990 was actually born in the year of the snake not the year of the horse .
The year 1990 was the year of the horse .
The dates for the Spring Festival from 1996 to 2019 -LRB- in the Gregorian calendar -RRB- are at the right . The list also includes the year 's animal zodiac and its earthly branch .
Because the Chinese New Year starts in late January or early February , the Chinese year begins several weeks after the it begins in the Gregorian calendar . If a person is born in early January , their Chinese birth-year is the last Gregorian year , not the current one .
The names of the earthly branches have no English translations . They are not Chinese translations of the animals .
The elements are changed every two years and a yin and yang association changes every year .
The calendar has a 12-year cycle of the animal zodiac and a 10-year cycle of heavenly stems .
For example , 1989 was the year of the snake .
Some people had problems with the difference between the Chinese birth-year and the Gregorian birth-year .
Each of the ten heavenly stems is associated with one of the five elements of Chinese astrology . These elements are Wood , Fire , Earth , Metal , and Water .
The elements are named : Yang Wood , Yin Wood , Yang Fire , Yin Fire , and so on .
These two cycles create a combined cycle that repeats every 60 years .
It began on 26 January 1990 .
Stanton is located at .
Stanton is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The main sights of Ennetmoos are the chapels of Saint Jakob , Saint Leonhard -LRB- in Rohren -RRB- , and Saint Magnus -LRB- in Allweg -RRB- , a monument -LRB- Ã berfalldenkmal -RRB- in Allweg , ruins at Rotzberg , the Stanserhorn mountain and resort , and the pilgrimage route St. Jakobsweg .
Ennetmoos is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
It is divided into two dialects : Karachay which pronounces two phonemes as \/ tÊ \/ and \/ Ê ' \/ , and Balkar , which pronounces the corresponding phonemes as \/ ts \/ and \/ z \/ .
The Daewoo Leganza is a automobile produced by GM Daewoo .
The Daewoo Leganza is a automobile produced by GM Daewoo . It replaced the Daewoo Espero in 1997 , and were replaced by the Daewoo Evanda in 2003 .
Lisa Marie Simpson is a character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
The Lachlan river is in the area where the aboriginal people called the Wiradjuri lived .
The Lachlan does not gets its water from melting snow like the Murrumbidgee River or the Murray River .
Water from this big -LRB- 500 kmÂ -RRB- swamp finally goes into the Murrumbidgee River . Water from the Lachlan is used for farming .
During the flood in August 1990 , 132 houses in Forbes were flooded . The water covered their floors .
The Lachlan River flows west and then south , finishes in the Great Cumbung swamp . This swamp is near Oxley between Hay and Balranald .
More than 900 families had to move away . Many were saved from roof-tops by boat and helicopter .
In 1944 the flow was less than 1,000 megalitres -LRB- 810 acre-feet -RRB- . Six years later -LRB- 1950 -RRB- there was a flow of 10,900,000 megalitres -LRB- 8.8 million acre feet -RRB- .
In 1870 the river flooded . The top of the flood water was measured at 15.9 metres at Cowra .
More than 100,000 people live in the Lachlan area .
Since 1887 , the highest flood level at Forbes was in June 1952 . The river got to 10.8 m -LRB- 35 feet 3 inches -RRB- at the Forbes Iron Bridge .
24 local governments look after the Lachlan area .
The Lachlan has flooded every 7 years since 1887 at Forbes .
The European who found the Lachlan River in 1815 was Acting-Surveyor George William Evans . He named the river after Lachlan Macquarie , the Governor of New South Wales .
In the early days of New South Wales , the south part of the Lachlan was known as Fish River .
With more exploration it was realized that two rivers were the same river and the name Fish River was dropped .
The Wiradjuri land has been called `` the land of the three rivers , the Wambool -LRB- Macquarie -RRB- , the Kalare -LRB- Lachlan -RRB- and the Murrumbidjeri -LRB- Murrumbidgee -RRB- .
The Murray River was the south side of Wiradjuri land . The change from forest to open grassland was the east side . ''
Wyangala Dam was built near Cowra to control the amount of water in the river .
At least 500 sheep were drowned on farms in the Eugowra\/Trundle area . Most of Eugowra 's 400 residents were moved for safety .
14 % of NSW farm goods come from the area which is about 10 % of NSW .
Other big floods were in : 1891 , 1916 , 1951 , 1956 , 1961 , 1974 , 1976 , 1993 , 1998 .
Floods in 1992 were smaller than 1990 , but Lachlan Valley farmers lost about 30 percent of their lucerne crops just before harvest .
The Lachlan River is an important river in central New South Wales , Australia .
The Lachlan River was explored by John Oxley in 1817 .
Other rivers that join the Lachlan River are the Carcoar River , the Belubula River and the Abercrombie River .
In dry years , for example April 1944 to April 1945 , the Lachlan may have no water flowing in it at all .
Iragna is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Samaro is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
It is located at 25 Â 16 ' 60N 69 Â 23 ' 45E and has an altitude of 11 metres -LRB- 39 feet -RRB- , the town is the headquarters of a taluka -LRB- an administrative subdivision -RRB- of Mirpur Khas District .
Backergunje , or Bakarganj was a former district of British India in the Dacca division of Eastern Bengal and Assam , and is now mostly in Bangladesh .
The Haringhata , Baleswar , Madhumati and Garai are different names for the same river - people could travel throughout the district by boat .
The members are : Mark Osegueda -LRB- vocals -RRB- Rob Cavestany -LRB- guitar , vocals -RRB- , Ted Aguilar -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- bass , vocals -RRB-
Koji Sakamoto -LRB- born 3 December 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player . He plays for Shonan Bellmare .
Every hearth is her altar .
Her father , pressured by his mistress , Madame de Montesson , sent her to a convent .
Finally , in 1770 , when she was twenty years old , she was allowed to leave the convent and marry her younger cousin , the Louis Henri de Bourbon , son and heir of Louis Joseph de Bourbon , Prince of CondÃ and his wife Charlotte Ã lisabeth Godefride de Rohan .
She fell out with her royalist husband and son , who both chose to leave France after the storming of the Bastille .
In 1804 , she learned that NapolÃ on I , whom she admired , had had her only son , Louis Antoine , Duke of Enghien , kidnapped , and executed by firing squad in the moat of the ChÃ cents teau de Vincennes .
She was known as Citoyenne VÃ ritÃ during the French Revolution .
In 1822 , while she was taking part in a march towards the PanthÃ on , she lost consciousness , and drew her last breath in the home of a law professor who taught at the Sorbonne .
Relegated to a place near Barcelona , Bathilde founded , despite her small means , a pharmacy and dispensary for the poor , and her house became a gathering place for those who needed aid .
Instead , she resumed her affair with the police officer who had escorted her to Spain in 1797 .
Badly rewarded for her fidelity to the democratic ideals of the Revolution , she survived a year and a half in a prison cell .
She was buried in the OrlÃ ans family chapel the CollÃ giale de Dreux .
Initially , Bathilde was considered as a possible bride for a distant cousin , Ferdinand , Duke of Parma , the favorite grandson of King Louis XV of France , however , that marriage never materialised .
In retribution , the National Convention decreed the imprisonment of all Bourbons remaining in France .
In November of the same year , her brother was guillotined .
In 1797 , the Directoire decided to exile the last of the Bourbons still living in France .
In 1815 , at the start of the Bourbon Restoration , she returned to France . Louis XVIII traded with her the HÃ tel Matignon for the Ã lysÃ e Palace .
For ten years , the emperor kept the mother of his most famous victim from setting foot in France .
Despite being forty-seven years old at the time , during the months which this journey took , she had an amorous intrigue with a handsome twenty-seven year old police officer -LRB- gendarme -RRB- under whose responsibility she had been put .
Descended from both Louis XIV of France and his younger brother , Philippe of France , Duke of OrlÃ ans , Bathilde was born a princesse du sang and baptised with the names Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde . She was the youngest child of Louis Philippe d'Orl Ã ans and Louise Henriette de Bourbon .
After her death , her nephew , Louis-Philippe , wanting to give an air of respectability to her bohemian lifestyle , burned the manuscript of her memoirs and a file on her young police officer located in the war archives .
Bathilde was born at the ChÃ cents teau de Saint-Cloud on 9 July 1750 .
As the Ancien RÃ gime crumbled , she took the name , Citoyenne VÃ ritÃ , `` Citizeness Truth '' .
Her mother died in 1759 when Bathilde was just eight years old .
The scandal of her husband 's adultery came out in 1778 , and the consequences fell entirely on her shoulders .
In April 1793 , her nephew , the young Duke of Chartres -LRB- future Louis Philippe of the French -RRB- , fled France and sought asylum with the Austrians .
While other members of the OrlÃ ans family still in France were kept under house arrest , Bathilde , Philippe Ã galitÃ and his sons were imprisoned in the Fort Saint-Jean in Marseille .
The two maintained a correspondence during her exile .
Bathilde promptly installed a community of nuns on the premises and charged them with praying for the souls of the victims of the Revolution .
During the French Revolution , just like her brother Philippe Ã galitÃ , Bathilde discovered democracy .
With her sister-in-law , Louise Marie AdÃ laÃ de de Bourbon , she went to Spain with her illegitimate daughter .
Her family , in the new moral order of the day , wanted to see her rejoin her husband after a separation of thirty-five years , but she refused .
Later , she passed the child off as the daughter of her secretary , in order to keep the little girl close to her .
She was sister of Philippe Ã galitÃ , the mother of the executed duc d'Enghien and aunt of Louis-Philippe King of the French .
Threatened by the new revolutionary government , she offered her wealth to the First French Republic before it could be confiscated .
During her time at the convent , she became a very spiritual person .
Bathilde d'Orl Ã ans -LRB- Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde ; 9 July 1750 -- 10 January 1822 -RRB- , was a French princess .
Bathilde got her revenge in 1814 , when the people , seeing in her the mother of the `` Martyr of Vincennes , '' cheered her as she traveled the route back to Paris .
Descended from both Louis XIV of France and his younger brother , Philippe of France , Duke of OrlÃ ans , Bathilde was born a princesse du sang and baptised with the names Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde .
She became completely republican during this time period , despite her exile .
As a separated spouse , she was never received at court and was forced to reorganise her life at the ChÃ cents teau de Chantilly .
In her isolation , she discreetly had an illegitimate daughter with a marine officer .
The couple separated in 1780 .
Miraculously spared during the Reign of Terror , Bathilde was freed during the Thermidorian Reaction and returned to her Ã lysÃ e residence in Paris .
Poverty-stricken , she was forced to rent out most of the palace .
In 2009 , Good Morning America published a report on the rising popularity of the dreidel .
Cambligneul is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
A propulsor is a mechanical device that gives propulsion .
Lenox is a city of Iowa in the United States .
The Gottlieb Animal Health and Conservation Center is in a restricted area of the zoo .
The first zoo opened in 1912 and was about two miles -LRB- 3.2 km -RRB- north of its current site until about 1965 .
The City of Los Angeles owns the entire zoo , its land and buildings , and the animals .
The zoo is open from 10am -- 5pm every day of the year except December 25 .
Animal care , grounds maintenance , construction , education , public information , and administrative staff are city employees .
In 2002 , the zoo became a certified Botanical Gardens and the official name of the institution was changed to the Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens .
The zoo , located in Los Angeles ' Griffith Park , is home to 1,100 animals from around the world .
The Los Angeles Zoo , founded in 1966 , is a 113 a zoo in Los Angeles , California .
Among other features , it includes a state-of-the-art intensive care unit , an on-site commissary , a surgical suite with observation area , and research facilities .
In 2007 the facility handled 853 medical cases .
In the 1971 20th Century Fox film Escape from the Planet of the Apes , the characters Zira and Cornelius are briefly kept at the Los Angeles Zoo .
There are 15 different collections around the zoo . They show over 800 different plant species , with a total of over 7,400 individual plants .
The smallest patient treated was a spider tortoise -LRB- 0.08 kg -RRB- and the largest was an Asian elephant -LRB- 4,826 kg -RRB- .
Sainte-Ode is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Salomon Kalou -LRB- born 5 August 1985 -RRB- is a CÃ te d'Ivoire football player . He plays for Chelsea and CÃ te d'Ivoire national team .
Castellar , Alpes-Maritimes is a commune .
Filoni made an appearance at Celebration IV on Sunday , May 28 , 2007 with producer Catherine Winder in the Celebration Theater -LRB- Room 408AB -RRB- , to discuss the beginnings of the new television series and reveal how The Clone Wars is being created .
Dave Filoni 's office , as seen in the extra features on the Star Wars : The Clone Wars DVD , is filled with Plo Koon paraphernalia .
He has a bust of Plo Koon 's head , a model of Plo Koon 's ship , an autographed portrait by the actor who played Plo Koon , a replica of Plo Koon 's lightsaber on his desk , and his personal Plo Koon costume on display .
An avid Plo Koon fan , Filoni dressed up as the Jedi Master for the opening of Revenge of the Sith .
Filoni also has a note book sized planner on his desk with Plo Koon 's picture taped to the outside .
Dave Filoni is an American film director , writer , and animator .
In February 2009 , Filoni was inducted as an Honorary Member of the 501st Legion international costuming organization in recognition of his contributions to the continuing Star Wars saga .
He is the director of the Star Wars : The Clone Wars feature film , and the supervising director of the Star Wars : The Clone Wars TV series .
Gamma-ray bursts were first observed in the late 1960s by the U.S. Vela satellites , which were built to detect gamma radiation pulses emitted by nuclear weapons tested in space .
They are the most luminous electromagnetic events known to occur in the universe .
Bursts can last from milliseconds to several minutes , although a typical burst lasts a few seconds .
Gamma-ray bursts -LRB- GRBs -RRB- are flashes of gamma rays from extremely energetic explosions . They have been seen in distant galaxies .
Most observed events last longer than two seconds and are classified as long gamma-ray bursts .
Most GRBs are a narrow beam of intense radiation released during a supernova , as a huge rapidly spinning star collapses to form a black hole .
Observations suggest significant variation in the jet angle from between 2 and 20 degrees .
The sources of most GRBs are billions of light years away from Earth . This suggests the explosions are extremely energetic : a typical burst releases as much energy in a few seconds as the Sun will in its entire 10 billion year lifetime .
Gamma-ray bursts are thought to be highly focused explosions , with most of the explosion energy in a narrow relativistic jet traveling at speeds over 99.995 % of the speed of light .
Almost every well-studied long gamma-ray burst has been associated with a rapidly star-forming galaxy and in many cases a core-collapse supernova as well . This links long GRBs with the deaths of massive stars .
It has been suggested that a gamma-ray burst in the Milky Way could cause a mass extinction on Earth .
The initial burst is usually followed by a longer-lived ` afterglow ' emitted at longer wavelengths -LRB- X-ray , ultraviolet , visible light , infrared and radio waves -RRB- .
A subclass of GRBs -LRB- the ` short ' bursts -RRB- seem to come from a different process , perhaps the merger of binary neutron stars .
The approximate angular width of the jet -LRB- that is , the degree of beaming -RRB- can be estimated directly by observing `` jet breaks '' in afterglow light curves : a time after which the slowly-decaying afterglow begins to fade suddenly , as the jet slows down and can no longer beam its radiation so effectively .
On July 2 , 1967 , at 14:19 UTC , the Vela 4 and Vela 3 satellites detected a flash of gamma radiation unlike any known nuclear weapons signature .
Long GRB afterglow observations at high redshift -LRB- great distances -RRB- also suggest GRBs originate in star-forming regions .
Because their energy is strongly beamed -LRB- very narrow -RRB- , the gamma rays emitted by most bursts miss the Earth and are never detected .
When this effect is taken into account , typical gamma-ray bursts are observed to have a true energy release of about 1044 J , or about 1\/2000 of a Solar mass energy equivalent .
All observed GRBs have come from outside the Milky Way galaxy . Similar phenomena , soft gamma repeater flares , are associated with magnetars within the Milky Way .
Uncertain what had happened but not considering the matter particularly urgent , the team at the Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory filed the data away for investigation .
When a gamma-ray burst is pointed towards Earth , the focusing of its energy along a relatively narrow beam causes the burst to appear much brighter than it would have been were its energy emitted spherically .
They have been studied in much greater detail than their short counterparts .
Le Pout is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Vensac is a commune . It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
Herne is a German city , in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , belonging to the Ruhr area .
Percy Sledge is an American R&B singer . He was born November 25 , 1940 , in Leighton Alabama .
Holly Marie Combs -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 in San Diego , California -RRB- is an American actress most well known for working on the television series Charmed . Before Charmed , she work in the tv series Picket Fences .
In his book Kitab-ul-Hind , the Persian scholar AbÅ `` RayhÄ n BÄ `` rÅ `` nÄ `` -LRB- Al-Beruni -RRB- declared that even before the advent of Islam into Sindh -LRB- 711 A.D. -RRB- , the Sindhi language was prevalent in Sindh .
A substratum is the language which is changed , and a superstratum is the language which changes it .
JosÃ Manuel Jurado -LRB- born 29 June 1986 -RRB- is a Spanish football player .
It is near the town of Warwick .
It is near the town of Warwick . The castle was once the family home of the Earls of Warwick .
Pellet is a term used for a small particle or grain , typically one created by compressing an original material .
In RNA , which is used in the cytoplasm for protein synthesis , adenine sticks to uracil .
It is no longer considered a true vitamin nor part of the Vitamin B complex .
In DNA , adenine sticks to thymine with two hydrogen bonds to help in making the nucleic acid structures stronger .
Adenine is a chemical part of DNA and RNA .
In older books , adenine was sometimes called Vitamin B4 .
However , two B vitamins , niacin and riboflavin , bind with adenine to form the essential cofactors NAD and FAD respectively .
Water vapor is water that is in the form of a vapor , or gas .
Water vapor is water that is in the form of a vapor , or gas . It is a part of the water cycle .
Water vapor can also be produced directly from ice ; this is called sublimation . Steam is water vapor , but clouds are liquid water .
MÃ 1\/4 nster is the historical capital of Westphalia and belongs now to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
The Westphalian Peace was signed in MÃ 1\/4 nster .
MÃ 1\/4 nster was very powerful in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance . The Westphalian Peace was signed in MÃ 1\/4 nster .
MÃ 1\/4 nster was very powerful in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance .
It has about 270,000 inhabitants , an airport and a university . MÃ 1\/4 nster was very powerful in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance .
Erlanger is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Edi Carlo Dias MarÃ al -LRB- born 13 September 1974 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player . He plays for Korona Kielce .
Titanosaurus has traditionally been treated as a `` wastebin taxon '' for poorly preserved sauropod remains
Titanosaurus was 9-12 metres -LRB- 30-40 ft -RRB- long and weighed about 13 tons .
Feynman diagrams are used in quantum mechanics .
A Feynman diagram is a diagram which shows what happens when elementary particles collide .
A Feynman diagram has lines in different shapesâ '' straight , dotted , and squigglyâ '' which meet up at points called vertices . The vertices are where the lines begin and end .
The points in Feynman diagrams where the lines meet represent two or more particles that happen to be at the same point in space at the same time . The lines in a Feynman diagram represent the probability amplitude for a particle to go from one place to another .
The points in Feynman diagrams where the lines meet represent two or more particles that happen to be at the same point in space at the same time .
Lebanon is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
He died on July 4 , 2003 of renal failure and was cremated , his ashes were scattered by the California coast .
Because the difference between right and left hands is well known and easy to observe , chemists call many pairs of enantiomers `` right - '' and `` left-handed . ''
Molecular chirality is important because of it is used in stereochemistry in inorganic chemistry , organic chemistry , physical chemistry , biochemistry , and supramolecular chemistry .
A molecule is achiral -LRB- not chiral -RRB- if it has an axis of symmetry .
In chemistry , chirality usually refers to molecules .
Human hands are chiral . The left hand is a mirror image of the right hand .
The symmetry of a molecule -LRB- or any other object -RRB- tells us whether it is chiral .
The symmetry of a molecule -LRB- or any other object -RRB- tells us whether it is chiral . A molecule is achiral -LRB- not chiral -RRB- if it has an axis of symmetry .
This is why you can not put a left handed glove on your right hand , or shake the right hand of a person using your left hand .
The word chiral is derived from the Greek word for hand , Ï Î Î Ï -LRB- \/ cheir \/ -RRB- .
If a molecule is chiral it has two forms that are mirror images of each other but are not the same . Chemists call these enantiomers or optical isomers .
Also , up until The Sims 2 : FreeTime , the logo of Maxis was used for a button in the Options panel of the game to display the credits .
Maxis has also released games developed by other production houses , such as A-Train and SimTower .
In FreeTime , the Maxis logo was replaced by a symbol of the Sims plumbob .
Maxis Software is an American company that was founded as a video game developer and is now a brand name of Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- .
Maxis founder Will Wright likens them as `` digital dollhouses . ''
Most Maxis titles are simulation-based , though none are considered traditional simulations .
Products were shipped under the Maxis logo for several years until 2004 , when The Sims 2 had only the Electronic Arts logo on the box cover . As of October 18 2006 , with the release of The Sims 2 : Pets expansion pack , the Maxis title has been removed from the game 's start .
Electronic Arts -LRB- EA -RRB- completed its acquisition of Maxis on July 28 , 1997 .
These four titles and their related products are the brand 's most popular and successful lines .
Maxis is also the creator of the best-selling computer game of all time , The Sims and its sequel The Sims 2 and a title called Spore in which you guide a creature from cell form to smart , developed creatures .
Valparaiso is a city of Florida in the United States .
She also plays the voice of Meg Griffin on Family Guy .
Guisy is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Flag design also follows a historical process , where later flag designs are based on earlier flag designs .
The Flag Identification System was created by Whitney Smith and adopted by FÃ dÃ ration internationale des associations vexillologiques -LRB- FIAV -RRB- .
Other symbols are used to describe other uses of the flag , such as official status and which side of the flag is shown .
This means that many flags in an area may look similar because they are all based on one historical flag . Examples include the Pan-African colors , Pan-Arab colors , and the Nordic Cross .
The first row is for use on land and the second row is for use on water , each divided into private -LRB- civil -RRB- , government -LRB- state -RRB- , and military -LRB- war -RRB- use .
In the 19th Century , many Cornish people moved abroad to find jobs in mining . Today , descendents of Cornish people can be found all over the world , including Australia , Canada , America , Mexico and South Africa .
Cornish people -LRB- Cornish : Kernowyon -RRB- are often regarded as a distinct ethnic group or national identity of the United Kingdom , originating in Cornwall .
The Safavids -LRB- Persian : Ø Ù Ù Û Ø Ù -RRB- were an Iranian Shia dynasty of mixed Azeri and Kurdish origins which ruled Iran from 1501\/1502 to 1722 .
The Safavids made the greatest Iranian empire since the Islamic conquest of Persia , and established the IthnÄ Ë ashari -LRB- twelver -RRB- school of Shi ` a Islam as the official religion of their empire , making one of the most important turning points in the history of Iran .
Hongwu Emperor -LRB- ; October 21 , 1328 â `` June 24 , 1398 -RRB- , also known by his given name Zhu Yuanzhang and by the temple name Taizu of the Ming was the first emperor of the Ming Dynasty .
This is a list of Number 1 singles in 1996 in New Zealand , starting with the first chart dated , January 12 , 1996 .
VedÃ ne is a commune . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
Screwtape is Wormwood 's uncle and a `` high '' demon .
The Screwtape Letters is a book written by author and Christian scholar C. S. Lewis .
Screwtape is always afraid that God will step in and stop Wormwood 's temptations . Screwtape says that when the patient prays to God for help , God always comes , so Screwtape is fearful .
Sachio Yoshida -LRB- born 6 April 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Villeneuve is a commune .
Blanchard is a city of Oklahoma in the United States .
Hula is a word in the Hawaiian language .
A long time ago , hula dance was used only in special ceremonies . Now , hula dance is mainly for entertainment .
As part of Polydor Records UK , the label will concentrate on a small number of pop acts and will complement the re-activated Fiction rock imprint .
The record label is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine .
Les Isles-Bardel is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Fine art models are hired by photographers , painters and other artists to pose for their art .
Russell William Wallace , Jr. -LRB- born August 14 , 1956 in Fenton , Missoui -RRB- is a retired American race car driver .
The World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- is part of the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- , working on international public health , with headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland . The WHO was established by the UN on April 7 , 1948 .
Ochsenfurt is a town in the district of WÃ 1\/4 rzburg , in Bavaria , Germany .
-LRB- The ` upper house ' is called the House of Lords . -RRB- Other countries also have parts of parliament called the House of Commons which work in the same way .
-LRB- The ` upper house ' is called the House of Lords . -RRB-
He was also the goaltender who faced the first penalty shot ever awarded during an overtime period in NHL playoff history -LRB- 1996 -RRB- .
He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs , Philadelphia Flyers , Pittsburgh Penguins , Calgary Flames , and Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League from 1983 through 2000 .
He stopped Washington Capitals star JoÃ Juneau , extending what was the third-longest game in NHL history , the longest game since 1936 .
In 1983 , he joined the St. Catharines Saints , the Toronto AHL affiliate , after being drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft , 45th overall .
He split time for two seasons between St. Catharines and the Maple Leafs .
The Penguins finally won 3 â `` 2 in the fourth overtime period .
Wregget was generally backup to Penguins goaltender Tom Barrasso , although Wregget was regarded as a solid goaltender in his own right .
He played one season for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League in 2000 â `` 2001 before retiring at the age of 37 .
He won the Stanley Cup in 1992 with the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Kenneth Wregget -LRB- born March 25 , 1964 -RRB- is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
The 1986 â `` 87 season was his first full year in the NHL .
Wregget 's best season came in 1994 â `` 95 when he played in 38 games and compiled a 25 â `` 9-2 record with a 3.21 goals against average and a .903 save percentage while also leading the NHL in wins .
In 1992 , he was traded from the Philadelphia Flyers to the reigning champion Pittsburgh Penguins along with Kjell Samuelsson and Rick Tocchet in exchange for Mark Recchi .
There was frequent speculation that Wregget would take over as the starting goaltender .
In 2009 , he was inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame .
Wregget played for three seasons with the Lethbridge Broncos of the Western Hockey League and won the Del Wilson Trophy as the WHL 's top goaltender in 1984 .
The Dicynodontia are a group of therapsids or mammal-like reptiles .
They were small to large herbivorous animals with two tusks , hence their name , which means ` two dog tooth ' .
They are also the most successful and diverse of the non-mammalian therapsids , with over 70 genera known .
Cucurbitaceae is a plant family commonly known as melons , gourds or cucurbits and includes crops like cucumbers , squashes -LRB- including pumpkins -RRB- , luffas , melons and watermelons .
The family is predominantly distributed around the tropics , where those with edible fruits were amongst the earliest cultivated plants in both the Old and New Worlds .
Saint-Germain is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France .
Blanzy-l Ã s-Fismes is a commune .
Sometimes the mirror was shown on his chest , and sometimes smoke would come from the mirror .
He is often shown with his right foot replaced with an obsidian mirror or a snake - an allusion to the creation myth in which he loses his foot battling with the Earth Monster .
He was associated with many concepts . Some of these are the night sky , the night winds , hurricanes , the north , the earth , obsidian , enmity , discord , rulership , divination , temptation , sorcery , beauty , war and strife .
On pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
The four Tezcatlipocas were the sons of Ometecuhtli and Omecihuatl , lord and lady of the duality , and were the creators of all the other gods , as well as the world and man .
Tezcatlipoca was often described as a rival of another important god of the Aztecs , the culture hero , Quetzalcoatl .
In later myths , the four gods who created the world , Tezcatlipoca , Quetzalcoatl , Huitzilopochtli and Xipe Totec were referred to respectively as the Black , the White , the Blue and the Red Tezcatlipoca .
He had many names in context with different aspects of his deity : Titlacauan -LRB- `` We are his Slaves '' -RRB- , Ipalnemoani -LRB- `` He by whom we live '' -RRB- , Necoc Yaotl -LRB- `` Enemy of Both Sides '' -RRB- , Tloque Nahuaque -LRB- `` Lord of the Near and the Nigh '' -RRB- and Yohualli Ã ecatl -LRB- Night , Wind -RRB- , Ome acatl -LRB- `` Two Reed '' -RRB- , Ilhuicahua Tlalticpaque -LRB- `` Possessor of the Sky and Earth '' -RRB- .
Similarities exist with the patron deity of the K ` iche ' Maya as described in the Popol Vuh .
A central figure of the Popol Vuh was the god Tohil whose name means `` obsidian '' and who was associated with sacrifice .
The Tezcatlipoca figure goes back to earlier Mesoamerican deities worshipped by the Olmec and Maya .
His name in the Nahuatl language is often translated as `` Smoking Mirror '' because of his connection to obsidian , the material from which mirrors were made in Mesoamerica and which was used for shamanic rituals .
Quetzalcoatl became the ruler of the following creation `` Sun of Water '' , and Tezcatlipoca destroyed the third creation `` The Sun of Wind '' by striking down Quetzalcoatl .
Tezcatlipocas Nagual , his animal counterpart , was the jaguar and his Jaguar aspect was the deity Tepeyollotl `` Mountainheart '' .
In one version of the Aztec creation account the myth of the Five Suns , The first creation , `` The sun of the Earth '' was ruled by Tezcatlipoca but destroyed by Quetzalcoatl when he struck down Tezcatlipoca who then transformed into a jaguar .
Also the Classic Maya god of rulership and thunder known to modern Mayanists as `` God K '' , or the `` Manikin Scepter '' and to the classic Maya as K ` awil was shown with a smoking obsidian knife in his forehead and one leg replaced with a snake .
There is a book named Diogenes LaÃ `` rtius .
Touques , Calvados is a commune . It is found in the Basse-Normandie region in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Symphony X are an American progressive metal band from Middletown , New Jersey .
Founded in 1994 by guitarist Michael Romeo , their albums The Divine Wings of Tragedy and V : The New Mythology Suite have given the band considerable attention within the progressive metal community .
After the concert , they said it was `` the best gig of our lives '' .
The band was later called Fixed Penalty . After that , it was called Rocket Baby Dolls .
Shortly after the show , however , Howard 's father died .
In 2005 , Muse played four songs at Live 8 .
Muse played at the Glastonbury Festival in June 2004 .
In 1994 , while they were called Chupalo Rocket Baby Dolls , they won a Battle of the Bands competition .
La Rocque is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
An International Standard Serial Number -LRB- ISSN -RRB- is an eight-digit number used to identify a print or electronic periodical publication .
The ISO subcommittee TC 46\/SC 9 is responsible for the standard .
The ISSN system was first created known as international standard ISO 3297 in 1975 .
The year of 1791 started on a Saturday in the Gregorian calendar .
Advisories are also issued for tropical cyclones which have moved inland and are no longer the responsibility of the National Hurricane Center .
The HPC issues storm summaries on storm systems bringing significant rainfall and snowfall to portions of the United States .
The HPC was created in October 1995 , when the former National Meteorological Center was reorganised into the NCEP . It is based at the World Weather Building in Camp Springs , Maryland , along with a few of the other National Centers such as the Climate Prediction Center -LRB- CPC -RRB- , the Ocean Prediction Center -LRB- OPC -RRB- , and the Environmental Modeling Center -LRB- EMC -RRB- .
The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center -LRB- a.k.a. HPC -RRB- is one of nine Service Centers that are part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction -LRB- NCEP -RRB- , which is part of the National Weather Service , which in turn is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -LRB- NOAA -RRB- of the U.S. government .
The HPC serves as a center of excellence in Quantitative Precipitation Forecasting , Medium Range Forecasting -LRB- three to seven days -RRB- and the interpretation of numerical weather prediction models .
The HPC also acts as the backup office to the National Hurricane Center in the event of a complete communications failure .
The more she shrieked and struggled the more firmly the mechanical throne gripped her ; the chair was a cleverly designed trap .
On the third day he beat the cooled metal into shapes : bracelets , chains , swords and shields .
Juno was delighted with this gift but , as soon as she sat in it her weight triggered hidden springs and metal bands sprung forth to hold her fast .
It was the view of the Etruscan haruspices that a temple of Vulcan should be located outside the city , -LRB- 5 -RRB- and the Volcanal may originally have been on or outside the city limits before they expanded to include the Capitoline Hill .
At the same time a red bull-calf and red boar were added to the sacrifices made on the Vulcanalia , at least in that region of the city .
It was said that whenever Venus is unfaithful , Vulcan grows angry and beats the red-hot metal with such a force that sparks and smoke rise up from the top of the mountain , to create a volcanic eruption .
His smithy was believed to be situated underneath Mount Etna in Sicily .
He later built a smithy under Mount Etna on the island of Sicily .
A fragment of a Greek pot showing Hephaestus found at the Volcanal has been dated to the 6th century BC , suggesting that the two gods were already associated at this date .
Juno was furious and demanded that Vulcan return home , a demand that he refused .
Late in his childhood , he found the remains of a fisherman 's fire on the beach and became fascinated with an un-extinguished coal , still red-hot and glowing .
-LRB- 9 -RRB- In response to the same fire , Domitian -LRB- emperor 81 â `` 96 -RRB- established a new altar to Vulcan on the Quirinal Hill .
Vulcan 's oldest shrine in Rome , called the `` Volcanal '' , was situated at the foot of the Capitoline in the Forum Romanum , and was reputed to date to the archaic period of the kings of Rome , -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- and to have been established on the site by Titus Tatius , -LRB- 4 -RRB- the Sabine co-king , with a traditional date in the eighth century BC .
Vulcan had a happy childhood with dolphins as his playmates and pearls as his toys .
Later , Thetis left her underwater grotto to attend a dinner party on Mount Olympus wearing a beautiful necklace of silver and sapphires , which Vulcan had made for her .
He even made slave-girls of gold to wait on him and do his bidding .
He also made the thrones for the other gods on Mount Olympus .
Through his identification with the Hephaestus of Greek mythology , he came to be considered as the manufacturer of art , arms , iron , jewellery and armor for various gods and heroes , including the thunderbolts of Jupiter .
Vulcan 's contribution to the beautiful and foolish Pandora was to mould her from clay and to give her form .
Vulcan carefully shut this precious coal in a clamshell and took it back to his underwater grotto and made a fire with it .
He was the son of Jupiter and Juno , and husband of Maia and Venus .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- However , Vulcan had a stronger association than Hephaestus with fire 's destructive capacity , and a major concern of his worshippers was to encourage the god to avert harmful fires .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- 6 -RRB- The Romans identified Vulcan with the Greek smith-god Hephaestus , and he became associated like his Greek counterpart with the constructive use of fire in metalworking .
To punish mankind for stealing the secrets of fire , Jupiter ordered the other gods to make a poisoned gift for man .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- Vulcan also had a temple on the Campus Martius , which was in existence by 214 BC .
However he did send Juno a beautifully constructed chair made of silver and gold , inlaid with mother-of-pearl .
Vulcan made pearl-handled knives and spoons for his foster mother , he made a silver chariot for himself , and bridles so that seahorses could transport him quickly .
On the first day after , Vulcan stared at this fire for hours on end .
For three days Juno sat fuming , still trapped in Vulcan 's chair , she could not sleep , she could not stretch , she could not eat .
Juno admired the necklace and asked as to where she could get one .
Vulcan agreed and married Venus .
On the second day , he discovered that when he made the fire hotter with bellows , certain stones sweated iron , silver or gold .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- The Volcanalia sacrifice was offered here to Vulcan , on August 23 .
It was Jupiter who finally saved the day , he promised that if Vulcan released Juno he would give him a wife , Venus the goddess of love and beauty .
Thetis became flustered causing Juno to become suspicious and , at last , the queen god discovered the truth : the baby she had once rejected had grown into a talented blacksmith .
According to Virgil , Vulcan was the father of Caeculus .
-LRB- 8 -RRB- Vulcan was among the gods placated after the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64 .
Napoleon Dynamite is a comedy movie made in 2004 by John Hess and starring Jon Heder .
The basset hound is an exception to the family of common dogs .
Rustrel is a commune of 614 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
The 1997 Atlantic hurricane season was an Atlantic hurricane season . It began on June 1 , 1997 and ended on November 30 , 1997 .
The World Meteorological Organization retired no names used in the 1997 season . All names on this list were used again in 2003 as a result .
The World Meteorological Organization retired no names used in the 1997 season .
The remains were last seen on July 23 near the Azores .
Ana started on June 30 as a tropical depression off the coast of South Carolina .
Hurricane Erika started on September 3 as Tropical Depression Six .
The 1997 Atlantic hurricane season had only seven named storms .
Hurricane Danny killed 9 people and caused $ 100 million in damage .
Tropical Storm Claudette died on July 16 .
Fabian started on October 5 north of Puerto Rico .
Tropical Storm Fabian moved to the north and died on October 8 .
Storms before it became Fabian may have caused heavy rain in the Lesser Antilles .
It is where Rolls-Royce Motor Cars is based . They also have a plant there .
Nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg .
In geometry the correct definition of cross section is : the intersection of a body in 2-dimensional space with a line , or of a body in 3-dimensional space with a plane .
The IÃ Ã or Putumayo is one of the tributaries of the Amazon River .
It makes the border between Colombia and Ecuador , and makes up most of the frontier with Peru .
Many anti-corporate and not-for-profit forms of alternative protest have surfaced in the punk underground , foe example , self-made publications known as `` zines '' , where there is greater freedom to discuss controversial -LRB- usually far left -RRB- political issues such as bigotry , LGBT community issues , feminism , militant atheism , and veganism .
Mainstream movies can best be defined as movies created for profit that have a wide release and play in first run theaters -LRB- a movie theater that runs mostly mainstream movies from the major movie companies and distributors , during the initial release period of each movie -RRB- .
In the 1960s , this music was exampled by the music of the hippie counterculture .
The punk subculture usually does not appreciate major label bands that play punk music that denies the do it yourself -LRB- DIY -RRB- punk ethic , and thinks they are the same as mainstream music .
Hollywood and Bollywood movies are usually considered mainstream and also blockbusters .
Indie rock that surfaced in the early 1990s underground took this same DIY ethic .
Opposing mainstream music is the music of subcultures .
And though the mainstream media often views this as a youthful expression of rebellion by , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived shared countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses -LRB- houses where people of the punk subculture live and open to others to stay , including touring bands -RRB- and resistance movements against what they see as the widespread , unfair use of human and animal rights for profit .
This exists in most all genres of music and is commonly found in punk rock , indie rock , and extreme metal , among others .
Mainstream music refers to music that is familiar to and popular with the majority of people in their culture . For example , popular music or pop music .
Punk rock has set itself apart from other non-mainstream genres by self-asserting an active anti-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control .
The boundary is vague .
This modern group is effectively voiced through the anarcho-punk and crust punk subcultures , in attempt to fight what is seen by those groups as a general devalue of , and way to profit from , life .
Being sold at popular stores can also be an indicator .
In the Northern Hemisphere the winter solstice is usually December 21 or December 22 .
Naini Lake has too low a level of oxygen in the bottom layer to sustain fish . This is mostly due to pollution , which includes illegal dumping of garbage .
Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas .
Bellignat is a commune .
She later attended the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts -LRB- the High School in the movie Fame -RRB- before she studied theater at Juilliard .
Morena Baccarin -LRB- born June 2 , 1979 -RRB- is an Italian-Brazilian actress . She is best known for her role as Inara Serra in the sci-fi television series Firefly and the movie Serenity .
Mahamadou Diarra -LRB- born 18 May 1981 -RRB- is a Malian football player . He plays for Monaco and Mali national team .
Ä ajev is small village near Humpolec in the HavlÃ Ä kÅ v Brod District , VysoÄ ina Region of the Czech Republic .
473 people live there and it has 7,98 kmÂ .
Renansart is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Truttemer-le-Grand is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph , 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered specifically for the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification program of the late 1980s .
Built to replace the previous Class 43 -LRB- better known as the InterCity 125 -RRB- , the Class 91s were given the auxiliary name of InterCity 225 to indicate their status as a new version of the 125 and their envisaged top speed of 225km\/h -LRB- 140mph -RRB- .
The other end of the InterCity 225 train set is formed of a Driving Van Trailer , built with a similar bodyshell to the Class 91 locomotives .
This was made popular by Martin Luther in his Deutsche Messe -LRB- German Mass -RRB- . It is a tradition in most Lutheran Churches .
Roman Catholics have many more benedictions , usually with many candles -LRB- even poor churches have at least ten -RRB- , than Protestants , who only have a few simple benedictions .
A kind of benediction that is often done in both Roman Catholic and Protestant churches is for the worship leader to raise his hands and say the Biblical Priestly Blessing .
It is made by reacting mercury -LRB- I -RRB- carbonate with hydrofluoric acid .
Mercury -LRB- I -RRB- fluoride , also known as mercurous fluoride , is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is Hg2F2 .
In virtually all Christian traditions , this regular public worship is accompanied by other forms of worship , such as prayer and study , small group prayer -LRB- often linked with Bible study -RRB- , and formal ceremonies on special occasions , including weddings , funerals and events of Church or state .
Throughout most centuries of Church history , Christian worship has been primarily liturgical , symbolised by prayers and hymns , whose texts were closely related to , the Scripture .
Set times for prayer during the day were made -LRB- based mostly on Jewish models -RRB- , and a festal cycle throughout the Church year pointed out the celebration of feasts and holy days relating to the events in the life of Jesus , the lives of the saints , and features of the Church 's view of God .
To change the patterns and content of worship were to change the faith itself .
A large amount of importance was placed on the forms of worship , as they were seen in terms of the Latin phrase lex orandi , lex credendi -LRB- `` the rule of prayer is the rule of belief '' -RRB- -- that is , the details of someone 's worship show , teach , and govern the principle beliefs of the community .
Orthodoxy in faith also meant orthodoxy in worship , and vice versa .
Each time a heresy appeared in the Church , it normally came by a shift in worship for the heretical group .
The heat capacity of a single material is called the specific heat capacity of the material . The term `` heat capacity '' by itself means the general idea .
The heat capacity of a single material is called the specific heat capacity of the material .
Empoli F.C. is a football club which plays in Italy .
Plaza Monumental RomÃ n Eduardo Sandia also known as the Plaza de Toros de MÃ rida is a plaza de toros first class located in the city of MÃ rida , Venezuela being one of the main infrastructure for cultural and artistic events to large scale of the city after the Estadio OlÃ mpico Metropolitano and the fence locations for the bullfights in the frame of the Feria Internacional del Sol .
But he has also received several Venezuelan and international artists and singers like Juanes , ManÃ , Desorden PÃ blico , Caramelos de Cianuro , Franco De Vita , Paulina Rubio , Chino y Nacho , Don Omar , Tito El Bambino , Molotov , Wisin & Yandel , Dalmata , Vos Veis , Los Hombres G , Aterciopelados , Jorge CeledÃ n , Jean Carlos Centeno , L'squadron , Tecupae , Luis Silva , Armando MartÃ nez , among others .
He has received prominent bullfighters like Julian LÃ pez `` El Juli '' , Francisco Rivera OrdÃ Ã ez , Juan JosÃ `` Morante de la Puebla '' , Miguel Ã ngel Perera , Enrique Ponce , Francisco Rivera `` PaquirrÃ '' , PÃ lomo LinÃ res , Javier Conde , Manuel BÃ nitez `` El CordobÃ s '' , JosÃ MarÃ a Manzanares , Antonio Barrera , Paquito Perlaza , Leonardo BÃ nitez , Luis Bolivar , David Fandila `` El Fandi '' , Mary Paz Vega , Morenito de Maracay , Nerio Ramirez `` El TovareÃ o '' , Rafael Orellana , CÃ sar Vanegas , CÃ sar Faraco , Eduardo Valenzuela , among others .
The Plaza was inaugurated in 1967 to serve as a forum to various events of Ferias del Sol , and has a capacity of 16,000 spectators .
Sean Taro Ono Lennon -LRB- born October 9 1975 -RRB- is the son of John Lennon and his second wife Yoko Ono .
His best-selling title is Life After Life .
Raymond Moody -LRB- born June 30 , 1944 -RRB- is a psychologist and medical doctor .
He is an author of books about near death experiences -LRB- NDEs -RRB- , a term that he coined in 1975 .
The Illinois Senate is the upper chamber in the Illinois General Assembly , the legislative branch of the government of the state of Illinois .
In contrast , the Illinois House of Representatives is made up of 118 members with its entire membership elected to two-year terms .
House districts are formed by dividing each Senate district in half .
According to Illinois ' 1970 constitution , senators are divided into three groups , each group having a two-year term at a different part of the decade between censuses , with the rest of the decade being taken up by two four-year terms . .
Depending on the election year , roughly one-third , two-thirds , or all Senate seats may be contested .
Created in 1818 by the constitution of the first state , the Illinois senate is comprised 59 senators elected from individual legislative districts determined by population .
Renowned artist Tone -LRB- ä '' ç è '' -RRB- formed his own band after releasing his first debut album titled '' æ ` ç 6:57 am '' , and recruited the other two members to form Cool Silly .
ä å cents ; pinyin : Sakoo YuÃ tuÃ n -RRB- is a Taiwanese-American mainstream pop trio consisting of producer\/singer Tone -LRB- ä '' ç è '' -RRB- , singer\/composer Ray Liu -LRB- å è '' ' è `` -RRB- and rapper\/actor Leeway -LRB- è -- å å -RRB- .
Since their debut , they have often been compared with the Popular Taiwanese rock group , F.I.R. , because of the similar formation of band members and attractive performance personalities .
The song attracted many fans , which led to Cool Silly 's debut in 2010 with the release of their first digital album , Cool Silly : The Prelude .
The name Cool Silly comes from the band 's ideology that `` a person ca n't be cool unless they 're silly as well '' .
The band insists that the personality of their music is not only `` cool '' but `` silly '' as well .
Ford began building the Model T in his Piquette factory on October 6 , 1908 as a 1909 model .
A lever on the floor worked the brakes as well as the clutch . Pulling the lever toward the driver would set the parking brake and help keep the car from moving while parked .
Step on the pedal all the way to the left , move the throttle lever to `` give it the gas '' and gently move the floor lever forward . This is low gear , the powerful gear used to get the Model T moving .
A new car took the place of the Model T in 1928 , the Ford Model A.
Dance Flick is a dark comedy spoof film by the Wayans Brothers .
Edward Kennedy `` Duke '' Ellington -LRB- April 29 , 1899 -- May 24 , 1974 -RRB- was an American composer , pianist , and Big band leader .
Daisy Kennedy was born in Washington , D.C. on January 4 , 1879 . Her father had been an American slave .
Ellington went to Armstrong Technical High School in Washington , D.C. His first job was selling peanuts at Washington Senators baseball games .
Ellington led his band from 1923 until he died of lung cancer in 1974 .
Then Paul Ellington , Mercer 's youngest son , took over the band .
His son Mercer Ellington took over the band until he died of cancer in 1996 .
His song was called `` Soda Fountain Rag '' . He could not read or write music yet .
At first , Ellington was more interested in baseball than playing the piano .
They lived with Daisy 's parents in Washington , D.C. James Edward Ellington -LRB- J.E. -RRB- was born in Lincolnton , North Carolina on April 15 , 1879 and moved to Washington , D.C. in 1886 with his parents .
Ellington called his music `` American Music '' , not `` jazz '' .
Ellington called his music `` American Music '' , not `` jazz '' . Some of the people who played in Ellington 's band were also famous or important jazz musicians .
Edward Kennedy Ellington was born on April 29 , 1899 . His parents were called James Edward Ellington and Daisy Kennedy Ellington .
The other musicians in his band were Otto Hardwick , on bass and then saxophone ; Arthur Whetsol on trumpet ; Elmer Snowden on banjo ; and Sonny Greer on drums .
They played in Washington , D.C. and Virginia at dances and parties .
Some of the people who played in Ellington 's band were also famous or important jazz musicians .
He also worked as a butler for a white doctor . He occasionally worked as a caterer at the White House .
He wrote on algebra , logic , foundations of mathematics , philosophy of science , physics , metaphysics , and education .
He is the coauthor , along with Bertrand Russell , of the important Principia Mathematica .
Alfred North Whitehead , OM -LRB- 15 February 1861 -- 30 December 1947 -RRB- was an English mathematician who became a philosopher .
Among his brothers , Kampana governed Nellur region , Muddppa administered Mulabagalu region , Marappa oversaw Chandragutti and Bukka Raya was his second in command .
At first he conquered the valley of Tungabhadra River , then he expanded his control to certain regions of Konkan and Malabar Coast .
An inscription of 1346 speaks of Harihara I as the ruler of â whole country between the eastern and the western seas , and the inscription describes Vidya Nagara -LRB- that is , the city of learning -RRB- as his capital .
He was the eldest son of Bhavana Sangama and was founder of the Sangama dynasty , the first among the four dynasties that ruled Vijayanagara .
Harihara I was succeeded by Bukka I who was the most distinguished amongst the five rulers -LRB- Panchasangamas -RRB- of the Sangama dynasty .
Immediately after coming to power , he built a fort at Barkuru , on the west coast of present day Karnataka .
Kannada inscriptions of his time call him Karnataka Vidya Vilas -LRB- master of great knowledge and skills -RRB- , Bhashegetappuvarayaraganda -LRB- punisher of those feudatories who do not keep their promise -RRB- , Arirayavibhada -LRB- fire to enemy kings -RRB- .
Harihara I , -LRB- 1336-1356 CE -RRB- also called Hakka à à à à and Vira Harihara I , was the founder of the Vijayanagara empire .
His first poems were printed in the school 's almanac in 1907 .
As a day job , he translated -LRB- 19 books in 6 years -RRB- , then worked as a correspondent for a newspaper .
For several years after that , he almost completely abandoned poetry , concentrating on essays , literary criticism , memoirs -LRB- The Din Of Time , Russian : Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð , Shum vremeni ; Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ñ , Feodosiya - both 1925 -RRB- and small-format prose -LRB- The Egyptian Stamp , Russian : Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð , Yegipetskaya marka - 1928 -RRB- .
In 1900 Mandelstam entered the prestigious Tenishevsky school , which also counts Vladimir Nabokov and other significant figures of Russian -LRB- and Soviet -RRB- culture among its alumni .
Mandelstam 's non-conformist , anti-establishment tendencies always simmered not far from the surface , and in the autumn of 1933 they broke through in form of the famous `` Stalin Epigram '' .
Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð , Tsekh Poetov -RRB- , under the formal leadership of Nikolai Gumilyov and Sergei Gorodetsky .
At the same time his second book of poems , Tristia , was published in Berlin . For several years after that , he almost completely abandoned poetry , concentrating on essays , literary criticism , memoirs -LRB- The Din Of Time , Russian : Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð , Shum vremeni ; Ð Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ñ , Feodosiya - both 1925 -RRB- and small-format prose -LRB- The Egyptian Stamp , Russian : Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð , Yegipetskaya marka - 1928 -RRB- .
Mandelstam was born in Warsaw , to a wealthy Jewish family .
In 1911 , in order to continue education in the University of St. Petersburg , he converted to Methodism -LRB- which he did not practice -RRB- and entered the university the same year .
At the same time his second book of poems , Tristia , was published in Berlin .
In 1922 Mandelstam arrived in Moscow with his newlywed wife Nadezhda .
In April 1908 Mandelstam decided to enter the Sorbonne to study literature and philosophy , but he left the following year to attend the University of Heidelberg .
Mandelstam 's poetry , acutely populist in spirit after the first Russian revolution , became closely associated with symbolist imagery , and in 1911 he and several other young Russian poets formed `` Poets ' Guild '' -LRB- Russian : Ð Ð Ñ
Unsportsmanlike conduct -LRB- or unsporting behavior , or ungentlemanly conduct -RRB- describes a kind of action by professional athlete . It is when a player or team during the game that is not professional or is offensive .
The official rules of many sports include a rule so that a referee can call unsportsmanlike conduct on a team or player .
Some untrained dogs may help their owners , but there are also reports of dogs that have reacted aggressively or even died as a result of witnessing or anticipating their owner 's seizure .
Usually , people say that this behavior arises spontaneously , or over some time .
There have been some studies where dogs were trained to alert seizures by using reward-based training â `` with partial success .
Nynorsk -LRB- New Norwegian -RRB- is one of the two officially standards of the Norwegian language , the other being BokmÃ l. It is based on Norwegian dialects and was created by Ivar Aasen during the 19th century to show a Norwegian alternative to the Danish language -LRB- upon which BokmÃ l is based -RRB- which was commonly written in Norway at the time .
Fouquereuil is a commune . It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
Reverse osmosis is a separation process that uses pressure to force a solution through a membrane that keeps the solute on one side and lets the pure solvent to go to the other side .
After moving across the tropical Atlantic Ocean it strengthened as Tropical Depression Five on September 10 while about 1240 miles -LRB- 2000 km -RRB- east of Puerto Rico .
The strongest storm of the season began as a tropical wave off Africa on September 4 .
On September 1 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa and moved west .
Tropical Depression Six formed on November 18 and quickly strengthened into a tropical storm .
Danielle peaked as a 60 mph storm on September 8 , while a Reconnaissance Aircraft reported gusts of up to hurricane force .
In the Atlantic , the names are used again every six years , so many of these names were used in 1980 and again in 1992 .
The storm curved northeast and strengthened further , reaching hurricane strength on November 20 .
After passing through the Lesser Antilles , Danielle came across vertical wind shear , and on September 10 , it dissipated in the central Caribbean Sea .
These were the names set aside to be used in 1986 Atlantic hurricane .
No names were retired from the 1986 Atlantic hurricane season .
The names that did not get used are marked with .
Earl then turned north and became extratropical southeast of Newfoundland on September 19 .
The disturbance was below the 10 degree latitude as it developed into a tropical depression on September 7 and then strengthened into a tropical storm later that day .
The depression quickly strengthened and reached hurricane strength on September 11 ; Earl reached its strongest point on September 12 , as a Category 2 hurricane as it traveled in a half circle .
Frances was later destroyed by an extratropical low on November 21 .
At its strongest point , Earl had sustained winds of 105 mph -LRB- 170 km\/h -RRB- and a minimum central pressure of 979 mbar .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
The year 2 -LRB- II -RRB- was a common year that started on Sunday , according to the Julian calendar .
Each month , Vogue publishes a magazine based entirely on fashion , life and design .
Vogue is a fashion and lifestyle magazine published in nine countries by a company called CondÃ Nast Publications .
Asikkala is one of the municipalities of Finland .
The downtown of Asikkala is called VÃ Ã ksy .
Deewane Tere Pyaar Key -LRB- Urdu : Ø Û Ù Ø Ù Û ' Ø Û Ø Û ' Ù 3\/4 Û Ø Ø Ú Û ' , English title : Love Crazy -RRB- is an Urdu film which was released in March 1997 .
The title is also used by Shia Muslims to refer to their first Imam , Ali ibn Abi Talib , since he was also the Caliph .
Shi ` a view that Ali , the prophet of Islam 's son-in-law and the only person to father the prophets only continuing lineage , was given the title during Muhammad 's era .
It has also been adopted by various Caliphs of the succeeding Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties , as well as by some contemporary Arab monarchs .
It has been claimed as the title of rulers in Muslim countries and empires and is still used for some Muslim leaders .
Amir al-Mu ` minin -LRB- Arabic Ø # Ù
Ù Ù Ù -RRB- is usually translated Commander of the Faithful or Prince of the Faithful , but Leader of the Believers might be a better translation . It is the Arabic style of Caliphs and other independent sovereign Muslim rulers that claim legitimacy from a community of Muslims .
Cardonville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
He is associated with the well known phrase `` in a world ... '' , which has been used in movie trailers many times .
Donald LaFontaine -LRB- August 26 , 1940 -- September 1 , 2008 -RRB- was an American voice actor . His deep voice could be heard in a large amount of movie trailers and television advertisements .
The earliest reference to the site was in the Domesday Book survey of 1086 . The ` Minster ' of Southwark seems to be under the control of Bishop Odo of Bayeux -LRB- William the Conqueror 's half-brother -RRB- .
It has been a place of Christian worship for over 1,000 years , but a cathedral only since 1905 .
In 1106 , Henry I 's reign , the latter became an Augustinian Priory : Norman stonework can still be seen , and Thomas Becket preached here before departing to Canterbury , days before his murder in 1170 .
Southwark Cathedral , in Southwark , London , lies on the south bank of the River Thames close to London Bridge .
The cathedral has three choirs , The main Cathedral Choir is supported financially by the St Olave 's & St Saviour 's Schools Foundation . They were two parochial schools set up in the 1560s , and still hold their annual services here as their ` foundation ' church .
A Saxon minster -LRB- a teaching church -RRB- served a south Thames area .
The main railway line from London Bridge station to Cannon Street station passes close to the cathedral , blocking the view from the south side .
The present building is mainly Gothic , from 1220 to 1420 .
Borough Market and the Hall of the Worshipful Company of Glaziers and Painters of Glass by the river are close by .
It is the mother church of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark .
It is Africa 's largest lake , and the second largest fresh water lake in the world .
Lake Victoria or Victoria Nyanza -LRB- also known as Ukerewe and Nalubaale -RRB- is a lake in Africa .
Filippo Inzaghi -LRB- born 9 August 1973 -RRB- is an Italian football player . He plays for Milan .
Friedrich Rittelmeyer -LRB- born Dillingen an der Donau October 5 , 1872 â `` died Hamburg March 23 , 1938 -RRB- was a German Protestant theologian .
The flag of the PSNI is the badge in the center of a dark green field .
The water organ works by having water and air arriving together in the camera aeolis -LRB- wind chamber -RRB- .
Here , water and air separate and the compressed air is driven into a wind-trunk on top of the camera aeolis , to blow the organ pipes .
It then drives a water wheel , which in turn drives the musical cylinder and the movements attached .
A hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that was powered by water .
The water organ or hydraulic organ is a kind of pipe organ .
Two perforated â splash platesâ or â diaphragmsâ stop the water spray from getting into the organ pipes .
It was invented in the 3rd century B.C. , probably by the Hellenistic scientist Ctesibius of Alexandria .
It was the world 's first keyboard instrument .
To start the organ , the tap above the entry pipe is turned on and , given a continuous flow of water , the organ plays until the tap is closed again .
The water , having been separated from the air , leaves the camera aeolis at the same speed as it enters .
David Alfaro Siqueiros -LRB- December 29 , 1896 in Camargo , Chihuahua , Mexico - January 6 , 1974 in Cuernavaca , Morelos , Mexico -RRB- was a famous painter and muralist .
Longraye is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
It is 1,060 metres tall , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .
Nancy Drew is a fictional character . She is the main character in a series of chapter books called Nancy Drew Mystery Stories .
These are the Nancy Drew Games that were made by Her Interactive .
She is the main character in a series of chapter books called Nancy Drew Mystery Stories . Her books were written in the 1930s by Edward Stratemeyer , founder of the Stratemeyer Syndicate .
The games are rated `` E '' -LRB- Everyone -RRB- by the ESRB .
Nancy Drew is a fictional character .
It was released on March 2 , 2011 through RCA Records .
Goodbye Lullaby is the fourth studio album by Canadian Avril Lavigne .
Her first single off the album was What the Hell which was released on January 10 , 2011 .
First kind of navigation is called VFR -LRB- visual flight rules -RRB- navigation . The second is IFR -LRB- instrument flight rules -RRB- navigation .
He directed most of his films in the Soviet Union , with the exception of his last two films which were produced in Italy and Sweden .
His films are characterized by Christian spirituality and metaphysical themes . Other things that are typical for his films are extremely long takes , the lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable images of exceptional beauty .
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky -LRB- April 4 , 1932 - December 29 , 1986 -RRB- was a Soviet film director , writer and opera director .
The term is used mainly in igneous petrology .
In biochemistry , a trace element is also referred to as a micronutrient .
In biochemistry , a trace element is a chemical element that is needed in minute quantities for the proper growth , development , and physiology of the organism .
In geology , a trace element is a chemical element whose concentration is less than 1000 ppm or 0.1 % of a rock 's composition .
In analytical chemistry , a trace element is an element in a sample that has an average concentration of less than 100 parts per million -LRB- ppm -RRB- measured in atomic count , or less than 100 micrograms per gram .
The term `` muppet '' is trademarked and owned by The Walt Disney Company . Puppets used in Sesame Street are still called muppets at times , and have special permission to use that name from The Walt Disney Company .
The Muppets are currently owned by The Walt Disney Company .
Puppeteers usually control the muppet with one hand in the head and the other hand controls the muppets arms .
Addendum : A succinct history of the controversy respecting the cerebral structure of Man and the apes p113 â `` 118 .
This chapter and its addendum contained most of the controversial material , and is still important today .
I. On the natural history of the man-like Apes p1 -- 56 .
Evidence as to Man 's Place in Nature is an 1863 book by Thomas Henry Huxley , in which he gives evidence for the evolution of man and apes from a common ancestor .
Darwin 's sequel came eight years later , with The Descent of Man , and Selection in relation to Sex -LRB- 1871 -RRB- .
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution , except for a sentence : `` Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history '' .
Robert Chambers in his anonymous Vestiges also clearly made the point .
In the 18th century Linnaeus and others had classified man as a primate , but without drawing evolutionary conclusions .
The book came five years after Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace announced their theory of evolution by means of natural selection , and four years after the publication of Darwin 's Origin of Species .
On some fossil remains of Man p119 â `` 159 .
Backed by this evidence , the book said that evolution applied as fully to man as to all other life .
This contains a summary of what was known of the great apes at that time .
A neanderthal skull-cap and other bones had been found , and various remains of early Homo sapiens .
On the relations of Man to the lower animals p57 â `` 112 .
It was Lamarck , the first to develop a coherent theory of evolution , who discussed human evolution in this context .
Huxley compares these remains with existing human races .
It was the first book devoted to the topic of human evolution , and discussed much of the anatomical and other evidence .
Igor Mikhailovich Diakonov -LRB- December 30 , 1914 -LRB- January 12 , 1915 -RRB- , Petrograd â `` May 2 , 1999 , St Petersburg -RRB- was a Russian historian , linguist , and translator who should be ranked among the greatest authorities on Ancient Near East and its languages .
The houses are built from the local Ticino granite with slate roofs and have changed little for several hundred years , leading the Italian writer Piero Bianconi to describe Corippo as `` Verzasca 's gentlest village '' .
It has many of the things that communities many times its size has : an official website -LRB- www.corippo.ch -RRB- , its own coat of arms , a village church , a restaurant , and a mayor who leads a town council made up of three local citizens .
The village has remained independent since 1822 .
Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley about 12 kilometers -LRB- 7.4 miles -RRB- from Locarno at the north end of the reservoir Lake Vogorno , and 20 km from the border with Italy .
Corippo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
With a population of just 17 as of December 2004 , it is the smallest municipality in Switzerland .
Bahamas national football team is the national football team of Bahamas .
Its size can vary from system to system .
The ounce -LRB- abbreviated : oz , the old Italian word onza , now spelled oncia -RRB- is a unit of mass in a number of different systems , including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems .
The most commonly used ounces used today are the international avoirdupois ounce and the international troy ounce .
Marfontaine is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
Hymenoptera originated in the Triassic : the oldest fossils belong to the Sawfly family Xyelidae .
Social hymenopterans appeared during the Cretaceous .
Females typically have a special ovipositor for inserting eggs into hosts or otherwise inaccessible places .
The young develop through complete metamorphosis â '' that is , they have a worm-like larval stage and an inactive pupal stage before they mature -LRB- See holometabolism -RRB- .
The ovipositor is often modified into a stinger .
Its speckled color patterns have given it the common name of Magpie moth .
Abraxas grossulariata is a moth of the family Geometridae . It lives in Europe and North America .
The caterpillar is about the same in color to the adult , and may be found feeding on the leaves of shrubs such as gooseberry .
Ted Kaufman is a U.S. Senator from Delaware .
He used to work for Joe Biden when he was a Senator , and replaced Biden as Senator when he became Vice President of the United States in 2009 .
Bambi is the main character in Felix Salten 's book Bambi , A Life in the Woods . He is a European Roe Deer .
Bambi is also the main character in the Disney movies based on the book : Bambi and Bambi II .
In 2001 there were 33,837 people living in Bridlington .
Corfu city is the capital of the Corfu Island and it is one of the most beautiful cities in the east Mediterranean .
AmbarÃ s-et-Lagrave is a commune .
Edward Reginald Noble -LRB- June 23 , 1895 â `` January 19 , 1962 -RRB- of Collingwood , Ontario -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 17 professional seasons in the National Hockey Association -LRB- NHA -RRB- and National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for the Toronto Blueshirts , Montreal Canadiens , Toronto St. Pats , Montreal Maroons , Detroit Cougars , Detroit Falcons and Detroit Red Wings .
He was a three-time winner of the Stanley Cup , with Toronto and Montreal and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1962 .
He was also the last active NHL player from both the NHL 's inaugural season and the 1910s .
Rozoy-sur-Serre is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
It is based on templates used for the United Kingdom Home Nations , such as Template : Bus companies in England .
Also , please do not add public transport companies if there is no correlating Wiki entry - and try to remember rules regarding whether a company is notable enough for entry into Wikipedia .
This template features details of major public transport companies based within Scotland .
American Falls is a city of Idaho in the United States .
JosÃ MarÃ a de Pereda -LRB- February 6 1833 , Polanco -- March 1 1906 , Polanco -RRB- was one of the most important of modern Spanish novelists .
Crescent City is a city of Florida in the United States .
An area of low pressure formed along the shear line early on August 2 , which slowly became stronger during the next day .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declared a statewide emergency .
In the Gulf of Mexico , the Shell Oil company removed about 40 workers from drilling locations .
The depression turned to the northwest , causing heavy rain in central Texas on August 6 .
The tropical storm moved towards the west on August 4 .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five , and was named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
Edouard died out over land and became a tropical depression late on August 5 .
A weather system became still in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August .
It moved onto land on August 5 on the upper Texas coast , about 40 miles southwest of Port Arthur and moved west-northwest into inland Texas .
In preparations for the storm , emergency teams along the Louisiana and Texas coasts became active .
He also activated around 1,200 National Guard troops , a 70 member rescue team , six helicopters , and a team that brings food and water to affected areas .
The Governor of Texas , Rick Perry , started a disaster declaration for 17 counties in Texas that were in the possible path of the storm .
About 200 buses became ready for use in San Antonio and Houston to help in evacuations .
In Cameron Parish , Louisiana , the Office of Emergency Preparedness started a mandatory evacuation , and Sheriff 's deputies put up roadblocks .
Tropical Storm Edouard was a tropical storm that formed in the Gulf of Mexico .
George Drennen Fischer was an American activist and spokesman for the National Education Association .
Ilsinho -LRB- born 12 October 1985 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
He plays for Shakhtar Donetsk .
Clube AtlÃ tico Paranaense is a football club which plays in Curitiba , Brazil .
He is known for scores on movies . Some of the most famous movies that he has scored are Requiem for a Dream , The Fountain , Moon , Smokin ' Aces , The Wrestler , and Black Swan .
Aksai Chin -LRB- Hindi : à
It is ruled by China but claimed by the Republic of India . Aksai Chin is one of the two main border disputes between India and China , the other being the dispute over Arunachal Pradesh .
It consists of about one fifth of Jammu and Kashmir .
Aksai Chin is one of the two main border disputes between India and China , the other being the dispute over Arunachal Pradesh . Aksai Chin -LRB- the name literally means `` Chin 's desert of white stones '' -RRB- is a very large high-altitude desert of salt that reaches heights up to 5,000 metres .
à à à à 3\/4 à à à à , Simplified Chinese : é å
Faverolles is a commune . It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France .
The Tibetan Partridge Perdix hodgsoniae is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes , gallinaceous birds .
Jungo Kono -LRB- born 9 July 1982 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Stabio is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Hiroshi Sowa -LRB- born 1 May 1956 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Fontenermont is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
The Republic of Zambia is a country in southern Africa .
It shares its borders with the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Tanzania to the north-east , Malawi to the east , Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana , and Namibia to the south , and Angola to the west .
Vaulx-Vraucourt is a commune . It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France .
This category contains people who are from the US state of Maine .
EFE is a Spanish news agency created in 1939 by RamÃ n Serrano SÃ Ã er and Manuel Aznar Zubigaray .
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007 .
In 1967 he was became a member the Royal College of Pathologists of Australia and became a senior pathologist at the Royal Perth Hospital where he spent most of his career .
An Australian documentary was made in 2006 about Warren and Marshall 's road to the Nobel Prize , called `` The Winner 's Guide to the Nobel Prize '' .
Winifred Warren is a psychiatrist .
He married Winifred Theresa Warren and together they had five children , from oldest to youngest , John , David , Patrick , Andrew and Rebecca .
In 2005 , Warren and Marshall were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine .
He received his MBBS degree from the University of Adelaide , having completed his high school education at St Peter 's College , Adelaide .
Warren helped develop an easy diagnostic test -LRB- 14C-urea breath-test -RRB- for finding H. pylori in ulcer patients .
John Robin Warren AC -LRB- born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide -RRB- is an Australian pathologist , Nobel winner and researcher . In 1979 , he re-discoved the bacterium Helicobacter pylori , together with Barry Marshall .
At the University of Western Australia with Barry J. Marshall , Warren proved that the bacterium is the cause of stomach ulcers .
Four people own the team , including producer Joe Roth , Adrian Hanauer , Paul Allen and comedian Drew Carey .
Arlo White , who used to work for the BBC , is the announcer for local games .
Many fans are in groups and also a 53-member band called Sound Wave plays at every home game .
The team was the 15th MLS team and first played in the 2009 season .
At every Seattle game , all of the seats were sold and the fans set a new record for average -LRB- or middle -RRB- match attendance , while the team also sold more season tickets than anyone else in the MLS .
Seattle Sounders FC is a team in Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- that plays in Seattle , Washington .
The team plays at Qwest Field , which it shares with the Seattle Seahawks .
Washington -LRB- born 1 April 1975 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
Ixnay on the Hombre is the fourth album by American punk rock band The Offspring , released in 1997 .
This was their first album released on the major label Columbia Records -LRB- however , in Europe , it was released on Epitaph -RRB- and also its first collaboration with record producer Dave Jerden , who would produce the band 's next album Americana -LRB- 1998 -RRB- .
Four chefs compete in three three rounds or segments on the show : appetizer , entree and dessert .
The winner receives $ 10,000 .
Mas-Blanc-des-Alpilles is a commune of 373 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France .
When Japan was added back to the F1 schedule ten years later , it went to Suzuka instead .
Local drag races are common on the circuit .
The speedway brought the first Formula One race to Japan at the end of the season .
After the global recession and its own financial problems , Toyota decided to stop hosting of Japanese Grand Prix .
It was built in the early 1960s and hosted the first Formula One race in Japan in 1976 .
In the 1980s , Fuji Speedway was used for the FIA World Sportscar Championship and national racing .
The circuit hosts the NISMO Festival for historic Nissan racers .
The series has hosted its rounds since 2003 , with the exception of the 2004 closure . The circuit became the first to take place on an international level racetrack and the first of the three to take place on an F1 circuit .
At first , the circuit was planned to hold NASCAR-style races in Japan .
The long pit straight has also been used for drag racing .
Fuji Speedway is a race track standing in the foothills of Mount Fuji , in Oyama , SuntÅ District , Shizuoka Prefecture , Japan .
In 1966 , the track hosted a USAC Indy Car non-championship race , won by Jackie Stewart .
F1 did n't return to Fuji until .
Mario Andretti won the race , and James Hunt earned enough points to win the world championship title .
Fuji Speedway is known for having one of the longest straights in motorsport tracks , at 1.5 k in length .
Even with these changes , the main feature of the track remained its long 1.5 k straight , one of the longest in all of motorsports .
Following both poor ticket sales and bad weather it was decided by FOM that the Japanese Grand Prix would be shared between Fuji Speedway and Suzuka on alternate years . Suzuka would hold the next race on 4 October 2009 .
Mitsubishi Estate Co. -LRB- a part of Mitsubishi -RRB- invested in the circuit . They took over the management rights on October 1965 .
The Fuji circuit is known to fans of the arcade racing game Pole Position , as cars raced on the circuit .
The circuit reopened on 10 April 2005 .
In 2003 the circuit was closed to for a major reprofiling of the track . A new design from Hermann Tilke was used .
Fuji remained a popular sports car racing venue . FIA World Sportscar Championship visited the track between 1982 â `` 1988 .
The only time the circuit is run on a reverse direction is during the D1 Grand Prix drifting round .
Fuji Speedway Corporation was established in 1963 , as Japan NASCAR Corporation .
Nearby is a drifting course , which was built as part of the refurbishment .
It hosted its first Formula One championship event in 29 years on 30 September 2007 .
In Gilles Villeneuve was involved in a crash that killed two spectators on the side of the track . Formula One stopped racing at the speedway and Japan .
The track was designed to be a 4 k high-banked superspeedway .
When it first opened , it was managed by Mitsubishi . Fuji Speedway was purchased by Toyota Motor Corporation in 2000 .
NHRA exhibitions were run in 1989 .
A new part of track was built to fix the problem . The new 4.359 k course was more successful .
Toyota also hosts its own historic event a week before the NISMO called Toyota Motorsports Festival .
The Fuji circuit is featured prominently in the Japanese television drama Engine as the main setting for the racing scenes . It is also the home of the -LRB- fictional -RRB- `` Regulus Cup '' .
Thomas Kahlenberg -LRB- born 20 March 1983 -RRB- is a Danish football player . He plays for Wolfsburg and Denmark national team .
Henry Herbert Asquith -LRB- 12 September 1852 â `` 15 February 1928 -RRB- was a prime minister of the United Kingdom .
His pet spider has not eaten since the family moved .
Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school far from his old home .
Bobby keeps a journal where he records interesting facts about spiders . He then uses it to record his frustrations and thoughts about his new school .
He moved from Illinois to New Paltz , New York and his love of spiders has earned him the nickname of Spider Boy from Illinois . This was given to him by the class bully .
Spider Boy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher , first published in 1997 .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Latvian lats are the currency used in Latvia .
WAW dependencies are also known as output dependencies .
In order to have a compact instruction encoding , most processor instruction sets have a small set of special locations which can be directly named .
Different instructions may take different amounts of time -LRB- e.g. , CISC architecture -RRB- .
Instead of delaying the write until all reads are completed , two copies of the location can be maintained , the old value and the new value .
Instructions 4 , 5 , and 6 are independent of instructions 1 , 2 , and 3 , but the processor can not finish 4 until 3 is done , because 3 would then write the wrong value .
When all reads needing the old value have been satisfied , it can be discarded .
While the general-purpose and floating-point registers are the most , flag and status registers or even individual status bits are commonly renamed as well .
Programs are composed of instructions which operate on values .
Anything that is read and written can be renamed .
The false dependency is broken and additional opportunities for out-of-order execution are created .
A typical instruction might say , add X and Y and put the result in Z. In this instruction , X , Y , and Z are the names of storage locations .
Memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the level used in register renaming .
This is the essential concept behind register renaming .
The instructions must name these values in order to distinguish them from one another .
For instance , a processor may be able to execute hundreds of instructions while a single load from main memory instruction is in progress .
This is the sort of false dependency that can be resolved by renaming .
In computer engineering , register renaming refers to a technique used to avoid unnecessary serialized execution of program instructions because of the reuse of the same registers by those instructions .
Shorter instructions executed while the load is outstanding will finish first , thus the instructions are finishing out of the original program order .
Now instructions 4 , 5 , and 6 can be executed in parallel with instructions 1 , 2 , and 3 , so that the program can be executed faster .
WAR dependencies are also known as anti-dependencies .
In smaller processors , the names of these locations correspond directly to elements of a register file .
A read from a register or memory location must return the last prior value written to that location , and not one written programmatically after the read .
For example , the x86 instruction set architecture has 8 integer registers , x86-64 has 16 , many RISCs have 32 , and IA-64 has 128 .
Successive writes to a particular register or memory location must leave that location containing the result of the second write .
Reads that precede , in program order , the write of the new value can be provided with the old value , even while other reads that follow the write are provided with the new value .
Out-of-order execution has been used in most recent high-performance CPUs to achieve some of their speed gains .
This can be resolved by squashing -LRB- synonyms : canceling , annulling , mooting -RRB- the first write if necessary .
This is referred to as a true dependency or flow dependency , and requires the instructions to execute in program order .
A read from a register or memory location must return the value placed there by the last write in program order , not some other write .
Many high performance CPUs have more physical registers than may be named directly in the instruction set and they can rename registers in hardware to achieve better instruction level parallelism .
The Turing test is a test to see if a computer can trick a person into believing that the computer is a person too .
Gistel is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Joseph Vernon `` Big Joe '' Turner -LRB- May 18 , 1911 -- November 24 , 1985 -RRB- was an American blues singer . He was born in Kansas City , Missouri .
Two years after his death Big Joe Turner was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Abbotsford , British Columbia is a city in British Columbia .
The Calgary Flames AHL farm team is located in Abbotsford and is called the Abbotsford Heat .
Juliet Burke is the name of a fictional character , a main character on the ABC 's TV series Lost . She is played by the actress Elizabeth Mitchell .
Juliet 's character was introduced in the third season 's premiere .
The Supremes ' were known for their doo-wop , pop , soul , Broadway show tunes , psychedelic soul , and disco .
Rubens JosuÃ da Costa -LRB- born 24 November , 1928 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Very small amounts of allergens can still cause anaphylaxis .
Kookaburras usually eat small animals : small mammals -LRB- like mice -RRB- , insects , small birds , lizards and snakes .
Flassan is a commune of 341 people -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Aberdeen is sometimes called the `` Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula '' . It is also called the `` Birthplace of Grunge '' because musician Kurt Cobain is from Aberdeen .
Aberdeen was founded by Samuel Benn in 1884 .
The year 2007 in science had some important events , listed below .
Stewart Downing -LRB- born 22 July 1984 -RRB- is an English football player . He has played for Aston Villa and England national team .
Chillicothe is a city of Illinois in the United States .
The waggle phase of the dance is the most notable and informative part of the dance .
People study the swarm intelligence of social insects and animals such as fish , birds , and ants . Recently , there has been research on using bee waggle dance behavior for fault-tolerant routing .
From the abstract of Wedde , Farooq , and Zhang -LRB- 2004 -RRB-
Flowers that are located directly in line with the sun are shown by waggle runs in an upward direction on the vertical combs . If the flowers are at an angle to the right or left of the sun , the waggle run is done at the same angle to the upward direction .
It is now known that a round dance is only a waggle dance with a very short `` waggle run '' -LRB- see below -RRB- .
The bee will run through a small wave-like pattern -LRB- a waggle run or waggle phase -RRB- . After this , it will turn to the right and circle back to the starting point -LRB- the return phase -RRB- .
The distance between hive and flowers is shown in the duration of the waggle runs .
For every 100 meters the flowers are distant from the hive , the waggle phase lasts about 75 milliseconds .
The direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers .
These phases are the waggle phase and the return phase .
It used to be thought that bees have two distinct `` recruitment '' dances . There were the `` round dances '' and waggle dances .
Georges Head fort was built in 1871 after the British Army decided to leave Australia in 1870 .
It took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from North Sydney to the forts .
In 1877 large mounds of earth were placed between the pits to make sure the guns neither could fire upon each other and to help protect the gun crew from enemy fire .
Their job was to explode the mine closest to an approaching enemy ship .
The Georges Head Fort is located on the Georges Head , in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
They came along a dirt road which later became Military Road .
Georges Head was armed with four 80 pounder cannons and two 68 pounder cannons .
