history pancreatic cancer .
this is why it was called chemotherapy .
chronic back pain .
abdominal pain .
follow-up examination .
comparison is made with previous ct scan reported date and date 15 ml of multihance was administered per protocol .
axial sat clear , t2 and t2 are the second largest town in the center and in phase sequences . in axial shot mrcp sequences marked hydronephrosis .
low signal intensity usually right ureter likely flow .
possible septations may be present in the distal right ureter .
ct scan of the abdomen and pelvis with and without contrast is recommended to evaluate for possible stone or distal obstructing lesion .
findings are new since the alternative country .
decreased enhancement of the right kidney in comparison to the left during the arterial phase may reflect a renal compromise .
stable mild pelviectasis is again noted in the left kidney .
no severe is seen in the kidneys .
no masses seen around the right ureter .
postoperative changes are seen from a distal pancreatectomy and cholecystectomy created previous whipple procedure .
there is dilatation of the pancreatic duct in the body and tail .
no recurrent mass is seen in the pancreas or anastomosis .
the person hold of a person who time the band in the lobe was killed .
no filling defect is seen within the common duct .
spleen and adrenal glands are unremarkable .
no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen .
no bowel obstruction is identified .
anterior abdominal hernia is again noted containing small bowel without evidence of strangulation .
there is marked s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine .
no metastatic bone lesions are identified .
interval development of marked hydronephrosis hydroureter in the right kidney .
no discrete stone or mass in the visualized portions of the right ureter .
scan of the abdomen and bad with evaluation .
stable mild pelviectasis in the left kidney .
postoperative change from previous whipple procedure .
no recurrent mass in the pancreas or anastomosis .
a larger town of the biliary ducts in the left hepatic lobe , when the in the white material had been killed .
no lymphadenopathy or metastatic bony lesions .
anterior abdominal wall hernia contains small bowel without evidence of strangulation or obstruction .
at the time , the thoracolumbar spine .
